---
title: Use the Force... to Use Email Better
episode: 60
date: '2019-08-29T11:24:37.000Z'
slug: use-the-force-to-use-email-better/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:01]

please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:14]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

I feel like we just talked recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

You know, it's been a long time actually, Stan. It's been longer than usual. I mean, my last week was a bit of a whirlwind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

So the last thing I remember is our phone call or our recording rather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

Recording

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:42]

FaceTime call when FaceTime works.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:45]

So how was Atlanta? Did you just work the whole time?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

For the most part I worked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

It was pretty busy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

It was very warm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

And Yeah. I think I've concluded that in Atlanta,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

folks don't keep

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

the air conditioner as cool as I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

So I was Probably because it would be an astronomical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

cost. Maybe. I don't know. I was I was schwitzing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

So very moist in the gills.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

But no, it's it's fine. It was good. I mean, it was just one thing after another, so I kept a pretty tight schedule.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

I did have a a pretty fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

Italian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

meal one night. We ate in the back of a restaurant in the kitchen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

and they brought out what I thought was a tasting menu because it had like three appetizers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

two pastas, a salad, two main courses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

And it turned out that it was not a tasting menu, it was the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

And you ordered everything? Well, no. No. No. Everybody got everything. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

everyone got two pasta dishes. They got all of the three appetizers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

They got both of the main courses, and so it was a ton of food. It was delightful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

and delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

The the restaurant was unbelievably noisy, but beyond that, it was good. Was like Storyco,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

Fresco,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

El Restaurante,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Alamari or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

It it sounds more ridiculous when I say it now, but it's in Atlanta. It was good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

I'm trying to think if there's any Real meat or meat alternatives?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

Oh, no. No. There so I know I said I was gonna do Del Taco in Atlanta this week, but I actually did not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

and I stuck to just real meat. Although, I did have sushi twice, so there was that. Nice. Yeah. That's like meat in its purest form. If fish counts as meat, but I count it as meat. I I think it counts as meat. I I know it's kind of a gray area for some people, but as far as I'm concerned, fish is meat. So. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:44]

I'm with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:45]

So says life with a twist of lemon, fish is meat

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

in all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

definitions of Yeah. So so fight us. Fight us. We'll see you on Reddit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

So, anyways, you were gone. I didn't think that we would have a ton to talk about this week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

So I put a couple things on our list that have been sitting around in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

our episode ideas list or things that annoyed me this week. And then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

we have all this huge news that happened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

that only a fraction of our listeners will actually care about. Yeah. I think the the thing that really popped the cork, if you will, was was d 23. I think that's where most of all this is coming out of, but I I could be wrong. So d 23 is Did you know that was happening, like, before all the announcements? I I didn't. Normally, I do. I I'm telling you, man, traveling for a week for work really throws me off kilter. I was behind on everything. So here, just to rewind to Atlanta a bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

I got in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

Friday night at around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

07:30.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

It was an awful flight home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

In large part, I spent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

I don't know, like an hour and change sitting on the tarmac in Atlanta, which is the worst because it's hot already, and you're on a plane that doesn't have, like, cool air pumping through it. So I'm sweating bullets. It was all because of a storm that rolled in, and they had to reroute us. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

that was, like, the capstone to just an exhausting week. But I got home, and I was in bed by nine on Friday night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

And then I didn't get out of bed until nine on Saturday morning. I took what I think was at least a two hour nap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

and then went to bed promptly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

on Saturday at around ten.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

So, yeah, let's just say that I'm I'm not fully recovered just yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

But because of that, I had no idea that d twenty three was even this month, let alone coming up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

I have no idea. As our listeners know, I do not follow the news at all. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

Dude, I don't know how to tell you this. I don't think, like, the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal are featuring d twenty three. I like it's it's big news, but not in that way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

So I have to be on Reddit? I actually I I don't know, man. I I guess that's where Patrick gets all of his stuff, but it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

yeah. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

So okay. D Anyways. D twenty three expo is the big thing. Disney makes a whole bunch of announcements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

This year, there were some things focused around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

the, the new Disney plus streaming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

service, which is coming out, I think, now November 12 is the official date.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Yep. There there was also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

some movie related announcements,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

a few of which I am just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

horrifically excited about, and a few of which I'm skeptical about. So I I don't know. You wanna start with the TV shows? Because you really were the one that clued me in the d twenty three expo was going on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

Right. Which is weird because I just said that I had no idea that it was going on. I think Patrick said something different thread.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

so d twenty three,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

they're wrapping up one of their keynotes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

kinda the MC

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

invites basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

big friend of Star Wars of the Star Wars family onto the stage

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:08]

and out walks Ewan McGregor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Yet not a face that I ever expected to revisit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

Star Wars universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

So Ewan McGregor plays Obi Wan in episodes one, two, and three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

Does he voice Obi Wan in something else too? I don't I don't think so. I mean, maybe on the rebels appearance, but I I don't feel like he did. I will check that while you continue to talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:40]

So he comes out. Everybody's real excited to see him. I mean, it's Obi Wan, and he actually was one of the good actors, I would say, in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

episodes one, and three, the prequels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

I I would I would take that a step further. I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

he managed to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

take on the persona of Obi Wan and give it more definition such that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

now when you think of Obi Wan, you you think of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

Ewan McGregor. You know? You don't you don't think of Interesting. I mean, don't I don't know. Do you do you disagree?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

think that they're tied together, but, I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

Al Guinness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

is the original Obi Wan. Yeah. He is. But but think about this. Right? Like He has, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:26]

he he appears in what? Half of a movie, and then as a ghosty guy? Yeah. So and I I think that that's kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

you know, it's funny because when Star Wars came out, he was the only name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Right? He was the only person of any fame at the time, which is hard for us to believe, but it it is what it is. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

now, like, I don't I I don't know, man. I just don't think of him

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

Obi Wan. And part of it could be too, he did not do the voice work for Obi Wan in Rebels or Obi Wan in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

the Clone Wars TV show. Right? Mhmm. But they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

designed that character to look like Obi Wan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

and Got it. Furthermore,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

they did their best to sound like Ewan McGregor. So there's just a ton of Star Wars canon built up around Ewan McGregor as Obi Wan. And, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

movie two and movie three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

they are nothing without the Obi Wan character. They're so intrinsic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

You know, movie one just doesn't matter. Like, that's that's the Qui Gon show. So but but two and three, man, it's it's a big deal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

Yeah, man. And this just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

side tangent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

Rebels

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

and The Clone Wars, I have not seen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

but I expect that to change

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

very, very soon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

So you're hoping they're all available.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

They said that there's new seasons of both of them available. Right? Oh, I don't remember that. I don't remember that. I I think Rebels is is done. There might be there might be some additional material for Clone Wars. I think there was a rumor about that. Don't I know that that's been confirmed or denied.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

Alright. So I will be watching those if they're on Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

One of these days, might just buy them to watch them, so we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

back to the point, Obi Wan, even MacGregor comes on stage. It's a pretty short thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

and he turns I don't remember what her name was, but he says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

ask me if I will ever play Obi Wan Kenobi again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

So she does,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

and he responds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

Which which is awesome. Right? Now here's the thing that blows my mind. This is gonna be more live action content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

You know? Like, this has to be I gotta think that Ewan McGregor is pretty expensive as far as an actor goes for what's gonna announce a miniseries, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

I I don't think that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:57]

Disney has spared any expense on these shows.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

We'll talk about that a little bit more later.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

But, yeah, Ewan McGregor, probably not cheap,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

playing Obi Wan. So that's gonna be awesome. I'm excited.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:15]

We don't know a lot. We know that it's gonna be a series.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

We we don't know the time period yet, do we?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:23]

But seeing as he's aged,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

it's gotta take place between three and four. Right? I mean, I you you would think so. I would think Like, '2 and three? Maybe before rebels post three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

I don't know. Because in in rebels, he's not a young man. Rebels is right on the heel of heels of four. So I don't know. There's you know, it's surprising there's not actually, like, a huge window

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

for him to cover.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:49]

Yeah. So the only other thought is if they kind of went back and filled in time that was covered in the prequels. So, like, there's at some point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

Obi Wan moves from being Qui Gon's apprentice to sitting on the Jedi Council.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

Right. Like yeah. There there's some there's some time to fill in there. I think that could be interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

I don't know that that's to me, that's not the most interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

story line to be filled in, but, you know, who knows? I it's we're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

we're gonna find out. I'm looking forward to it. I hope that they do it with the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

fidelity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

that they appear to have done The Mandalorian with, because and this is the next thing I I wanna talk about, is the trailer for The Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

looked unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

I mean, the CGI in this thing is nuts. Absolutely nuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

I noticed that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:41]

I also noticed that the whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

tone of the trailer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

fits

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

a story about a bounty hunter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:50]

Like, this is a sharp cut away from, like, this fantasy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:56]

adventure,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

kinda light fun thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

with the sub

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

sub,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

context of light side versus dark side. And this is, like, full on drama

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

with bounty hunter as the storytelling device, basically. Yeah. You know, I don't know, again, the timeline here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

So this, we do know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:20]

This takes place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

It says it's set after the fall of the empire and before the emergence of the first order, but that's a huge time window. I mean, that's Yeah. That's like presumably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

is post the battle of Jakku, but I I really don't know. Now I'm I'm big into the Star Wars novels. Right? That's that's one of the things that I've kept up with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

I I would love to see it post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

battle of Jakku, but we'll we'll see. I think the other thing that's intriguing to me about this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

we like, in Clone Wars, there is a deep

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

Mandalorian storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

And that actually bubbles up in Rebels too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

And we actually see in Star Wars Rebels how the Mandalorians kind of shrink

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

in Populous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

But we, like, we don't get any reference other than Django and Boba after that. And and really, it's just Boba after that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

So I, you know, I would love to know, are there other Mandalorians out there? I don't know if this will touch on that. I kinda hope it will, but maybe not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

We'll see, you know. I again, the the CGI on this just looks awesome, man. And even the non CGI, the stuff that they did, though it's clearly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

actual staging,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

it looks looks just really thorough. I'm thinking of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

the opening scene of this is super dark. It's a bunch of stormtroopers helmets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

on spears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

And Right. Like, it's just a lot of detail. The costumes, a lot of detail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

No expense was spared here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

this one was interesting to me too because it said that it is streaming on November 12, which means it will be available

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

when Disney plus releases.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

Yep. So this will be Now the question is, are they gonna, like, batch release seasons,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

are they gonna go I I think that's a bad business model, so I think they're gonna I think they're gonna draw it out. That's Yeah. That's my my hunch. Now that said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

when Disney released Rebels,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

they did start at one point releasing two episodes at once. It was it was kinda it was odd. It was peculiar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

I I would imagine that's what they're gonna do. I would be shocked if they don't. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

from just a purely business model standpoint,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

like, you wanna draw out those subscriptions as long as you can. Not not that I really think they're gonna have much of a need to, because again Right. This For at what? $7 price point? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What was I saw Daniel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

Sanchez on Facebook was like, just show me where to put my credit card.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:57]

Right. Which which pretty much is I'm how in the same boat. Like, I have the complete opposite fear of that all this Disney plus content is gonna consume my life, and I'm not gonna get anything else done. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

Well, between that and Picard, when it comes out, John, we'll never see again. Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

Oh. Okay. I'll pop up once a week to talk about what happened on our podcast. We're gonna become just a spoiler show. Okay. So so that in and of itself would have been an awesome week, but then today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:29]

the rise of Wait. Wait. Wait. What else came out movie wise that you are a fan of or not a fan of?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

Well, I saw Black Panther two was announced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

I'm a huge Black Panther fan. I didn't see a lot of detail on that, but I also I'm just behind. So I I don't know. Was there something else I can't think of?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

Lady and the Tramp live action? Yeah. Don't don't care. No?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

No. K. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

all of the reboots of the original films that have been live action,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

I've I've largely stayed away from. I did see Dumbo. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

kind of enjoyed Dumbo. I'm I'm not gonna lie. But that was Tim Burton,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

which is, I I think, unique just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

all by itself. So Right. I haven't seen Lion King. I haven't seen Aladdin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

I did see Beauty and the Beast. I did not like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:22]

I thought Beauty and the Beast was fine. I thought Aladdin was fine, but they're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

if I had to choose between showing my kids a live action film and the original animated ones, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

the original animated ones are a piece of art, really. Yeah. They they literally are a piece of art. Right. I I don't know, man. Beauty and the beast, I felt like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

so much of the music sounded hollow compared to the original soundtrack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

actually, Ewan McGregor, I did not care for, oddly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

enough, at at all as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

LeFou. Right? LeFou? That's that's his name? Lemire. Lemire? Whatever. No. The the candelabra.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

So, you know yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

Enough of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

Rise of Skywalker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

Yes. So when you watch this, did you think it was legit when you started it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

I didn't know that they were gonna go anywhere because it starts off going through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

all of the movies. Right. Like, all of them. Bunch of old clips. I thought this was just a made up, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

I I was gonna get Rick ruled halfway through. That's what I was expecting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

This trailer doesn't tell us much of anything, does it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

You tell me. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

mean, it there's stuff that goes by real fast. So, like, there's this laser beam that looks like it's coming from some sort of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

planet destroying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

yeah, I mean, there's clips of Leia,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

and then there's the clip at the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

But I think the clip the clip at the end is the only thing that might tell us something. This in my opinion, this trailer tells us less about the rise of Skywalker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

than the prior one did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

With the minute and a half of the stare down between the tie fighter and Rey? Yeah. So I think you can walk away from this one knowing that all of our good guys will be together in a scene at the same time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

which they they really didn't get the last round.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

They're always fragmented in some way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

And I think then that that final scene with the wicked cool lightsaber that snaps into place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

tells us that at some point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

Rey has a red lightsaber.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

But that's it. Like, I I don't know what to read into that. Right? Now granted, there's a whole bunch of lore around why a lightsaber would be red. I get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

I I don't know, man. Like, what what do you think? What what was your take? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

my take

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:04]

I think that every

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:05]

Jedi

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

at some point comes into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

this temptation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

from the dark side,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

whether it's Luke at the cave

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

Anakin trying to defeat death, which he ultimately succumbs to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

So I think between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

Palpatine's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

laugh and Palpatine being

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:25]

prominently on the poster,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

like, I think that there's definitely some sort of temptation there, and I don't know what it looks like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

But I think that's when this happens. Okay. So the last movie, not particularly good. Right? Like, you were Right. You were crazy about it? No. The plot line was the ship was gonna run out of gas. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

The the force awakens,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

you were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

what? The force awakens,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

I liked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

when it came out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

I'll still go and watch it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

but I think that the second movie kind of ruined any place I could go, especially ruining the Finn character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

I I think the first one, Force Awakens there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

is not going to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

as timeless

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

A New Hope. A New Hope. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. The the bar is set pretty high. I I I recognize that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

it was good, and I liked it, and I will watch it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

The Last Jedi,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

I has gotten better the more times I watch it, but still awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

I actually I like I don't know, man. It sits right above Phantom Menace for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

What's that tell you? That

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

tells me not good things. I think I probably like Phantom Menace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

more. That's just that's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

When was the last time you watched it, Stan? I called out all the cool, awesome things in it, and you're like, what? Are you kidding me? No. I I've seen Phantom Menace, I don't know, within the last two years. Remember, my kids that was, like, their favorite Star Wars movie for some reason. Yeah. And they would watch it over and over and over again. Because it's bright and colorful and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

Gungans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

Yeah. Gungans and pod racers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

But so here's here's the thing. The pod race scene did not age well. No. No. It did not. The a lot of that movie did not age well. I mean, not just the podrace. Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

But so, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Skywalker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

the Rise of Skywalker trailer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

doesn't tell me much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

I am resisting the urge to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

because I was excited about The Last Jedi after watching the trailers. Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

I like, it was a flop. Right? Like, it was just it was bad writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

It was it was fun. It was fun to get it dropped. I'll say that much. We've got, what, roughly three months to go?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

Yeah, man. December.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

to your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:54]

A New Hope comment and how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

force awakens isn't gonna age as well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

I think that's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

I mean, A New Hope was groundbreaking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

in what it did. I mean, that is the first time you see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

these very detailed alien species on the big screen, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

basically set the tone for the next ten years of special effects,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:21]

in cinema and stuff like that. So I think that that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:26]

comparing the two probably isn't fair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:29]

Force Awakens,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:31]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:33]

It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

I think it relied too much on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:38]

the source material to kinda be a standalone movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

That that is a fair critique. I wanna be clear. I I think that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

A New Hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

has a timelessness to it, not because of the special effects,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

not because of the costuming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

but largely because of the cinematography and story writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

Right? Yep. Not even the acting. Right? It's the Yeah. Acting is pretty bad. It is. Like, the cinematography

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

beautiful. I mean, it is truly artful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

the story itself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

is is just I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

don't I don't even know where to how to be, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

label it. It it's it's just a fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

piece of writing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

I don't I don't think we'll see another script like that in our lifetime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

From from the special effects standpoint, I think you are correct. I'm not trying to discount that, but I that's not, to me, what makes it timeless. I would say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

Star Wars is there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

in the category of impactful special effects movies right alongside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

like, Iron Man one. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

Where Right. That new textured CGI

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

got its legs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

that doesn't make it timeless in my mind. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

Alright. So Rise of Skywalker,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

two things that I either think we'll see or I hope we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

Throughout all of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

the Star Wars movies, there has been this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:13]

kind of fight with death and defeating death.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

You see this with Obi Wan and Yoda coming back and even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

Anakin at the end of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:23]

return of the Jedi

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:25]

coming back as these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

ghost figurines,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

which is kind of alluded to in the prequels

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

Palpatine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

has figured out how to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:37]

bring people back from the dead or whatever. That really draws Anakin in when he sees the vision of Padme is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

gonna die. So there's this underlying tone there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

I think that that is kinda capitalized

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

on at the end of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

what the heck was the last one? We were just talking about it. I'm blanking on. But Luke disappears,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

floats off into misery, and then you hear his you hear his voice here in some of the trailers too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:06]

So I think that I wanna see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

tied to somehow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

And then I really hope that the rise of Skywalker title

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

is all about Leia,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:17]

and Leia

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

becomes the real chosen one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

If you go back to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

what is it, like, that boy was our last hope. No. There was another. I think that that always points to Leia. So Leia comes back,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

reinstitutes the Jedi council,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

and I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

Seems seems unlikely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

but it would be cool. Seems like a better stretch. It would be interesting. I I think your twist on death is fascinating. It would be interesting if we got a little bit of the tragedy of Darth Plagius

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

somehow Yeah. In this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

but we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

One can hope. That might be too deep in Star Wars lore to make a resurrection in the final film.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

Maybe. So Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

I'll go see it probably on opening night, but I don't expect it to be Empire Strikes Back. Oh, no. No. No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Greatest movie of all time right behind Godfather. How's that? First statement. A bold statement. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, John. You got a little annoyed with email this week. I I understand.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

I did. So this this came out of people sending emails without subject lines. Do you ever see this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

Wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

No no subject line at all? Like, it literally comes into Gmail, and it says no subject in parentheses. Okay. Hold up. Did the same person send more than one email this way?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

Oh, my word. That's just that's just dumb. Okay. Go on, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

So I wanted to talk about email best practices because it was something that annoyed me, and I think that we have value that we can bring to this conversation to make sure our listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

are using email effectively.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

Okay. I like your rules here. Why don't you just roll through these, and I will provide the, the pita gallery's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

color commentary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

So email best practices,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:10]

one, use relevant subject lines. Now this doesn't mean say, hey, as the subject line or Thursday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

or something like that. Use something that tells me what the email is about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

so that I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

know. And if I need more detail, I can click into it. And if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:30]

I need to go look at it two years from now, I can find it easily by the subject line. Like, that is my first rule of email.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

Okay. That all seems to make sense. Do you have a character limit?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

I do not have a character limit. I probably should,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

because, like, if I pull it up on my phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

then subject line gets cut off. I would say if you type more than 80 characters in a subject is too long.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

I would agree. It's your hook. Alright. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Next one. How do you feel about how do you feel about emojis and subject lines? Totally fine with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

Same. Okay. K. Number two, respond within one business day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

Now if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

the response is gonna take you longer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

twenty four hours to pull together and actually answer the question,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

you can keep this rule by saying, hey. I haven't been able to get to this right now, or I don't have the bandwidth to get to this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

I will have a response to you by such and such a date. Is that a realistic expectation when you can get it done? So interestingly, I don't agree with this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

I think the whole short feedback loop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

highly overrated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

if you wanted a fast response, if you wanted twenty four hours, you should text or call me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

So what's your role for how often or how you should respond to email?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

Well, I mean, I look at my personal email

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

maybe a handful of times over the course of the day. I sit down and respond to my personal email

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

pretty much once in the evening, and that's it. And I may not respond to you if I don't have what I need to respond to you right now, which means I'm gonna kick you out till tomorrow. Or maybe the next day, or let's say it's a Thursday, and my Friday is crazy, now I'm replying to you Saturday morning. And I'm okay with that. Because again, like Interesting. You know, email is just a digital form of of the post, John. Like, do you expect a letter response within one business day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

I I I do. I kinda feel like the five business day rule is is perfectly acceptable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:38]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

We disagree on this. Okay. We'll have to fight this out sometime. Alright. But I think that I rely on email more heavily than you do, and that's probably part of the problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

I'd I would be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

surprised if that were true, but I'll I'll I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. What about work email?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

I mean, I I only check my work email two, three times a day, and I don't even maintain inbox zero there anymore. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

Oh, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

Good thing that all the listener email comes to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

Yeah. I mean, if it came to my personal email, I would I would get to it. I would respond to it. Let me let me give you an example, actually, because I was in Atlanta last week. I got an email about a bug on song twos dot org,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

and I couldn't do anything about it. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

What was I gonna do? Email the person explain that I'm on a work trip and I'm busy? It doesn't make any sense. So I sat on it. When I got home, I fixed it. I sent the email. I think that was four days late.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

like, those kind of emails just come straight to your personal email? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

Interesting. I think I would probably set up some sort of alias

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

and have an autoresponder sent saying, hey. We received your message.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

I I don't get enough of them You don't care so much. Warrant warrant that. The for for sanctuary anyhow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

I it's just yeah. It's not a sorry. Let me ask you this. Do you have to respond to every email you get, John? You do not have to respond to every email that you get. Okay. Well, at least that's that's a positive direction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

How do you feel about caps in those subject lines, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:14]

So I am anti all caps in the subject line.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:17]

I'm anti all caps in pretty much everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

Like, maybe in certain design styles that works, like star wars is all caps

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:26]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

the logo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

So I guess I'm okay with that, but there's no reason for you to put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

your email subject line in all caps. If you wanna draw attention to a specific word,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

go for it because you can't bold anything in a subject line usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

But yeah. So let me ask the inverse then. How do you feel about an email subject as well as body that's in all lowercase,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

no caps, like not even taking the time for punctuation?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:57]

How long is the email?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

400

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

words.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

Then I would be opposed to that as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:05]

I should be able to read through easily,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

and you should be able to communicate clearly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

What if what if each sentence is on a separate line such that grammar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

is no longer necessary?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

Then sure, Stan. If you wanna go through that trouble. Alright. Let me let me ask you this. Do you capitalize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

the sentences,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

the first word of the sentence in Slack?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

Usually. Do you put a period at the end of a Slack message?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Usually. Oh, interesting, John. Very, very interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:39]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

don't know. I'm all for being able to read,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

which leads me to my it doesn't really tie into the next one, but a little bit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

make clear request for next actions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:55]

This kinda goes back to do you respond to every email? If I think no, like, they aren't expecting a response from me, then I'm not gonna respond to it. Also, kind of as a rule of thumb, if an email is sent to more than four people at a time, I'm probably not gonna respond to it. If if it's sent to more than four people at a time and you do need to respond,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

do you hit reply all, or do you just hit reply?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:19]

It depends on the situation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

So what would qualify

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

hitting reply all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

the board of directors at my church, which I sit on, is what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

One, two, three, four, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

six people, seven people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

So if there is certain discussion that's happening via email,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:41]

then I will reply all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

So in general,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

and this goes for work as well as personal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

I will not respond to an email with multiple recipients.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

Two, maybe three at most, and then I pretty much stop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

Because if somebody wanted to have a discussion, they would schedule a meeting, and we'd hop on a Hangout because email

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

is just not gonna work for a nice long discussion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

I agree with you in general.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:09]

With chapel board of directors, I'm kind of avoiding having a meeting. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

that that's just a sign that you're not having good meetings, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:19]

I mean, our meetings are fine, but it takes me half an hour to get there, and we don't really have a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

rule for allowing those meetings to happen digitally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

Sounds like you need to fix that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:33]

Maybe. Alright. We'll see if it rises to a priority.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

Did I even cover the next point? I don't know. I don't think you did. Just keep going, John. Make

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:44]

clear requests for next action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

make it clear. Maybe just make it clear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:50]

Yes. That's that's the one rule of email.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:52]

Tell me what you need and what I need to do. So, yeah, clear request for next action. So if you want me to respond or provide something,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:01]

tell me what it is, tell me when you need it by, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

we'll make it happen. You had a pretty rough week, didn't you, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:10]

Like I said, I I get a lot of email. So so how do you feel about long emails?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

So I think that long emails can have their place,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:18]

but they need to be readable and skimmable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:22]

So as I'm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:24]

processing my email in the morning or whatever,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

I can look at it. I can say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:31]

okay. Here's the main points.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

Here's something that I need to do, and I can send it to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:36]

wherever the place it needs to go is. If it's just for reference, I can archive it, make it sure it has clear subject line so I can search for it later. If I need to take action, it moves to a to do list of some sort. Okay. Let me ask you this. Do you ever respond to an email and say, too long, didn't read?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:57]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:57]

If it got to that point, I wouldn't respond.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Okay. Interesting. You never asked for, like, a new summarized version?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

No. I've totally done that. I have I've looked at the email, and I've started reading it and realized that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

the particular author

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

is incapable, at least in this draft,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

of getting to information to me that I need, and so I'll just respond, hey. Could you summarize this for me?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

You're in a position of power, Stan. I I no. I don't think that has anything to do with it, because I've done that with, like, long winded people that that, are either, you know, peers or or higher ranking. I I just like, communication is an art. And if I I can't. I I don't know, if I'm already lost in your first paragraph,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

you should just start over. Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:46]

Anyways, long emails, if they need to be long, break it up with subheadings. Subheadings are wonderful. Do you prefer the bullet form or the paragraph form in email?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

No preference. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:00]

So I prefer that it's clear. Like, if bullets don't tell me anything, don't use bullets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

If you can save what you want to within a bullet or even if it's like a paragraph of a bullet, then go for it. So in written form, I have a rule. I don't do more than two to three sentences in a paragraph or a bullet, whichever it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

And I try to stick to just one. So often you'll see me write emails where each sentence is on a separate line, believe it or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

But they're often well polished succinct thoughts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

because I don't want anybody to miss a sentence just because it happened to come second.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

For all the skimmers out there, it drives me nuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:41]

Like me. Yeah. Like you. But I would read every word you say, Stan. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Mister, I need subheadings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

I mean, if your paragraphs are only a sentence long, then you probably don't need subheadings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

let let me ask this. What do you use email for outside of work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:02]

Work chapel stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

trying to refinance my home currently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

things of that nature. Do you have any friends you just email like, hey. How you doing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

Just you, Stan. You don't really email me that way, John. You just text me. Alright. That's true. Or we talk,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:19]

and I can see you currently on FaceTime. I have not. I used to do that a lot more. I haven't done that in probably ten years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

Ten years? Good grief. Alright. So believe it or not, I actually have friends that I still correspond with long form. And maybe this plays into why I don't respond to every email in a day because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

you know, I I give it a couple days to think through my response, new line, and then write it write it back. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

Well, John, I I hope that this week yields you better email, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:50]

That's that is my goal. We're off to a pretty strong start.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:54]

Some that could be improved, but, you know, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:58]

I forgive those people who aren't quite up to where I am in my email productivity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

Oh my gosh. Here we go. Here we go. Alright. Well, I look forward to, next week's report

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

on the status of email. And I think, my friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

is is about the best way we could possibly end this episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:20]

Sounds good. If you enjoy listening, send us an email

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:24]

or through our contact form at twist of lemon pod dot com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:28]

Like us on Facebook,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:31]

twist of lemon pod. Twitter, twist of lemon pod.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:34]

On iTunes, life with twist of lemon, give us five star review. Somebody gave us a five star review, but didn't do any writing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:41]

But our five star count went up to 25,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

so thank you to whoever that was. Hey. If you feel so inclined,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:48]

write something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

and we'll read it on air. Just remember as you send in your messages to use a relevant subject line, and we will respond, and by we, I mean, John, within one Within business day. Business day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

Until next week, John. We'll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:04]

talk to you later.

