---
title: Stan's Vacation to Nowhere
episode: 106
date: '2020-10-29T12:29:34.000Z'
slug: stans-vacation-to-nowhere/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:24]

Alright, Stanley. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:26]

we're recording on Sunday. Usually, I don't come near my computer on the weekends, but you've convinced me, and I realized I still had a bunch of stuff open from the end of the day on Friday at work.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:36]

And the only thing we had to talk about was Gotham, but now you just added three more things.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:42]

Hey. That's what I'm here for, buddy. And the first thing is really me because you sent me a picture saying that your tent was now ready. So are you going camping in the snow?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

Well, first of all, it's not snowing here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:55]

I I don't I don't think so. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

just to rewind,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

this is the the tent that you camped in when you went camping with us on Labor Day. I have actually not signed up Labor Day four

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

years ago? Yeah. It was a while. It was a while. We have another tent that we primarily use, and we've used it since. But this tent, the one of the poles

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:16]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

the rainfly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

had cracked, and I we made do that Labor Day weekend. Also, didn't rain. So that was helpful. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

I I had it in, like, a to do list buried down deep deep down to fix those tent poles, and I had actually ordered a set of replacement poles probably about a year ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

But when I pulled them out, they were too thick. And because the this pole has to arc a certain way, the thicker the pole, the less give. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

I had been talking to the kids about the prospect of possibly camping in the backyard since we didn't get to camp as a family this year. Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

they were initially interested, so I ordered another set of replacement tent poles to to repair this, found some that were were thinner.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

And then I got it fixed, and nobody wants to go camping. What? I'm back in the backyard. Yeah. Lame. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:10]

but I'm ready, John. I'm ready. We can, you know You know what you need to do. At some point. You need to set up the tent and say that you're gonna camp outside,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:19]

then you'll have at least one other person with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

Well, that's that's great. Wait. Are you talking about missus Lemon or dads? No. Missus Lemon. No way.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:27]

I was thinking Evelyn. But Oh, yeah. Maybe. Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:31]

I I was also thinking I could just set it up and leave it there, and you could come out and visit and just camp in the tent. There you go. And I'll I'll pull up the luggable loo in the five gallon bucket, and you'll be all set.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

So Something. I I had this I had this notion that maybe we would camp out in the backyard this week because I'm off. I took took the whole week off for vacation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

I have nothing to do this week of vacation. It's it's bizarre, but I could tell at work I needed to take some time off. Like, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

my more importantly, my manager could could tell. My manager said, Stan, you need to take some time off. So I had a manager like that once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

It was you. Oh, I miss you, John. Yeah. You know, it's we we've we've actually had this problem a lot of work. People are not taking vacation time because Right. They're like, what are they gonna do? Right? And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

I mean, there are things to do, and you can you can travel depending upon your, like, risk tolerance and all those things. We have not, and I'm usually pretty good at taking time off, but I have just stunk at it this year. In fact, our last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

actual vacation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

the February

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

when we went to Disney World, and I got horribly sick

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:41]

and Which we decided was not COVID.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

Well, we I mean, I'm just what I'm telling myself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

Whatever it was, it gassed me out for a good month afterwards. But, you know, suffice it to say that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

I I just I don't know, man. It's it's hard for me personally. Maybe this is part of working from home, but to take time off

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

when I don't have a plan to go somewhere and do something, you know?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:07]

So do you have any plan around the house,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:10]

or do you just gonna sit and read all week?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

that's probably what I'll wind up doing. The the thing is, like, my I I keep a to do list, right, of things to do around the house. Yep. It's empty. I've done all of it. You know, I don't mean to have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:24]

What? Time to start taping out the basement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:28]

I mean, I I might do some research to make a plan for the basement. I've got that, like, noodle around in the back of my head. Right now, I think it would be quite a hassle to start framing it out. But who knows? We'll And we were talking about a workbench in your garage. I can come up with all sorts of ideas for you to do things. Yeah. The the I don't have the room for the workbench. I've gotta make a major change. I don't know what to do there. Like Yeah. There are things there are things I'd like to do. Don't get me wrong. But they're they're not nothing's pressing. I don't like I don't have a honey do list at the moment. Literally, like, that that tent pole was the last thing. Yep. I I have nothing in the reminders app right now. Well, I shouldn't say that. On the November 1, gotta change the the air filter on the furnace. I've got an idea, Stan. Alright.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:11]

You

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:12]

grab the tent

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:14]

and camp in my backyard,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:16]

and we can fix my cedar fence,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:18]

maybe patch some holes in the roof.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

I thought I thought she had a contractor for that, John. We're working on it. We're working on it. Is any updates with this new guy? Is he No. In progress? So definitely some negative points from

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:32]

initial visit. I don't think he ever came out. Now, could have come out to get a shingle without me knowing about it, so I emailed him

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:39]

Thursday, it must have been,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:41]

and no response.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:43]

Okay. So we'll wait till tomorrow,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:46]

probably around 11AM,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:47]

and see what happens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

Okay. Are you gonna call him, or are waiting for him to call you?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:52]

So I'll call him if I don't have any real mail response. I don't like to be too too needy,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:57]

but,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:58]

like, any holes patched in my roof before

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:01]

the snow breaks my tarp.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:03]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:04]

Yeah. I definitely gotta get on top of that. You know, funny thing, I've I've had not it's not nearly as serious, but I've not been able to get ahold of the contractor for the irrigation system.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

I I had called. I've called twice now. I'm gonna probably resort to an email

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

just to say, like, hey. Can I get a quote? Can you tell me, like, when's the next time you could put one in? So that I have some notion of what I wanna accomplish here. Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:28]

But I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

My money is green. It works at the bank. Maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

maybe you're not struggling. You don't need that business now, but, you know, come March, you might. My money is from the insurance company, so there's that. What? That money is especially good grief.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

Yeah. I don't know, man. I am as far as the books go, I've started reading I just I don't know if you saw Roman Mars

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

published a book.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:55]

Basically, it was stuff from 99% Invisible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:58]

It's it's pretty good. I'm about about 20% through. So I I expect to, you know, read that. I've got a Star Trek book I've been chugging through. Although, I expect to be done with that in a day or two. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

I don't know. I got things to read, but Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

I I I read regularly. Like, it's not I reading at this point is so much a regular routine thing for me that come vacation. It's not like I'm reading because I haven't been. You know what I mean? But now it will be you can sit and read for eight hour blocks of time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

I think you forget that I have three kids.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:31]

They're in school. Right? Or are they on vacation too? Fall break? No. No. They're not on vacation. I don't even know that they've totally realized that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

I have the time off, but, know, it is what it is. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

I I don't even think I'm gonna smoke meat because I did that this weekend too. And as a matter of fact, I believe you also smoked meat, didn't you? I had the inaugural

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:51]

smoke.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:53]

Smokes, technically, because I seasoned the thing on Saturday morning, and then I smoked the chicken Saturday

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:59]

afternoon slash evening.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:01]

Now, this this was a whole chicken. This was a whole chicken, five pounds, I believe. So not a huge bird. Not send me a picture of the bird. I did not take a picture of the bird because I'm an idiot, and I fail miserably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

I can send you It would have been leftover pieces, a picture of the leftover pieces. I'm good. I'm good. A picture though might have been a nice addition to the barbecue revs website article about buying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

the smoker, which was actually it had your name in the title. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:31]

I did get a picture with the smoker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

Okay. Well, that's good. Well, I I think I saw that actually. That was on Instagram, didn't it? Yeah. Yeah. So I can't remember. Last episode, did we talk about what you got? We did. Or just that you were looking? Alright. I think I spoke in Luma Joe. In last week's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:47]

show notes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

Well, there you go. Alright. How'd it go? Did it did it work out well for you? So this could be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:53]

the most stressful thing that I've done in a while.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:59]

You were expecting just to cruise along, weren't you? I I was hoping. Yeah. Or at least to be in, I don't know, me not looking at the temperature of the smoker every five minutes. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

not the I'm not trying to have an I told you so moment, but I do believe I told you that if you didn't want to have to manage it Right. You should get an electric auto feed pellet smoker. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

Okay? So you were you're all over this all day. How long did it take to smoke? So the check-in took

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:27]

three and a half hours, so not long enough. Alright. I seasoned for about four hours. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

Now, it looked like you smoked a little low on the temperature scale according to our Yeah. According to messages.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:40]

We're assuming the finger's the authority here, but the random smoke a chicken recipe that I found online said two fifty. So that's what I was shooting for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

Did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

you I mean, was there any credibility to the recipe you pulled, or was it literally the first Google result?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:58]

I have no idea. Probably, it was not the first Google result because I looked at a couple, and I watched a couple YouTube videos. Finger's really slacking in the YouTube video department. We need, like, two a week going forward here, Finger. Two two a week. Okay. Wow. Wow. I mean, that means he's gotta smoke meat twice a week. That's ridiculous. He

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:16]

could talk about theory.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:18]

Okay. Alright. Well, so you did two

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:20]

theory.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:21]

I was aiming for two fifty.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:23]

Turns out that it is incredibly difficult to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:28]

get temperatures up that high in an offset smoker.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:32]

And then I should say that it was, like, 37 degrees outside too, so I'm sure that plays into it a lot. Oh, definitely. Definitely. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:41]

Yeah. So I started with a chimney full of charcoal,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:46]

and I had wood chunks, hickory wood chunks that I was using.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:50]

And I just found

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:52]

out that the wood definitely burns hotter

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:55]

than the charcoal wood does.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:57]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:58]

I was using the wood to try to control the temperature,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:01]

but if you have a bag of wood chunks, that doesn't last for four hours. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:06]

so

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:07]

missus Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:08]

actually ran out and found me some hickory splits

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:11]

at

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:12]

Home Depot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

Okay. So you got you got the fire going, and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:18]

you had to go by your wood,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:21]

basically. Correct. And I mean, the chicken

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:24]

the chicken lasted probably the first hour and a half. I was able to manage it. It was just a pain.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:31]

But the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:32]

wood splits, like actual logs to fit in the definitely helped with temperature regulation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

So once you got it up to temperature, like the temperature you wanted Yeah. Were you able to keep it there, or was that pretty involved as well? So it was definitely involved.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:48]

I kept it tried to keep it within 15 degrees on either side

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:53]

Okay. More or less. So but, like, once I got to the logs,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:00]

I got it up to, like, two seventy five at one point, and then I was able to actually use the smoker itself to try to dial in the temperature. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

Okay. Alright. Did you can you imagine doing this process with a pork shoulder?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:16]

Oh, absolutely not. I would have had to have twice the amount of fuel that I did.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:21]

Okay. So are you are you gonna try a pork shoulder at some point? I will. I think that I'm gonna do a chicken again next weekend per missus Kolmeyer's request.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:31]

Try and perfect your your, attempt to your approach rather? And I mean, the chicken turned out fine. I mean, the skin

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:38]

was

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:39]

the skin texture was okay even though it wasn't at the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:43]

three seventy five degree mark or whatever Finger told me to do it at. But,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:48]

overall, the smokiness was good. There was some bitter smokiness in the skin

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:53]

just from not burning a super clean fire as I'm trying to figure this out.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:57]

But the chicken itself, I had some leftovers for lunch today, and it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

definitely took and wasn't super overpowering. So I must have done something right. Good deal. Good deal. Yeah. I think Finker's comment about the skin was you need more heat to get that to crisp up. Crisp up. I think that's probably true. Yeah. So the other videos that I watched,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:17]

basically, they had used, like, spray oil throughout the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:21]

cooking temperature and butter, and I didn't do any of that either. So Yeah. I mean, that'll help. Right? You're basically kinda trying to fry it from the outside. Right. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

I I think I mean, you could definitely do that or you could when you cook it, just at the end, crank the temperature up, see if you can get some crispiness there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:39]

I also think you probably would be fine just trying around 300 instead of, you know, two fifty. Sure. See if that that kinda works it on out. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

yeah, it's so you you've learned what I've learned, which is when you're doing, like, a pork shoulder, and I don't have,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

I don't have a charcoal smoker. Mine's propane, but I have to feed wood constantly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

I mean, it's pretty hands on. You know? You've gotta be involved in this. And that's fun, in my opinion, the first few times you do it. There is a point at which you're like, I just want a pork shoulder,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

and and it gets a bit tedious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:12]

So the the other thing is, like, for a pork shoulder, right, if you could find a four or five pound shoulder,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

that's great. Like, that's that's a reasonable day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

I just did one that was just shy of 11 pounds. That is a big hunk of meat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

And I admit to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

to completely cheating on this last one. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

I I put it in the smoker around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

04:30 on Friday night,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:39]

fed it wood every thirty minutes to get just a lot of smoke up in there until about midnight. At which point, I transferred it to my oven at 02:25,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

and I let that cook until 09:00 in the morning. Wow. And then I pulled it out. So I was able to infuse it with some smoke before I went to bed, and then I let the oven do the rest of it. And actually, it's probably one of the best pork shoulders I've ever done. It was just such a huge piece of meat. Couldn't possibly manage spending a whole day,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:07]

orchestrating that thing. In some of Finker's initial videos, he does a version of this. He just has

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:14]

an electric smoker that he finished it on when it was wrapped in foil. So at that point, it's not really taking on any more smoke either. Yep. So Right. Exactly. Yeah. And the the foil helps kinda keep everything even and will help the the meat also through the stall, which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:30]

is one of the most frustrating

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

and, like, panic inducing things about smoking a pork shoulder, because you're like, why isn't the temperature moving? And then the temperature goes down, and then you just start to panic. Like, why why is the temperature of the meat going down? But you're in the stall, The stall takes forever. Yep. So I I managed to basically relegate the stall to my oven,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:51]

and I I I mean, it came out real nice. I honestly, I've I've probably dare to say this is one of the best pork shoulders I've done. The bark was not as, like, I don't wanna say crunchy, but like, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

don't know, hard or yeah. Crispy. I think it's crispy is probably the best word to use there. As as I would like it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

and definitely as Evelyn would like it, but the meat itself was deliciously moist. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:16]

Yeah. I was amazed at how much

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:19]

just juice

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:20]

ended up on my

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:22]

carving board.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:24]

And I let the chicken rest for twenty minutes or so after taking it off the smoker too.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:29]

But, yeah, I'm the chicken turned out real well.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:32]

So you're gonna do chicken again. Do you have plans after that? So I would like to do a pork shoulder for sure and ribs

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:39]

at some point. Those are kind of the two I wanna learn out how to do these kinda well, and then it's probably just messing with different things. Should probably do salmon at some point for missus Kolmeyer. I'm not a huge fish person, but missus Kolmeyer loves salmon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:55]

My neighbor next door did salmon, brought some over. I guess that was two weekends ago, and it was unbelievably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

delicious. Smoked salmon is is great, and it just gets buttery in a way that cannot be rivaled. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

big fan of that. Big fan of that. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:11]

Smoking adventure was good. You, you've been watching some TV, which is unusual for you.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:18]

Yeah. The fact that I have my own TV show is kind of unusual as of recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

So Well, what are you into, John?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:27]

I finished season one of Gotham

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:30]

when we recorded last week's episode.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:32]

I'm now on episode seven,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:35]

which was rudely interrupted when Stan Lemon wanted to record on a Sunday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

Oh, you you didn't even finish it? Good grief.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:43]

No. The dog actually, I had paused when he texted me anyway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

So Alright. I feel less bad now.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:50]

So, yeah, I'm in

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:52]

episode seven of season two,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:55]

which is crazy.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:56]

And so far, I really like Gotham.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

Okay. So Gotham,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:01]

let's let's just back up. This was I think this aired on Fox,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

this is in the Fox? Yep. Wow. This is in the DC Comic Universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

Specifically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

this is Batman oriented, and it first aired in 02/2014.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

I think the last season aired in 2019.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:21]

So And Stan, you me to watch it at least three years ago, if not more. Yeah. At least three years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

Why don't you give the kind of the rundown on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

what the story is about?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:34]

Yeah. So the main character is not Batman.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:38]

It is,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:39]

at this point, detective Gordon,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:42]

who then becomes the commissioner Gordon of Batman fame,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:45]

at least we're assuming, unless there's a different Gordon whose first name is James.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:50]

So it's yeah. He's a young detective. Bruce Wayne is, what, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:55]

11 years old? Yeah. He's a kid. I I don't think he's I mean, maybe he's 13. I don't know. Like, he's he's definitely not

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:02]

very old by any stretch. Yeah. So he makes an appearance. He's kind of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:07]

side storylines most of the time,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:10]

but there's definitely crossover with the main storylines there.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:14]

But, yeah, a bunch of the Batman villains are introduced

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:19]

even if they don't

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:21]

specifically call them out.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:23]

So, like, I think there's a future Catwoman,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:26]

a Joker,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:27]

a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:28]

all sorts of things going on, Riddler.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:32]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

Yeah. So season two, which you've just started, is the rise of the villains.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:37]

And I I will I will say this. In my opinion, I think season two is easily the best

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:44]

of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

the seasons of Gotham. The writing's not going to get much better

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

than this. It doesn't get bad. It's just I think they did such an awesome job as they're introducing these villains because they're kind of like all little mini origin stories.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:58]

This show as a whole is not part of the same

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

universe or cinematic universe, I guess you'd say, as any of the Batman movies Right. Or even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

the the other The Dark DC well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

yeah, Dark Knight. But even the other DC shows that are going on right now. So you have, you know, like Arrow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

and you have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

Supergirl. Fast Flash. Yeah. Supergirl.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

And there was even actually a,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

Catwoman

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:27]

or no, Batgirl. I'm sorry. Batgirl TV show recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

And as far as I understand, they are all different cinematic universes, which is fine. But again, like, this is this is the thing that DC does. Right? The the cinematic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

experience is all fragmented,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

whereas, you know, Marvel, right, there's mostly continuity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

This one's interesting because it does not take any of the approaches to Batman

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

that most people have seen. Right? Right. And and so,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:53]

yeah, Gordon is he's just a beat cop when this thing starts. Right? No. He starts off as a detective. Detective. He gets demoted for a time, and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:02]

back up to detective so far. But he's not the commissioner that everybody knows. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

And, you know, Bruce is a kid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

Bruce doesn't even have like a a hint of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

aspiration

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

to be Batman at this point. That will evolve. Right? As Bruce grows up, the story line's going to shift. He still is not ever the main character in this show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

You've clearly already spotted out there is like a cat

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

cat girl, cat woman kinda character

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

as well. And doesn't she have a very feline looking face? She does. Her eyes are kinda cat looking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

Yeah. Yeah. As far as I know, there's no I mean, like, that's that's how she looks like in real life. It's just very well casted. If she ever left, I think that would completely destroy the the percent of the show. She makes all the through 2019, so so you'll you'll be fine. I mean, then,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:52]

like, Penguin

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:53]

and Ivy,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:55]

both very well cast as well. And, like, Ivy's, again, 10 years old in this. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

Now, you don't even

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:04]

or you didn't care for Penguin at the start of this. Right? Correct. And I don't think you were supposed to care for Penguin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

Well, yeah. But, I mean, was your issue with him the character or the casting and the writing? So I think it was him the character, and he was just very

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:20]

whiny at the beginning. But definitely,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:23]

at the end of season one and season two, that switches.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:26]

Yeah. So he's he's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

definitely obnoxious. I think that's interesting how they start him out in the mob, and you get kind of that mob element to it that exists in Batman, but I don't know that like, again, like, the cinematic experience that most people have encountered, I'm not sure that it really emphasizes that. So, yeah, the biggest like, what I think is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:48]

Batman begins,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:50]

and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:51]

somebody takes out the Wayne Parent murderer,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:55]

and Bruce wants to take him out. And whoever Katie Holmes plays

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:00]

says, this is where Falcone is. We all know where he is, but he can't walk in and touch him. So that's very very gangster ish in Batman Begins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

Falcone is interesting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:11]

casting

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:12]

on this one as well. I really like the casting of him.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:16]

Okay. I really did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

He's I think what tripped me up initially is he is older compared to the other cast of characters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:25]

that's in the show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:28]

You've you've now met Jerome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:30]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

Jerome. Jerome. That is that is the individual that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

really has you thinking this is the Joker. Although, I think at this point Oh, yeah. Yeah. This season. Yeah. So he's out of the picture currently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

Okay. I thought his casting was phenomenal. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

Freaky. And I kept thinking of him in contrast to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

what's the guy from that appeared in Suicide Squad? Lito?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:53]

I never saw. Lito? Or is Patrick when you need him?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

What what is the alright. Give me a second while I look this up. But but the modern

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:03]

the modern,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:05]

like, post what's the guy from from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:08]

Dark Knight? What's his name? Heath Ledger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

Thank you. Heath Ledger, I think, redefined this character after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

the original, you know, late eighties Batmans.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

And then we get to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:21]

Heath Ledger, like, he's just over the top. I know you don't like him. That's fine. Jared Leto. That's what I'm thinking of. For the record, I like Heath Ledger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:30]

You don't like Heath Ledger as the Joker? And I I honestly, I thought he did fantastic as the Joker. I also like Heath Ledger as the Joker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

I don't like the writing of the Joker in The Dark Knight. Okay. Alright. Alright. Alright. So much nuance here. So Jared Leto will pick up as the Joker in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

Suicide Squad. I don't remember if he makes an appearance in Justice League, but that's, like, that's who is cast for this at this particular point in time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

And I think that this actor who plays the part of Jerome, which is Cameron

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

Monaghan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

I've never I've never seen him before. I thought he did fantastic though, and I think he managed to bring out the essence of the Joker

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

while still making it his own. Right? Yep. He's he's freaky like Jared Leto. He's freaky like Heath Ledger,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

but he's, I I think, still standalone. He doesn't have the elegance of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

oh, today's not my day, John. The nineteen eighties Batman.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

Oh, man. Why am I blanking on this? Jack Nicholson. Jack Nicholson. Thank you. Gosh. Somewhere Dan is having a seizure right now. You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

know, Jack Nicholson had a had a, like, classiness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

to the character in a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

I don't know. There's something about the way that Jack Nicholson progresses where he doesn't start off implicitly crazy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

to the nines, but he gets there. You see it. And it's different than the way that Heath Ledger comes across or Jared Leto comes across or even,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

what did I say, Cameron Monaghan. Yep. You know, all good jokers, all different perspectives. I I don't I actually like Heath Ledger as the joker. I like the way he was written, so whatever. But you can see kind of where this show is going as these characters are developing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

You at this point, I'm trying to think, who else have you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

seen develop? Have you met Scarecrow?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:23]

Met Scarecrow briefly.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:25]

Two Face makes an appearance, but you didn't remember that. So I must not go anywhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:30]

I don't remember that being a really strong

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

Obviously, you've met Edward Nygma. Right? Yep. And you know who that is. It's the Riddler. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

You've like, you've got the I don't even know what her Is this Galavan

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:46]

anybody in, like, actual Batman lore?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:50]

So I am not a good one to ask. I'm not too That's what I wanna talk about season two, which is just phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:57]

So they have these it's like

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:59]

Wayne family history

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:01]

going back two hundred years, and I would love to see a show just on this. Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

So I I don't know if the Theo Gallivan story

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

holds holds up in the comics. I that would actually be a question for a friend of the show, Joe Taylor, who is an uber comic nerd. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

I feel like I've just scratched the surface in terms of comic lore compared to him.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

there's some other characters like Victor Zaz,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

right, who's just he's fun. He's evil. Obviously, you got the Selena Kyle. Already talked about her. She's the cat girl.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

Barbara Keane carries over from the comics, and she's nuts. She's absolutely insane.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

But if you don't know who she is at the beginning of season one, you get kinda, like, sucked into her character and you're you're pulling for her even though she's gonna be a bad guy. She's gonna be a bad guy at the end of the show. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:53]

Would you think about, Leslie Tompkins,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

which is the, impeccable Marina Bakkarin, I hope I said her name right,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

Of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

of firefly fame.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:04]

Yeah. I really like her.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:06]

I've seen her

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:07]

in several TV shows now,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:11]

and she always has a solid performance.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

She there was a show in o nine that came out v Yep. Which I It was just a remake of an old TV show. Yep. Yep. But it it was unusual. I think that actually aired on NBC. NBC was experimenting Yeah. That particular year in o nine, had a a lot of very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:33]

well written

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

stories that they released that I think were just too cerebral for the primetime slots that they were shoving them into. And I would have put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

the especially season one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

into this category. I only lasted two seasons, didn't it? It only lasted two seasons. Yeah. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

you know, that's I think of her there as a follow-up to Firefly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

She will always be Firefly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

for me. Like, that's that's just,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

will always be my association. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

so you've got five seasons. Are they all I'm assuming you're watching this on Netflix? I am. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

Alright. You're gonna ride it out? Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:12]

Okay. I wanna know season by season. I wanna get a little bit of a progression because they do change quite a bit in terms of the, the subject and the center of the story.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:22]

Nice. So season one, good. Season two so far, excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:29]

Quick

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:29]

update. I I almost don't wanna talk about this, but I feel like I should give it a a nod

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:34]

and and not a, like, positive nod, but just a nod, which is I did watch the premier c or episode of Star Trek Discovery. Yeah. I got the text messages.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:44]

It made me so mad, John. I I I I gotta watch episode two, but it made me so mad because it's not Star Trek. It's it's just like fight scene after fight scene after fight scene. It doesn't take place, at least at this point. If you if you watch season two, you know that she fast forwards into the future. Right? So they're already messing around with time travel in a way that I'm not comfortable with. But then, they she finally, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

shows up here, and she's, like, several hundred years in the future. So it's not it's not even in the time period of Star Trek. And the only time that the jumping to the future

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

has actually played out well in Star Trek

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

do you remember,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

Enterprise, the Zindi?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

When they jump forward, they see the Enterprise j.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:30]

Oh, yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

And I think I think because the main characters were not in control of the time travel, it was actually people from the future that were were playing the they're pulling the strings on that. And I think that's the only time, because when they do it in Voyager, it gets bad. Yeah. It gets really really bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

So Let's see. What else have they jumped to the future? They go to the past a lot. Yeah. They usually stick to going to the past. I I Voyager's the one that sticks out to me. Maybe there's something in Deep Space Nine, but I can't think of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:59]

Then you have I mean, first contact, of course. Sure. Sure. All

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

Yeah. All Good Things is also a very well done

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:07]

jump to the future. There again, though, too, it's happening outside of the main characters. I think that makes a difference.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:14]

So I don't know. Wanna swing around the sun using the gravitational pull to send you into a different time period?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

Dude, I'm telling you, if they're gonna jump if they're gonna jump time, that's the way to do it. It's it's the absolute absolute way to do it. Right? First context temporal rift, that was acceptable. I'll I'll take it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:34]

So we'll see what the next episode's like. I will say that we watched the first episode of something else because missus Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:41]

is not currently watching any TV, and we were looking for some Halloween themed movie to watch and came up short.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:49]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:50]

we found the first episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:54]

Oh my. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:55]

Now you you're a big Buffy fan, aren't you? I am. That's So you're trying to get her

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:00]

all in on Buffy? Yep. And she seemed interested.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:03]

The last TV show we watched together was Merlin,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:07]

and the person who plays King Uther in Merlin is Giles in Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Anthony Hattie, think his name is. I I have a confession. I'm I like Joss Whedon, but I have actually never watched more than maybe two episodes of Buffy. That's really sad, Stan. Yeah. Was it one them in the musical episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

No. I don't I don't think so. That musical I'm pretty sure that that the two episodes I saw too, The Barbecue Rev was at my house and made me watch them, and I think I fell asleep Ouch. In between the two. Yeah. Well, Lucy would love them because it's very nineties.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:41]

But is it is it appropriate for an 11 year old?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:45]

Iffy.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:46]

Yeah. She might have nightmares about vampires.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

I think I think for the time being, I'll let her stick to family matters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:55]

So There you go. Alright, John. I'm gonna let you go, my friend, because I'm gonna go start my vacation doing absolutely nothing. And that's why we recorded today. Hey. It is. It So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:06]

until next time, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:08]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

