---
title: "Stan Lemon, Inventor"
episode: 94
date: "2020-07-30T12:03:00.000Z"
slug: stan-lemon-inventor/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses Stan's frustrating experiences with Amazon, including
  delayed shipments and poor customer service. They also touch on their love for
  baseball and the challenges of watching games during the pandemic, including
  the use of virtual fans and cardboard cutouts. The conversation highlights the
  importance of direct purchasing from manufacturers or other alternatives to
  traditional cable television.
keywords:
  - Amazon
  - delayed shipments
  - customer service
  - COVID-19
  - baseball
  - virtual fans
  - cardboard cutouts
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Okay. So I I didn't really prep today. You have at least one thing on here that intimidates me, but we'll I'm sure we'll get there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

Intimidates you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

Yeah. I mean, I think that you just you set up a high bar in your text message to me about it, so I we'll see. We'll see how it goes. But. Interesting. I'm curious what that could be because there's at least two of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

So where where are you at right now, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

So I am in the great city of Louisville, Kentucky, far enough outside of downtown so that my life is not in danger currently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

But, yeah, we are at my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

wife's grandparents' house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

So you're traveling yet again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

I'm traveling yet again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

I I think you're starting to lose a little bit of the the grounds for you being a homebody. I think that argument no longer is holding much water.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

So they did convince me to come. I was gonna stay at home while my wife came down by herself, but they convinced me that I could come down work from here. And, actually, Internet here is faster than my Internet at home, so it's been nice. That does not surprise me in the least

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

considering your Internet situation. So I'm getting lemon speeds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

Oh, yeah? You like a full full gigabit there? Well, not on my laptop, but I'm getting, like, 800 down. So Oh, look at you. Yeah. Those are lemon speeds. That's Yep. That's what we get at Fort Hap here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

Fort Hap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

So while you're in Louisville, are you just hanging up with family? Are you gonna get around and see the town? I don't even know I don't even know what you can Yeah. See right

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

We aren't planning to go around and see the town. My father-in-law and regular listener Mark Buto took me out on a bicycle here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

I made it all of 2.7 miles. It's hilly, isn't it, or hills. Yeah. So we had more elevation in those 2.7 miles than my 14 mile round trip in Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

And to make matters worse,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

lost my back tire

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

trying to climb a hill. So Lost it? Like, it came off? Now it now it went flat. Oh. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

Now I don't remember. Do you keep a spare kit with you? So I do. I have never had to use it, and it was a back tire. So you gotta deal with, like, the chain and everything. So I called in my reinforcements,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:44]

my wife, to come get me. Apparently, I didn't say that I had a flat tire, so she thought I was dying of heat stroke.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

So the, Tesla came

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

complete with an ice pack and Gatorade and water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Poor poor Anna. Poor Anna.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

So when you got it back to the house, did you change the tire, or you're wait till you get back to Iowa? What's the plan? No. So, actually, I put air in it. So I think it's a faulty valve or something that just released the air.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

So I I did that today. We went out riding yesterday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

I will check it again. I think we're gonna plan to go find a nice park and real bike trails rather than climbing up and down hills in the River Valley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

So just out of curiosity, did did Mark school you on the hills or was he also hurt? He did. So he actually rode home,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

all the way back up the hills.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

So he he was doing well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

Did he mountain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

bike though. So I don't know that that makes yeah. No. I don't think it does. Not not unless it was really rough terrain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

Do do you put air in your tires right before you leave? Like, do you check that? So I did, and I think that's what jacked with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

Gotcha. I think it's just a valve. So when I was riding, it just slowly was released in there. What's for for your bike, what is the recommended PSI to put into your tires?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

Like, one zero

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

eight or something like that. Okay. Do you over inflate or do you go right to what the what the So the tread say? I did not listen to Stan Lemon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

so I did not go expensive on my pump. So I usually shoot for, like, the one ten mark on my cheap pump.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

Oof. Alright. I'm saying, man, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

I I don't understand why I went cheap on the pump. Good grief.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:29]

I was poor back then, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

I have. I've got very different tires than you do, on my bike, but I always over inflate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

just ever so slightly just to get them nice and tight and taut, especially if I'm doing a hill. Right? Yep. Which again, I'm an Indian I mean, I should have been schooling him on the uphill since my bike is like 15 pounds lighter than his. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

So how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

embarrassed were you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:53]

It was bad, man. And I'm out of shape. He's definitely in shape.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

Yeah. But I've been out on my bike twice this year. Well, that's mean, that's all he does. Right? You actually have a job. You work. You've got things to do during the day. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

Sorry, Mark. I still love you. So what what are you drinking, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

It's a this is boxed wine. This is not lemon No boxed wine. Not lemon wine? We we had the we had the Boto Box already opened and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

yeah, I went for it. I'm assuming this is probably a bourbon that you have?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

This is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:26]

eighteen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

year Glenlivet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

Oh, nice. There was like there was this much left in the bottle. So I said, I can help you finish that off. Glenlivet's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

probably one of my that's one of my default go to scotches. I just it always sits well. Now I got I got shamed because I brought supplies to make Manhattan, and they, like, got bourbon out the wazoo, and apparently, sweet vermouth hanging around. They had bitters, so I was shamed. So I decided to drink some of their alcohol as well. Just to be clear, you were shamed because you brought supplies they already had?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

Yes. I was shamed because I brought supplies they already had or I didn't think that they would have them or something like that. So I I don't know your your grand laws. I don't know what they're called. I don't know what that is. Yeah. There's probably some Yiddish phrase. Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

We're not gonna explore that today. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

I I would I would never just knowing them as little as I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

Come here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

Oh, boy. Are you gonna is that Mark?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

It is. Is Mark our listeners, which is you What's and my up, listeners?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Hi, Stan. Hey, Mark. How you doing? Pretty good. Pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

It's good to see you, Mark. Hey, I Yeah. That's right. You can't hear him, can you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

What a disaster this recording is I gonna was telling him about how you schooled me on the hills here in Louisville on the bicycle. Oh, yeah. I was not gonna bring that up ever again. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

Right. Yeah. Right. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

just wanted to be on the podcast one time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

Well, you you've made it. You you have arrived. You've made it now. You've arrived. I've arrived. Peace out, boys. Alright. That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

was bound to happen. Yeah. I I figured. That's one of the reasons why I texted you ahead of time to see if you wanted to record before they got there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

They've they've been here. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

I have completely lost my train of thought. I there was something profound. You were talking about liquor and Oh, shamed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

What what does he say is This is what I'm here for. Knowing I make a good sidekick. Yeah. Knowing Mark's dad, the way like, as as little as I do, I would not envision him not being well stocked and prepared

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

for whatever cocktail you would want. He is very stocked and prepared.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

But surprisingly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

the only thing that he drinks is Basil Hayden.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

I feel like I knew that actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

Yep. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

I mean, so you did well. Glenn Lovett 18. You can't go wrong there. And yeah. And you're drinking boxed wine, not even Well the lemon vintage. We so the box was open before we bottled, and I don't Got it. I I wanna finish it. Last very long. Yeah. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

this box has actually taken us a lot longer. We're almost to the bottom of it. So Yeah. Then we'll probably transition to lemon wine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

for a while at least. I'm I'm overdue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

to make a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

run to the grocery store,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

actually, like, physically in the store, all masked up. That didn't go so well last time. No. No. Wasn't. They were on the phone with me. It was very stressful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

Well, you know, the so anybody that says that agoraphobia is not, like, a real thing or a legitimate concern for society as a whole is really just kidding themselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

We've we've got a we've got another big problem after the pandemic for the rest of humanity who who, like, listened to scientists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

and stuff and stayed home because now we're all freaked out to go outside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

So Yep. Some of us were a little bit before. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

yes, that's the beauty. John, before and after the pandemic, pretty much the same guy. Right? Although, you're more now. So maybe maybe we can change. So far, only family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

But You still are you still off Facebook, Stan? I am. I am still off Facebook. And get this. So I don't know if you recall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

Last time we discussed this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

I mentioned that the agreement with missus Lemon was for one week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

Right? And then we would reevaluate it. I told her, if wanna go back on, that's fine. But I just want you to do this one week. And lo and behold, she came to me and she said, I wanna do another week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

Nice. So, you know That does not surprise me. Once you are cut free, like, after you make it past day three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

like, you're you're clear. Oh, don't know, man. So so missus Lemon, first of all, posts pictures of, the kids and and I knew she had a whole bunch of, like, stuff related to our homeschool group

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

on There were there were, like, a lot of connective things plus So kinda like my lawn care group. Yeah. Yeah. And, know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

she's she's good lord. She's she's queen of puns and, like, witty humor, and I think she really enjoyed that part of Facebook. But, you know, the It helps that she gets, like, 300 likes every time she posts something. Oh, yeah. To your cute children or something punny, like a leak under the sink. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That was terrible. That was hilarious. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

so those those things, I think she genuinely was worried about missing. I think she probably does genuinely miss them, But the the reality of it is is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

when we interact with friends and family especially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

they have to be polite and decent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

Right? And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

those individuals can't just respond with some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

meme and just like, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

fail to have a decent human conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

So I it's a net Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:44]

So a couple important things happened for life with a twist of lemon on Facebook was last week. One, I did not share last week's episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:52]

At last count, I think we were lost maybe three listens. I don't know if it's due to that or somebody was on vacation, so they didn't download it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

So your hypothesis was correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

Secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:06]

my friend friend of the podcast, Angie Klein,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:09]

recommended us.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

I don't actually have it up. Did I text that to you? You did. You could find it in there if you could scroll far enough. So you may know Angie Klein as the purple pen lady.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

She

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

she made fun of me for not using liking to eat things with spoons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

What else?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

Left us a five star review on iTunes. Yeah. She's she's been just a consistent, great listener of the show, and I, you know, I think you should you should read her her note.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:42]

If I can find it Alright. How far back is it? It's not that far If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

want to listen to two friends have conversations, learn about random things, you must tune in to Life With a Twist of Lemon. You'll laugh, you'll take notes, you'll share new and interesting info with your friends and family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

Thank you. Be the first person who takes notes while listening to us talk. I in my heart, I believe that a lot of people do that when I talk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

if they work for you then yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

Nobody works for me, John. People work with me. With you. Yeah. Okay. If you say so. No. That's that's how it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:20]

So Facebook news. Didn't have any impact. I might give up Facebook actually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

which means the life with Twisted Lemon page will go inactive into the archive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

if there is no page manager on the list. So What happens then if you reactivate?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

Do you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

do you like Yeah. If you reactivate then it pops back up. But like if like my mom wouldn't be able to go to the life with a Twistle on Facebook page if neither of us are on Facebook. Have you considered a new account that has no friends but as a page administrator?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

I have considered this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

I don't think I'm gonna do it. I don't have another Facebook account.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

How many wait. Hold up, John. How many Facebook accounts do you have?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

So technically, have two. So maybe I could figure out how to get into the second one and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:07]

pull that back up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

Oh, there you go. I mean, I would you know, something. I think it's probably good to have a page, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

you know, I I I don't know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

I I don't know. Maybe I'm too sentimental about potentially losing the the page itself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:25]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

yeah, we'll see how Facebook unfolds going forward. We are still on Twitter. I've not created an Instagram page yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

Wait. I don't know what we what would we post on Instagram? Like, you'd have to go find photos every day. Yeah. We aren't really in the in the same place to take interesting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:44]

Yeah. Related

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

Alright. Shall we get on to the intimidating one here? No. This is the intimidating one. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

Yeah. Because you know, you qualified it. If you just said explain this, then it would have been fine. But you're like, explain this so that all of our in laws can understand. And I was like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

I thought it was coming So from the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

in our note here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

our little agenda so that we actually have something to talk about instead of talking about lawn and whatever we're drinking. I have Stan Lemon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

inventor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

your patents were accepted within the last week. Patents, plural.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

Yep. So Which both of which you're listed as inventor on. And I looked at some of this documentation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

and basically, I have no idea,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

what this actually is other than it's something software y.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

So did you did you not understand both of them or or was one, like more confusing than the other?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

One was definitely more confusing, but honestly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

when I looked at them, I didn't invest a ton of time into reading through and both seemed kinda all over the place. Not all over the place, but like using technical language that I'm not to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

just like give some context. Right? These patents were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

created

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

back in September 2018 and I think May 2017.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

So to say that they were top of mind for me when I got the notification,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

for the 2018 one that it had been approved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

I was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

like, oh, yeah. We did that. And the other one, I I saw I didn't get notified somehow. Like, it it was approved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

in May,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

and I never got notified. And what's funny is that's the one I cared about. Like, I was I was deeply invested in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

yeah. So let me let me just dive into these two here real quick. So the first one, the one that was created in 2018 is is called branched nodes in a workflow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

US10708388B2.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

If you've got Google up, you go to goo or patents@google.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

you punch that in, you can look it up. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

the that's totally how to describe this. Right? A workflow is like a decision tree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

You know, so you've got, like, you go to step one, and you either go to the left, you go to the right. If you go to the left, then you got another decision to make. You go the left, you go to the right, etcetera. Right? And and so each split

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

point is is branching, essentially, in a workflow. And so this patent describes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

like an execution model for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

events

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

occur in branch nodes. I don't know how else to articulate that. It's it's very technical, but it relates to a product that when we submitted this patent hadn't been released called High Velocity Sales. It's a Salesforce product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

this is if if if you look up High Velocity Sales and you look at what we call cadences,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

this is implemented there. That's where it's used. And it yeah. I you know, it's I think it's cool. You can look at the kind of some of the images of how this thing works in the patent, and and I think some of them probably make sense to the layman. But this is it's a very software y

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

patent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

so it's it's not it's not like it's not like when Apple, you know, does a patent where it's like, use two iPads to have a computer, which somebody just discovered the other day in one of their patent violence. It's not like that, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

So Then the other one yeah. Go ahead. For this one, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

you made this software

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:26]

run more efficiently

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

in a unique way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

I mean, branch nodes in a workflow is more about a feature than, like, a a performance optimization or something of that sort. The other one, the other patent is more about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

processing at scale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

So I like I said, this this one, you can see the implementation of this visually on your screen. Right? It's a it's a Canvas application,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

how it draws out. And then, you know, this this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

describes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

what powers that essentially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

And Interesting. Yeah. It's it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

again, it's Can you compare to this to something that I see on my iPhone or something like that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

That's a interesting question. So first of if I could compare it to something that already exists,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

it would not have been But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

I mean even if it's like some other way that something is being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

drawn or rendered. You you know what a mind map is. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And and you you connect like little circles, and those circles have meaning. Well, now think about it, those those circles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

actually executed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

code. Like, they ran. They did a process.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

That's the way that I would think about this. And maybe that's a horrible I'm sure there's a bunch of people on this patent. This,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

some of those folks might think I'm nuts for describing it that way, but it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

Maybe some of them have marketing backgrounds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

This patent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

I was involved in, but I didn't I didn't drive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Right? So I'm that's why I'm not the first in the list of, inventors on this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

The other the other one though, the event that you're excited about. Yeah. Event stream processing system using a coordinating spout interface. US10645138B2.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

This one, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

gosh, I think it was most of the summer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

that I spent working on the implementation of. The implementation is actually open source, like it's on GitHub.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

Any any person could go and look at it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

But I I was really proud of what we built. It was incredibly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

difficult to describe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

It it also in the in the course of this, I was convinced that I never wanted to be the driver on the patent process for something patent Sure. Again because it was it was just grueling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

But the way that I would describe this one, if you think about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

think about a log that you keep on a piece of paper. Right? So you you're gonna write entry one, entry two, entry three, entry four, entry five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

Sure. Maybe you have a log for you, and you have a log for Anna.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

Like, for our car mileage, old school style. There you go. Yeah. And so Yeah. So there's two ways of doing that. Right? You could have a separate sheet for you, a separate sheet for Anna, but then you gotta manage two pieces of paper. What happens if you lose it? And like like all this. Right? And if you wanna see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

what you're doing as a whole for the for the week or the month, you really want that on one piece of paper. Right? And so Right. You're gonna record, you know, John, the date,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

the amount of miles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Anna, the date, the amount of miles. Right? And you're gonna inter Yep. Interleave them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

with each trip. And so when you're writing software that wants to read that log of miles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

there are other systems that it's gonna interact with besides the log.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

And so when you're processing John's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

entries and you're processing Anna's entries, you're doing it sequentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

but the other things you have to interact with might not allow you to move on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

to the next log entry. So as an example, right, let's say in order to process Anna's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

log entry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

you gotta wait for the toaster oven to finish toasting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

That prevents you from going on to John's log entry because Anna's toaster oven's longer, whatever. You're John's So we got this big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

backlog of things that need to happen, but can't because they're blocked. Right. And so so this this system

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

that we designed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

allows you to say, I'm gonna set Anna's work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

you know, her log entries to the side, and I'm gonna keep processing other things in the log, and I will come back to Anna's exactly where I left off and process them in parallel without having to do like separate sheets of paper. Right? Essentially. Right. Yep. And and we we use this. We use this in in our our systems. And like I said, it's open source. I'm I'm really proud of it. We I thought we were pretty creative. It was hard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

It was probably the the most challenging computer science y type problem that I've done as an engineer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

And I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

looking forward I I I submitted the thing to get a plaque. So I'm looking forward to having this one on my wall. Cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

So this is kinda like if you were downloading

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

a whole bunch of podcast episodes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:14]

and you really wanna download life with a twist of lemon now before the 30 ones before you end. This basically will pause those and fast track mine and then continue where they left off or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

Yeah. I I guess that's that's an interesting way of looking at it. I'm trying to make my mother understand. There you go. I mean, just just think about if you have a task list, right, but you can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

those tasks all have outside things that they depend upon. Right? Right. And if you're doing a task serially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

like, you know, task one, task two, task three, and task Which is what we recommend for your productivity. Yeah. Well, exactly. But but maybe there's something about task two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

that that precludes it from being done. Right? As an example, you're doing the laundry. Task two is doing the laundry, but the laundry machine Laundry's still running. Yeah. Still It's running or the machine's broken, whatever. You wanna move on to task three. In life, you just go on to task three, you come back to task two later. Computers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

they need they need to be able to track that. Right? Because they don't have a brain. They don't have memory. They don't have the ability to know exactly where they left off and exactly where they're gonna resume. And so this this system orchestrates that in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

in a in a stream processing system. And stream processing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

is is literally like, you pipe in an event, you do something. Then you pipe in an event, you do something with it. And you can like, you interact with streams all day long. Right? If you're if you're on Facebook, that's a stream of data. If you're on Twitter, that's a stream of data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

it like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

you'll you'll see streams all over the place. But I just don't like, the the brain doesn't think in those terms, but that's how we deal with them in the computer science world.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

Cool. So, like, what's the time frame that we're looking at here? Are we talking about, like, seconds that it's doing this, or are we talking about things that would usually take an hour? Well, the the systems that we built this around usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

process an event or a unit of work in a matter of seconds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

But there are times when we need like, the the whole premise of pausing and coming back to it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

you know, hopefully, is short lived. It's seconds, maybe minutes. Right. But it is possible for it to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

hours, you know, or even a half day. Like, that becomes a serious event

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

in and of itself. That's a whole other thing. But the system was designed to support that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

So, yes, I think you definitely explained that one in a more simplistic way or maybe I'm just closer to this one, so I understand it more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

Well, you you had the benefit, I think, of when I was working on this. You heard me talk about it, and I think I think I vented to you about the patent process as it was going on. Again, it's hard to remember. Like, I was looking at this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

This thing was filed over three years ago, you know? Right. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

I I just assumed I I don't know. Like, you you file these things, then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

it's such a long process. I just assumed that it wasn't gonna happen. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

Or that I would have moved on to green pastures. Yeah. Definitely not in 2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Yeah. Right. Of all things. Of all things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

But, you know, consequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

here we are, and it it got processed. I'm I'm pretty excited about that, you know. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

I it is kinda cool. I get the I get the title of inventor and it feels kinda silly saying it, you know. But like, me me and Tommy Edison, we we got that title now, you know. That's where you went. I was thinking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

oh, who's the guy in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

Beauty and the Beast, Belle's dad?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

Oh. I don't remember his name. Yeah. What is his name? That's what I that's what I thought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

That's where you went?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

Old Maurice. There you go. That's where you went, really. Alright. That's where I went inventor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

I was I'm like, I'm Thomas Edison,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

Alexander Graham Bell,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

Tesla,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

you know, like, are the guys that I that I gravitate towards. But, you know, whatever. Great. Yeah. That's that's fine. Elon Musk. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

Nice middle ground there. I'm sure he has patents. I wonder what they're in. That that's what's interesting. So for me, right, like, does a patent do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

like, it's really a resume building thing at this point. Right. Because this this like, this is not a patent that's ever going to yield

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

any kind of Make you tons of money. Yeah. It's it's not that kind of patent. Right? It's securing a piece of intellectual property,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

really for for my employer, not for me per se. I'm the inventor, but the assignee is my employer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

Right. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

my employer doesn't go around suing people with patents, so that's nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

But, you know, I I it's I just it's cool. Like, that's I don't know how else to say it's cool. I'm gonna get something to hang on my wall. I get to tell people about it at, you know, cocktail parties post COVID.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

And And we get to talk about it on life with Twist a Lemon. Yeah. There you go. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

I Well, congratulations Stanley. We turned our video off because my internet apparently isn't as good as we thought it was, but I'm drinking 18 year old scotch. Thank you, buddy. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

in in other exciting news right before you left the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

the beautiful lands of Iowa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

you had a toy, a new toy, brand new toy. I know. Last week, it was AirPods. This week, I went a little bigger and bought a new pressure washer. Can we just can we just pause for a moment? John, you're, like, traveling all over the place. You're buying stuff. You're spending money,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

and you're going places, man. Like, I think something happened, you you've changed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

Maybe it could be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

2020 as so what didn't what didn't happen was I didn't get to go on spring break this year. So, like, it's all this I'm trying to make up for that, I guess. Okay. We'll we'll roll with that. So so tell me about the pressure washer. First of all, what what did you need the pressure washer for?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

So really what got me to pull the trigger on the pressure washer, pun intended, you know, because the wand. Mhmm. No. Mhmm. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

Now there was just mildew and stuff on my siding on the garage specifically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

I'm like, I don't really wanna go up and scrub that with a sponge or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:17]

And then I also have my backyard is completely fenced in. I've got a deck that's gonna need to be refinished here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:24]

Maybe at this year, we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

So just lots of things that I thought it would be useful for. So I was looking at them. I added one to my Amazon wish list and the next day the price had dropped $100.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

So I took that as a sign that I need to just purchase this right now. There you go. Good deal. It was one of those like fourteen hour deals or whatever. Oh, the gold gold box thing or whatever they call it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

So I So You did you did the fence. That was your big thing, like, to start off. So I have done yeah. So the day I got it, I put it together, which was super simple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

And then I just messed around. I sprayed off

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

my garage kinda sits on this foundation, and there's this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

two and a half, three foot wall in the backyard that I sprayed off. And then I did some of the foundation around the house just to see how it worked. But then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:19]

Friday Friday night, I went out and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:23]

no. It was Saturday evening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

And I did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

basically two thirds of my fence

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

and got that going. And and the picture you shared with me at least showed a remarkable difference. I mean, I, like Oh, yeah. It it looked way better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

I I think I gotta ask, did you have fun?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

Absolutely. I was filthy by the time I was done with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:46]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

yeah. So the fence was all, like, green green.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

Just I can't probably had never been cleaned since I put it in. It's a cedar fence. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:58]

yeah,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:58]

went did that. Just did the power washing, didn't do any cleaners or anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

And yeah, it turned out really nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

Looked even better after it all dried out the next day. So I'm pretty happy with the results and ready to keep doing stuff. So what are you gonna do when you run out of things to power wash? That's really the the next question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

So the way I see it is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

I'm gonna have a lot to pressure wash and that should probably be pressure washed at least once a year. I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

seriously considering a surface cleaner for it so that I can do the driveway pretty easy instead of one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

little stream at a time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

So I I don't know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

I don't know when that's gonna happen, Stan. That was gonna be time to break out the snowblower again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

I I have a power washer that has not been started in years. I need to actually get it serviced. I I have the same problem you have in terms of the house and that that green mildewiness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

and I I want to get to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

I just haven't. And it's not at least in my situation, it's not hurting anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

would probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

need to do my driveway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

I I just am not anxious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

to do that. So Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:09]

But that's Well, if you wait long enough, then, Lucy will get excited and wanna play with the pressure washer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

Oh, yeah. It definitely I mean or Henry. Right? The problem is Henry would turn it into a deadly weapon because that there's some serious bad. There's some serious spray power

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

on those things, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:27]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

So Which is very nice when you're trying to clean stuff off. What what did you get in terms of brand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

and and, like, what is the engine? I think I saw Honda, but I wasn't sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:37]

Yep. So I went with a Simpson,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

which seems like a fairly popular brand even though I never heard of it before, but a Honda engine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

3,200 psi,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

2.5

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

gallons per minute. So Those all seem like pretty good measurements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

Yep. You said you ordered this on Amazon?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:57]

I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

Are you are you still ordering things on Amazon?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

I am. See, I've I've entered a stage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

where Amazon's the last place I look now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

That's right. You had a bunch of trouble with things taking forever to ship to you. I I did. And and even now, like, today, I was looking at alternative

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

microphones just to to try and fiddle around with, and they have nothing. Like, every everything I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

I there's there's been so many times now where I've gone to look for something that I needed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

and it was it was either such a long delivery time. That that part has largely gotten better, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

it's just not available. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

what was it what did I order the other day? I ordered something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

I don't know if I can I I can't say this because my kids listen to the podcast? I ordered something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

that would be classified as a toy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

and I ordered it directly from the manufacturer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

which I never do. I always order from Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

But, you know, I it just simply wasn't available. And in I I would rather here's another thing I did the other day. I ordered a whole bunch of stuff from King Arthur,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

formerly King Arthur Flour Company, now King Arthur Baking Company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

and they just changed their name. But I I ordered I ordered a bunch of baking sheets. I ordered some new flour containers because I'm in dire need of new flour flour containers. I ordered a a bread box too, which I had a hard time finding, and I I I don't know, man. Like, the containers, the flour container, I could not believe that I couldn't find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

a decent flour container

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

on Amazon. And, you know, you can't find flour at all on Amazon anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

You can't find yeast, none of that. But I I ordered yeast from King Arthur relatively recently as well because I couldn't couldn't find anywhere else.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

Interesting. So as I'm scrolling back through my Amazon purchase back to, like, March,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:54]

the majority of things I've ordered are lawn care related,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:58]

whether it be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

weed killer or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:02]

trimmer string, stuff like that, hose end sprayer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:06]

And then the second thing would be coffee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

or I'd also got my new coffee grinder that we talked about a couple weeks ago, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

So it's interesting that you mentioned lawn care stuff because I that's another thing that I had to order.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

I I ordered from Lowe's. I ordered Weed Be Gone. I ordered the big containers, the refill ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

I also ordered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

the the Japanese beetle traps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

which I couldn't find on Amazon at the time that I needed them. And so I I don't know, man. Weird. I'm just I've not had good luck. I've really not had good luck. You have bad luck. Like, I think there was one thing that was delayed a week or something like that that I've ordered since March.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

Oh, gosh. I wish that was true. And I haven't seen anything aside from Nintendo Switches that were sold out. I guess early on like back in market, I was looking at Oculus too. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

Yeah. We we've just not had great luck with stuff. Now there I mean, have been a couple things that I've definitely ordered, but even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

like Kindle books, Stan. Yeah. Kindle books are there for you. Right. And I definitely buy a bunch of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

But, you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

consider the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

I'm trying to think of a good example here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

I don't know. I've there have been little odds and ends. Like, I ordered some batteries that took, six days. Right? And they're not supposed to take six days. No. Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

brand? No. They were they were small little disc ones, and so Oh. C

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

r two thirty two. I don't even know what they were, but so yeah. I don't know. I'm I like, right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

kinda where my head's at is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

I I'm gonna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

and I haven't done this forever, but I now check

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

other places concurrently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

Like, I used to just, like, go to Amazon. Oh, that price looks relatively okay. So I'm I'm gonna go for it, and it'll be here in two days. I've established a new or developed a new level of patience for things to arrive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

And I just content to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

you know, order order from the manufacturer from these other places. And as I was thinking about this, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

like King Arthur. Right? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

genuinely love their products. I love their website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

Maybe it's better if I give my business directly to them. So I'm kinda noodling with that and and just like, what are the implications of this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

And do I do I really need two day shipping?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

Like, what am I what am I doing that's so urgent?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

Fixing your refrigerator, Stan. Yeah. Well, that that but here's the thing. Right? If Amazon hadn't had that, I would have paid for expedited shipping from somebody, and it I wouldn't have battered an eye. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

I I don't know. Interesting. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:47]

So you listeners, let us know about your Amazon experiences

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:51]

here in COVID ridden 2020,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

and let us know if you're ordering from Amazon if you've or if you've run into the same problem Stan has.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

I I will say it's getting better. Like, I I know I'm I'm I'm being very whiny right now, and it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

has not been as bad as it as it was, but it's not great. You're an

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

inventor now. Oh, there we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

So I got I got something else to whine about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

I Yeah. You don't watch baseball anymore, do you, at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:19]

Not this year. Like, the Cubs won the World Series when I was done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:23]

Not really. It's Iowa. I can't pick up anything without ordering a super expensive cable package. So Well, now, can you pay to get the Marquee Network just like streaming? Can you can you do that? I don't think so. I sold it they sold it to the cable companies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

Man, I tell you, MLB baseball, in general, has got some of the stupidest blackout restrictions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

Their their whole model is just it's the only one that is worse than it, honestly, is is probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

the NFL.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

haven't seen, like I haven't looked at NBA or NHL or anything like that. Yeah. NBA,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

I think they've got a much better media game. But even here, right, like, I I don't have cable television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

Pacers do not. They're not over the air, and so I would have to to buy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

a cable package to get there. Fox Sports

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

subsidiaries or whatever. Yeah. Fox Sports Midwest. Yeah. Whatever whatever it is. Right? And it's like, just not that's not of interest to me, you know? I No. I don't know. Now, I did I did splurge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

for the $25 a month or whatever it is for Major League Baseball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

and my Pirates got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

just dominated by the Cardinals in the opening series.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

Oh. And it was weird

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

not seeing fans in the stadium. It was even weirder for the piped in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

sounds. Like, that's just strange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

John, it was so nice to watch baseball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:53]

Yeah. So I watched caught a little bit of the Mets game

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:58]

that must have been and it's weird with the piped in Sam's. Were playing the Red Sox.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:06]

I don't know if there were fans in the stands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

I mean, there's pretty empty. Yeah. There's no fans in the stands. Fox Fox has been doing cardboard fans or virtual fans. So Yeah. The virtual fans thing just seems stupid to me. I I I can't get past that. Some of the teams are doing the cardboard cutouts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

and what I've seen is that if you buy a cardboard cutout, they're they're actually donating it at the charity. I think that's cool. Like, I dig that. I I might I might look into that if if the Pirates are doing that, you know. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

I it's it's just weird. Did you see the first ejection of the season happened with with the Pirates?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

I did not. Yeah. This is this is wild. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

if you are not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

active that day, you may not sit in the dugout. Right? So in in the past, right, if you were an inactive pitcher, whatever, you could hang out in the dugout. No big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:51]

Utility player that was active the day, whatever. The catcher the catcher taking a rest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

They have to be in the stands now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

we had a pitcher who was he was mouthing off, and he dropped the cuss word toward one of the umpires after our call.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

And and normally, you know, they get away with that in the dugout, the umpires can't hear a thing because you get all the Right. The fan noise. That umpire turned around and ejected him while he was in the stands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:16]

He's gone. Yeah. First ejection of the season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:20]

Very interesting. Yeah. It's really world we live in. And have you been tracking this tenth inning rule? This is the dumbest thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

This is the dumbest I haven't seen that either. Oh, my goodness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:30]

Alright. Let me let me see if I can find the rule here because I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:34]

I'm just living in my own little world. I got no idea what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

This is a let me see if I can find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

description of it. This is easily the dumbest thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

I have ever seen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

Oh, you know the DH is universal this season? You saw that? Yeah. That I knew.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

I don't know, man. I don't know. Like, that's gonna change a whole lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

I mean, I don't we're not going back to it. Right? Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

Okay. So MLB

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

is set to adopt the minor league rule beginning in the tenth inning and beyond with a runner on second base.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:11]

Seriously? Yeah. So when you go into the tenth inning, you have a runner on second base. And if I recall the first time it was used, that second base runner scored without there ever being a hit on the inning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:24]

Wow. Yeah. Ain't that ain't that weird? It's just I don't know, man. It's I didn't realize stupid. I didn't realize the club, but C League was gonna ruin baseball. Yeah. It definitely didn't help it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

It from what I under I I didn't realize it's a minor league rule. I I don't know that I've ever been around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

well, first of who sticks around for a minor league tenth inning? Right? Right. Like, at that point, even even triple a, it's like, I'm no. I'm done. Right? You guys aren't In high school, I think there was a mercy rule.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

Like, if some team was up by 10 in the seventh inning, they would stop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:57]

Yeah. Well, you you need that in high school. Right? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

Right. Probably need that in college too for some schools. It's hard school.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

But, you know, despite these oddities,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:10]

I'm I'm digging it. The thing that's got me paranoid, I don't know if you saw today, there are 19 people total between coaches and players in the Miami Marlins that have tested positive for COVID nineteen. Fifteen of them are players, which is half the roster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

So the Marlins season is officially on pause, and they've they've shuffled the schedule.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

First of all, you know, I I hope everybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

gets gets healthy again and and doesn't have any, like, long term

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

implications from from COVID and all that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

man, I I just I hope I hope this season makes it. Like, I I hope we get a full season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:47]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:49]

I don't know. It's crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:51]

And this is baseball, so it's not like the players are on top of each other the whole game. Right. Exactly. Exactly. But, you know, I mean, a dugout, like, there's not a lot Dugout locker room, like, yeah. And So they're outside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

you know, so you you hope that that's there. What's been interesting, every game that I've watched, Pirates and other teams, the coaches have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:12]

pretty much universally worn a mask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

Right. Players have been Umpires as well. Yeah. For the most part. I one of the cards games, the the guy behind the plate wasn't wearing a mask, and that actually surprised me a little bit because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

I would think that's the place where you'd, you know, as an umpire, you'd want one. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

players have been hit or miss,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

and I I wonder if that'll change a little bit too. Right? Because everybody like, this gonna set a little of a whole shot. Club, basically. It runs through the whole club. Like, there's something going on there. Right. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

the the pirates have been selling their masks on m0b.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

My kids who have iPads and have the MLB app discovered that deep buried within the menu

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

is the MLB shop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

and they can get to it. And they picked out masks that they want me to buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

I'm not saying I'm gonna do that. I'm not saying I'm not gonna do that, but you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:01]

Missus Lemon can make masks. Oh, she can. She makes great masks. But, you know Yep. Licensed pirates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

fabric is not cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:10]

Fair

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:11]

enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

It's it's been interesting too. The the coaches, as much as I can tell, are using these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

I don't know how to describe them, man. They're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

they go completely around the neck and they they can just pull them up over the the nose.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:25]

Yeah. So I've seen these things and like people in lawn care have been wearing them for a while both to keep cool and to keep dust and stuff out of their faces. Yeah. It I don't remember what they're called though. I don't know either, but they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:38]

I mean, they seem like a good fit for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:41]

you know, baseball. And I think the other thing that I was thinking about is, like, when you're up the bat. Right? Like, what does that feel like to have your face

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:49]

pinned with a mask, you know, and and that motion doesn't stay on and all that jazz. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

we'll we'll see how all this shakes out. Like I said, I'm I just really want I really want baseball to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:59]

to be able to play the full 60 game season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:02]

Right. I mean, the season didn't start until after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

the mid summer classic would have been. Yeah. It's it's it's just it's weird, isn't it? You know, like It's so weird. To go through summer without baseball and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

I out of curiosity, you catch any of the Blue Jays shenanigans?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

I did not. So Canada will not let the Blue Jays play in Canada.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:24]

And so they've been looking for a home, and then they had made an an arrangement with PNC Park in Pittsburgh to become the Steelbirds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:33]

I didn't even actually wanna change the name. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

and then the Pennsylvania legislator actually told him, like, look. We we actually don't want any more travel in and out of our state than than we've already, like, signed up for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

I I don't recall where exactly they've landed, but oh, I know it was Buffalo. They're gonna go to Buffalo. They're gonna convert a a minor league stadium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:54]

to be able to support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:56]

Major League Baseball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

which they apparently have some spacing situation, like issues to work out and some lighting improvements that they have to make in order to be able to play Major League Baseball there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:06]

Got it. I was rooting for Concordia Mecca on your your alma mater.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:10]

Yeah. They got a nice facility. You got a very nice facility.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:13]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:15]

but yeah. I mean, just think about it. Right? Like the Blue Jays, they don't have a place to play. What's like, what's what's going on? You know? Yep. 2020, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:23]

And then the NBA is all happening at Disney World. Yeah. They're in the bubble, and the NHL is doing a bubble too. Actually, the NHL's bubble is weird, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:32]

Yeah. I I was reading an article. I guess they I can't remember the names of the cities because my Canadian geography is terrible, but all of the NHL teams

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:40]

are split into two conferences. Right? Or two groups of conferences. I don't remember how the structure all works. I'm not I'm not really a hockey fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:47]

I lived in Pittsburgh. I watched hockey when I lived there. That was it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:51]

But Got it. All the teams are split down the middle, and they're each in one of two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:56]

Canadian cities. And they're there for the remainder of their season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:00]

They're gonna play all of their games isolated in that area. No fans like like baseball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:05]

And they've got a whole bunch of stuff for the players, like, them isolated and entertained and food and all that other jazz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:13]

But, yeah, another bubble. And then the NFL over here is like, yeah, we're just we're gonna we're gonna do our best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:19]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:20]

They're they're not even coming to not having fans at this point as far as I know. Maybe they'll change but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

Crazy world we live in, Stanley. It really is, John. It really is. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:32]

Baseball is back. Alright. And that's that's really all the matters. Baseball's back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:35]

And you even get it over the air in some way, shape, or form. I do. I am I am blacked out for the, Cubs, the Sox, and the Reds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:44]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:46]

what are you gonna do? VPN. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:50]

That's what our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:51]

our friend tells us to do. Yeah. Patty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:54]

Thank you, Patty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:55]

Yeah. Patty Patty with the pro tips on how to actually get an Apple TV to connect over VPN.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:00]

Who'd have thought? Nice. So I'm the one with the networking degree. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:06]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:07]

John. I think I think it's time to call an episode because I gotta go see how the pirates are doing. See if maybe they they beat your Milwaukee brewers tonight or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:15]

Yeah. I haven't seen how the brewers are doing this year either. I'll have to check-in and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:19]

update you next week. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:21]

Sounds good. Alright. Hey. Until then. Yeah. Enjoy your Take this out, Stan. Well, first, enjoy your time in Louisville. Don't catch COVID. But, on that note I don't plan on it. There you go. Woah. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
