---
title: >-
  Stan doesn't want you to buy books and Twitter doesn't want you to buy
  Political Ads
episode: 70
date: 2019-11-07T13:46:36.000Z
slug: >-
  stan-doesnt-want-you-to-buy-books-and-twitter-doesnt-want-you-to-buy-political-ads/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses the decline of civil discourse in society, particularly
  on social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, where people tend to
  avoid confrontation and instead engage in negative behavior. The hosts reflect
  on their own experiences with online interactions and how they think we can
  foster a more civil and respectful conversation. They also tease upcoming
  episode about adding ins transforming mac and cheese into a casserole.
keywords:
  - social media
  - civil discourse
  - online interactions
  - mac and cheese
  - casseroles
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Okay. So we got some feedback this week from Montana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

We did through the contact form on our website, amazingly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

So it does work. Did you get that email?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

I did. Yeah. I actually forgot that we had a contact page on the website, but, you know That's because I fixed the spam issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

Oh, is that is that what it was?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

So I think this is somebody you know. Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

Billy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

worked on the LCMS task force that I was on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

the last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:00]

our church synod triennium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

So it's amazing to me that after that, he's still apparently likes you enough to listen oh, she. I'm sorry. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

She still likes you enough to listen to the show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

She is a wonderful lady.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

Probably one of the nicest people you would ever meet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

Wow. That's quite the endorsement, John. So do you wanna you wanna go ahead and read this? I will read this. As a lifelong Montanan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

I can only say it is really the last best place, all caps.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

Wide open spaces, mountains, prairies, and highways to take you there. Of course, we have grizzly bears and rattlesnakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

Not for everyone, of course, but we will not live long enough to see it all. My husband and his brothers took a week long trip around the state and put 2,000 miles on our pickup and saw only a small portion of the state.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

There is so much history and beauty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

Oh, and we have roundabouts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

So this made me think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

John, what is the prettiest place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

that you have ever been that you've seen with your eyes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:12]

So we were out in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:15]

Tacoma,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

and that's a pretty beautiful place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

We were on PLU's campus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

So not we, just you. I did not go on that trip. Oh, you weren't there? We No. Was We were talking. We were talking quite a bit that week. But, yes, that was beautiful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

Mount Rainier in the background.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

I have to think if it was the most beautiful place I've ever seen, though. Because I've been to, like, the Grand Canyon, and that's cool. I don't know if I would call it beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

But I wouldn't I wouldn't call that beautiful. I think it's impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

Sure. But impressive and beautiful are different things. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

So I have not been to Washington, so I can't speak to Washington. I know a lot of people say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

you know, they they make it out to Seattle, Tacoma, the whole area. Right? They just love it. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

for me, when I think of the most beautiful place that I've ever been, comes down to two. And I'm gonna give you the second ranked and then the first ranked. Second ranked is actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

Logan, Utah. That drive from Salt Lake City up to Logan is absolutely breathtaking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

I I can't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

I can't get it out of my head, just the the view.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

It was one of those moments where you're in the car, you're driving with friends, and your friends wanna talk, and you really just want them to shut up so you can look at the the scenery. You were with my father-in-law, weren't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

No. I don't think so. I think we were at that time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

But so that's number two. Number one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

is actually Montana for me. Yeah. And that's that's what I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

thought of immediately when I read this email because when I was in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

I guess, early high school or it was late junior high, I can't remember exactly the year, we did a we, me and my family, did a camping trip out west, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

we,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

camped at a KOA campground

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

Montana, just outside of Glacier National Park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

And it was the I was young. Right? Like Sure. You know, let's say junior high. But it was the first time that I remember being so captivated by the scenery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

that I could just sit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

and look and try and take it all in, and that was enough. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

And that's, I think, unusual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

for a teenager, but that that was how breathtaking Montana was to me. Now, that said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

we went probably a 100 miles without seeing the McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

so it is the most beautiful nowhere that I have ever been in my life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

Yeah. So the other place that kinda comes to mind now that you've been talking about it was when I drove out to visit you in Saxonburg the first time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:44]

hitting those Pennsylvania hills, and Pittsburgh itself is a beautiful city.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

Yeah. There's there's something about the crawl

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

up to the city, and then you go through the tunnel, and you get the whole take.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

And then just, you know, every turn, every hill, it is it's definitely a gorgeous area. That said,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

the area outside of Glacier National Park Oh, I'm sure. Is is still top notch. I have not actually spent a lot of time out west.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

This is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

a is a life goal to go back out and camp and do absolutely nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

Oh, camp and ask.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:23]

Park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

I don't know that you can do nothing, but I will will leave it at So correct me if I'm wrong,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

tombs also commented again this week as a follow-up. I guess I maybe, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

got gotten his good graces after my recant slight recant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:41]

Maybe. Do you have that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

up somewhere where I sent it to you? So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

No. This again, it's on Facebook, and I all I all I get is the John Colmire screenshots. But I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

if I if I recall, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

I did okay. We'll leave it at that. So here we go. Here here are the largest lemon in Indianapolis. Your definition of nowhere coincides well with my wife's. Starbucks or or Walgreens equals somewhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

Starbucks is another one, I think I think Starbucks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

there are too many places that don't have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

a Starbucks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

for that to be the qualifier for nowhere in my mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

Yeah. That could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

The density of McDonald's is just high. I think again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

you know, maybe everybody's nowhere is different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

It's all relative perhaps. But I I I like my heuristic. So anyhow, thank you Toombs for the follow-up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

Your dad also pointed out, John, that there is a 99% Invisible, great podcast by the way, episode that will answer all of my questions about the largest ball of twine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

Episode three sixty two, I probably listened to it. I hate to break this to you, Dan Cole. My wife didn't leave that much of an impression on me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

then last but not least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

my friend Joe Taylor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

commented about his self designed leather wallet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

which has a patina that just keeps getting more and more handsome. I think what he means is it keeps getting more and more dirty, but we'll just leave it at that. Got it. Dirty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

He's gonna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

But he did thank the show. Apparently, he found two hidden bills in his emergency cash slot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

So here's I'm just we're not even yet to the master minimalism section this week. I'm just gonna put this out here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

If you find money in places that you didn't expect it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

something's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

not quite right. Furthermore,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

if you find money in a place that you carry on you every day, maybe the place in which you put it needs a little housecleaning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

That's almost a life tip too, Stan. Almost. But we actually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

we have a a brand new life tip today. Yeah. This is weird because this is not something that I do or,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

would ever think of. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

So, the life tip is this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

Bring a washcloth with you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

when you travel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

So here's here's the background of this. I there are two kinds of people in this world. Those that scrub

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

with the bar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

and those that's don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

And so those that don't can either either use a washcloth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

or what are those poofy things? You know what I'm talking about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

No. The foo foo scrubbers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

Foo foo scrubber.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

You You the trademark I think I know what you're talking about. Yeah. There's a special name for it and it's not coming to me right now. But suffice to say, you know, bar or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

ask yourself, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

if you are in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

a bathroom that I have used and there's a bar of soap, do you grab it and let that touch your body?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

No. But I would Exactly. I would always bring my own soap, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

Okay. Well, and that is definitely an option. That is definitely an option. However, for the dear listener who happens to be in a dry part of the country in the winter, I will tell you that a scrubby,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

a, fufu washer thingy, or a washcloth will do, wonders getting all that dry skin off of you. And so, basically, here's the nutshell. Here's the life tip. Be prepared when you travel. Take a washcloth with you. You won't regret it. You may not need to use it, but if you do, it'll be there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

So do you still stock up on, like, hotel soaps and shampoos when you travel?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

Yes. I do. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

this this is an oddity of my life, perhaps not a minimalist thing, but when I go to a nice hotel. Right? And so in particular, I'm thinking of the JW Marriott in Atlanta, which I stay at a lot. They have really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

fantastic soaps. Now, I don't use scented soaps. There's a scented so I don't actually use them, but they're they're pretty nice. And their toiletry kits

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

make excellent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

supplies in a guest bedroom guest bedroom suite. Right? So Kohlmeyer Suite. Yeah. The Kohlmeyer Suite or the grandma Lemon Suite or the grandpa Pollard's whatever. Like, or the long wire sweet. She'll be mad if I don't say that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

Suffice to say, I keep those things handy so that we can pull them out when guests come.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

That way, I'm not, like, stocking up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

you know, soap that never gets used. I I don't know. It's just it's to me, it's efficient. But I will tell you for a while, if I went to the hotel and I stayed there five nights, each day, I would take all of the soap. I'd gather together, put it in a bag inside of my bag, and wait for them to replenish them. I'm sure they were wondering, where did all those bottles go?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

Because they weren't in the trash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

But suffice to say, I've got a ton

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

of personalized toiletries. So if you come stay at the Lemon House, we'll we'll hook you up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:50]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

So that is a great way to transition into mastering minimalism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

you, John, you like books, don't you? Like actual books. I do like reading actual books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

So you don't like reading

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

books in digital form? Generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

I would prefer the actual book. Yes. Okay. So there's something about the paper and the cover and and or what? Yeah. I think it's like holding it and actually being the flip through pages,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

take my pencil and actually underline things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

How long did it take for you to move to Iowa before you got a library card?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

It would have been within the first year because it was before I was married.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

Fascinating. Okay. So I have a confession to make. The entire time I lived in Pittsburgh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

seven and a half years, I did not have a library card. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

Never got one. I just never got around to it. Never had a need for it. And so over that time, I amassed a bunch of books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

I bought them, and I held on to them. And there were a bunch of books that I only read once. True. They did not spark joy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

I've had to part with those over time. So here's here's the master minimalism tip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

If you are an avid reader, if you love to read, and you should be because if you're not, well, shame on you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

Don't buy books. Right? Just don't buy them. If you gotta buy them, buy them digitally. But if you want to read a book, go to your library.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

Get it there. And here's a a just bonus round tip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

You know that your library will often buy books for you. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

So this is something that I've gotten the habit to habit of when I lived in Seymour. I would put in a requisition request

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

the new Star Wars releases as they came out. So I would put these in a month or two before they were released,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

such that I could get them the day that they came out. Because most of those, once I read them, I'm done. I'm not coming back to them. Right. I mean, even the good ones, like, this is not something you read twice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

Interesting. So I am currently working my way through a fantasy series that I read in high school once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:06]

Bought all the books back then, and I just finished the first book in that series again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

Okay. So how long ago are we talking about? Like, ten years?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

Between ten and fifteen. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

So you've been carrying around these books for ten years on a That's secret hope that you would start them again?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

No. I think I knew that I would start them again. Like, do you own the the Harry Potter books?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

Actually, I don't think I do. No? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

we have the first two in the big binding,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

the fully illustrated ones that we got for the kids. Yeah. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

have borrowed those from Amazon Prime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

the last two times I've read them. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

So there you go. That's actually a set that I probably should buy because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

Culturally significant. They're beautiful books if you get the hardcover ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

No. No. I I meant, like, buy them permanently on On digital?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

Fine. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

But no. It's like I will read a book in print if I can't get it any other way, but I I definitely favor the Kindle for sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

So I have lots of books, probably about two full shelves worth, so maybe not that many more than you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

But a lot of that is taken up with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

55 volumes of Luther's works American Edition,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

which I received from my grandfather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:34]

they're nice reference, like, when people like pastor Whedon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

is quoting things. It's nice to be able to look those up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

Also have those digitally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

yeah, this this set has been in the Kohlmeyer family for a long time. So I don't see me getting rid of those. That's nice. There's some sentimental value there as well. So I I get that. Got lots of fiction that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

I could probably get rid of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

I like Somebody else. Let it spark joy in other people. Right. But I have lots of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

the inklings writings. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:12]

Lewis, Tolkien, Chesterton,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

those type books that I will go back to every couple years and reread.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

Sure. I think I'm not a big Tolkien fan myself, but Lewis is one of those authors that you can go back and reread

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

over and over again and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

always discover something new. They never get old, at least in my opinion. So I get that. Like, that's the kind of book I think belongs on your shelf. But I I I do think there are people who just instinctively go and buy the latest New York Times bestseller or whatever For sure. And they throw it in a pile or on a bookshelf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

and it just collects dust. And I think those are the kinds of books that libraries were meant for. So Same with, like, business books too. Like, reference business books, but, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

glorified how to books, basically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How many times are gonna read those? Right? Like, tidying up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

Yeah. Exactly. If you can even make it through the first time. On that note, master minimalism,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

don't buy books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

So, John We've come to the point in the episode where I have nothing to add, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

Well, I don't think that's entirely true. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

Apple TV, you're not you're not doing Apple TV plus? I am not doing Apple TV plus. I did not buy a new device where a year came free,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:24]

and really nothing that you have said or anything that I've seen has interest me. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

So I did get a new device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

and thus have a year of it. So I have, you know, a pretty pretty low expectations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

going in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

I will say the app experience has been buggy as all get up. Yeah. Like, I I will pause an episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

and I return to it on the same device. And this has happened on multiple devices, so it's not just not just like my phone. Sure. And it will not resume from where I left off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

I don't know I don't know what that is. Like, what's going on? That seems like a pretty critical feature. I didn't say even feature. That's like basics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

Right? Like, VHS And that. That.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

Yeah. Exactly. So that's that's been bugging me. But, you know, set this aside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

So I think the first thing I told you about was Elephant Queen, which is this documentary movie that they made. Did you even bother to watch the trailer for this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

Did they show it during one of the events?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

No. This one caught me by surprise. I I didn't expect this to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

one of the things that was gonna be on there, I saw it. I thought, maybe this will be good for me to watch the kids. It's about elephants. Sure. Like, what what could possibly go wrong? I'll tell you what goes wrong, John. It's not made by Disney, so they die.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

They all die.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

Don't fly around the circus with their ears? No. They die in really graphic ways. I think it was I think the elephant's name was Mala.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

She was this baby. She was so sweet. She starved to death. They showed the whole thing. And then, they showed the elephants burying Mala in the mud. Mala died because her mom didn't have milk, John. That's awful. That's awful. So are these like real elephants elephants? Yeah. Real elephants, John. It was a heart wrencher, man. It was awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

So I'm watching with Lucy, and Lucy just loses it. And to be kinda honest with you, it kinda choked me up too, especially when Mala's friend, Wei Wei, was looking for Mala to play with and couldn't find Mala.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

this is my introduction to Apple TV plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

Right? It's the elephant queen. And then so the whole thing, you know, is about this drought. They finally get past the drought, John. And they got green grass and all that. It's like a pseudo happy ending. And then the credits roll. And guess what? The main character, the elephant queen herself, she's dead too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

Sounds

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

sounds dark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

It was awful. It was absolutely awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

It was it was emotionally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

like, just, like, suck the life out of you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

The last time I got that choked up in a movie was the movie Up. Yeah. That opening scene. Yeah. So if if that tells you anything. Moving on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:08]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

Alright. Elephant queen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

not for the faint of heart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

No. If you're if you're morbid and you like animals dying, yeah, go for it. Elephant queen, that's for you. Apple Minute is just for you. Whoever you are, you awful human being out there. Good grief. You know, when Disney makes animal documentaries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

they gussy it up. Right? They like there's a happy ending. It's not too depressing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

It took ten minutes for Mala to die and get buried on screen, John. Ten minutes. It's like it wouldn't end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

Moving on. The Morning Show. This one I've heard of. This is like kind of the crown jewel of this launch, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

It just seems to be Jennifer Aniston and Steve Carell. Right? And Reese Witherspoon. Steve Carell is actually a a tertiary character. So it's mainly Yeah. Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

This one, it was interesting because some of the early reviews I saw were not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

I I actually found it kind of interesting. It's it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

I don't know that I would have headlined it the way that Apple did. There's definitely some,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

you know, big names attached to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

But I I think the story is interesting. I made it through the three episodes they've released. I will watch the fourth one when it comes out. I would encourage you to watch it if you get a chance. The language, pretty bad. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

you know, make sure your kids are either in bed and the doors are locked or something. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

you know, all in all, interesting story. I think it kinda follows that Matt Lauer storyline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

if you will. I think they're kinda playing off of that that tale, if you will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

and and how that unfolded. So it's interesting. I think it's it's worth watching. Interesting. The other one that has gotten a lot of attention was C. This is the Jason Momoa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

where they're all blind. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

Kyle Drogo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

Kyle Kyle Drogo. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

The production quality on this one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

is very high. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

Game of Thrones caliber,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

high.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

The story is bizarre,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

and this is the only one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

where the mature content rating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

was not just language.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

not HBO or Cinemax level content by any stretch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

but definitely pushed the envelope of my comfort level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

The story itself is interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

It it has been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

faster paced than I expected for a show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

mostly has characters that can't see anything around them. Uh-huh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

Now I know what you're talking about. Yeah. So the the premise, right, like, the world has gone through some kind of devastating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

and people have lost their vision. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

there will be babies that will have the ability to see. So that's that's the correct side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

I I would I would encourage people to check this one out. I don't think it was bad. I I don't know that this is, again, the slam dunk that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

is hoping it will be. We'll see. Like, it's only three episodes in. Sure. They did a three episode drop on all these shows, and then there's, I don't know, 10 or 12 total.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

So we'll see how it unfolds. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

I'm gonna reserve judgment until I see the entire series,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

because like Star Trek Discovery's last season, right, had a really strong start, and then purely pathetic writing. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

Next up, this is one that I didn't see Apple advertise at all. It's called For All Mankind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

What got my attention on this one is Ron Moore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

I don't know if he's producer, director, or just a writer. And Ron Moore, you should know from Star Trek The Next Generation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

probably wrote some of your favorite episodes, especially if they involve Klanons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

Got it. And then, he happened to join another Star Trek show called Deep Space Nine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

and wrote a good chunk of their episodes when they got good. And then he also wrote Battlestar Galactica.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

this dude's got some credentials. Nice. Right? And he wrote the parts of Star Trek that I love the most. I believe he was also involved in First Contact. Nice. So for what that's worth. Yeah. So For All Mankind is an alternate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

history

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

science fiction show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

where the Russians

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

make it to the moon first,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

and the space race doesn't end. So, you know, historically speaking, after we get to the moon, we do a couple runs up there, and the space race dies. Right? Like, we're no longer in competition. We're not, you know, neck and neck. And the premise of this show is, okay,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

if Russia gets there first,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

the space race continues, what does that look like?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

And and I'll tell you what, I have really enjoyed it. And this this is the show that I would recommend someone get Apple TV plus to watch. Yeah. Yeah. And they haven't Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:55]

hasn't, like, publicized this at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

I I haven't this is the one that I haven't seen much to Sure. Which continues to surprise me. Well, sci fi is usually hit or miss no matter what network. So It is. Though, think about this. Right? You've got Man in the High Castle over at Amazon Right. Which is alternate history sci fi as well. Yeah. And that's the same genre

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

that we're we're dealing with here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

This it's a good show, John. Yeah. Like, if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

when it's all out and you wanna drop $4.99 for a single month to watch it, it would be worth it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

Nice. Alright. Two last Apple TV plus things, and then we'll move on. Do you remember the show Ghost Rider from PBS?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

I'm thinking of Ghost Whisper, and I'm thinking of Knight Rider. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

Yeah. Not the same. So Ghost Rider was a show in PBS. I I won't dig deep into this other than to say that they basically rebooted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

this show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

it it's pretty good. It's for kids. It's, I think, pretty decent content, and my kids have have really, embraced it thus far. Alright. Last but not least, not yet out, The Banker, starring Samuel L. Jackson and the guy who plays the Falcon from Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

looks to be really good based on a true story. You should watch So not the Marvel?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

Not the Marvel. No. Two Marvel characters but no Marvel universe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

Yep. Exactly. Got it. So anyhow, John, overall, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

think it's probably worth the $4.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

if you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

yeah. It's worth the $4.99. I'll just leave it at that. So how much TV have you watched in the last week, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

there were three episodes of The Morning Show, three episodes of Sea,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

three episodes of For All Maintained. Where did you find time for all of this? They were each an hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:47]

The Elephant Queen was ninety minutes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

and then my kids and I have watched two episodes of Ghost Rider at thirty minutes of pop. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

a lot more TV than I normally watch, but I did it for the podcast. Disney plus comes out next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Yeah. That's I'm basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

whatever free time I had left is gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

I'll tell you what, that that trailer for the Mandalorian,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

if that thing is not appropriate for my kids to watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

my kids might might like lose their mind because the trailers have looked amazing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

Yeah. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

Hey. So this was something I added to the list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:25]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

Twitter made some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

policy changes, I guess,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

to basically cut all political advertising as far as paid ads go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

Did this surprise you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

Not really because, I mean, like, Zuckerberg of Facebook fame has been appearing in front of congressional hearings and things like that, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

that hasn't gone over real well with anybody really. So Well, when you put Zuck in front of a microphone, it doesn't usually go well. He was wearing a suit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

So Yeah. He does that these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

So this, this had a ton of retweets and a ton of likes. I think 105,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

retweets and like 430,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

likes, which is astronomical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

Jack provided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

a whole bunch of replies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

to his original thread explaining

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

their rationale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

And then I was surprised at the responses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

some people were ecstatic, some people were angry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

some people claimed that this was somehow infringing upon free speech.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

I all fascinating arguments. I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

What do you think, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

So I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:43]

I don't know. So I still see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

these social media outlets as companies that I opt into.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

Sure. I don't believe that this is, like, something that everybody has to use. In fact, Stan is not currently on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

So I think,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

in general,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

nobody's being killed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

they should be able to do whatever they want.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:09]

Like, they should On the social media platform? On the social media platform.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

Like, as far as the companies go. Like, if they want to allow political ads that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

tell lies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

go for it. If they wanna censor me because I live in Iowa, go for it. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

So I I think, like, in general, I agree with you. Right? Like, this is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

company

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

has the freedom to allow people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

to use or not use their platform

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

as they see fit. And in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

their revenue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

stream

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

sourced from advertisement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

I completely think that they have the the right and liberty to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

choose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

who they allow to advertise or not advertise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

on their platform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

It's simple like, I'm going to do business with you or I'm not. Right? And I think, you know, maybe a restaurant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

doesn't want to do business

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

with Purdue chicken farms because they don't like how they treat their chickens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

Nobody would complain about that. Right? We'd call that farm to table. It would be an a special attribute and you could charge more for it. Fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

I think the problem here is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

there's this assumption that somehow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

there's this obligation on the part of the platform, Twitter or Facebook,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

to allow anybody to buy advertisements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

And that's not capitalism. Right? Like Right. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

that's that's where it breaks down for me. I want

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

these companies to be able to say, you know what? I don't want your money. Oh, no. I want more of yours. Sure. Like, that's a that's a freedom I think they have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

It's interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

that it's political ads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

One, because I think they're probably pretty lucrative for Twitter Sure. Like if I'm being completely candid. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

And they're, I think you we're talking about a company that's not profitable leaving money on the table. Probably not the best business decision,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

except

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

I do think Twitter has an image problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

Right. Especially with the, like, violent discourse that takes place on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

In in my mind, that's probably what they're trying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

to fix here, less than, like, we don't wanna be involved in politics, because that's blatantly not true. Right. They're going to encourage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

politicians to use their platform. They're going to encourage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

political news sources to use their platform. They're just saying, we're not gonna take money for that anymore. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

And not promote it actively into people's feeds. It's more of an opt in feature for the users then. So, like, I could go follow my representative

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

on Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

Yeah. And that's only slightly true because of trends and some of the ways that Twitter, like, bubbles up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

you know, nonpaid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

information But to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

I I think I think that is the general

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

take. You know, these platforms have targeting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

advertisement targeting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

like nothing before them. Right? Historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

marketing was a broad net that you cast. And Twitter and Facebook allow me to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

target

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

the receding hairline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

30 year old in the basement of his house in Iowa To record some podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

Right? Like, it allows you to be that specific,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

I I can definitely see why Twitter might say, you know what? I don't I don't wanna be in that game. Don't wanna allow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

Republicans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

to target,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

you know, edge voters that might

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

vote for Donald Trump. Likewise, I don't wanna have Democrats,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

you know, target Republicans that are unhappy with Donald Trump so that they might consider

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

well, none of their candidates. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

I think, like, that that whole that whole mindset,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

I I I get why they'd wanna get out that. I respect it, honestly. So there is a whole other side of this that I admittedly know nothing about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

and that's as far as, like, campaign law goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

I don't know if you know anything about how people can spend their money when campaigning, how they raise money, things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

Yeah. That's a good question. So as far as social media goes, I don't know that campaign law has had any revision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

in recent enough memory to address it. Because I'm thinking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

campaign reforms,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

have been largely at how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

a campaign

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

receives money,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

not targeted necessarily how they spend it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

And the last time that we gosh. What was it? I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

John, it had been like ten,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

fourteen years ago. Maybe I'm totally off, but when when commercials start required having the candidate say I endorse this message

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

You know, that's that's a relatively new thing, but that's I don't I don't remember significant campaign reform since then. So Interesting. Who knows? Maybe that's maybe that's an opportunity after the election cycle, I'm sure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

for the winners, whoever they may be, to punish the losers, whoever they may be, in however they've used social media. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:18]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:19]

I was watching it must have been the congressional hearing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:22]

when AOC

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:24]

was going after Zuckerberg.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

And there were,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

to me, just very interesting arguments on both sides because I don't think either one of them,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:34]

performed overly well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

But the big thing was, like, AOC

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

tried to push Zuckerberg

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:41]

into,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:42]

saying that he would let candidates

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

lie in ads,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

or something like that. Like, basically, say that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

a Republican candidate voted for Obama or something like that even if it wasn't true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

I I don't know if I completed that sentence, but that's kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:04]

that was the key takeaway that I saw there, and Zuckerberg's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:08]

kinda taken aback in his response. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

that's a stupid question. But Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

so I think I think the premise of the question might be wrong. Zuckerberg, I think I I I know exactly the sound bite that you're referring to. Zuckerberg did a lousy job responding, but he always does. Sure. I mean, he is I mean, he's he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

is He's terrible. A

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:30]

isolationist programmer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:32]

who's been thrown into this position of fame and power, and I don't know that he wants to be there. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

I he just does not do a good job of executing things out of his mouth. But I think this this argument of do people intentionally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

lie on a political ad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

is a really hard one to objectively evaluate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

And I think for that reason, it is dangerous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

to let a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

platform that allows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

political advertisements

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

be the adjudicator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

of what is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

a truth or a lie. Right? And I I I don't know that we actually want the platform that materializes outside of that. We may think we do. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

But I I I think good judgment is far more powerful than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

having Facebook,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

tell us what's real and what's not. Right. So that leads me into my last point here, which is that people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

I don't know if it's not encouraged or taught anymore or what the problem is, but there seems to be this inability

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

to think critically about an issue,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

and that's being able to kinda see arguments from both sides, see where they fall apart logically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

and kind

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:49]

of judge

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:51]

in your own mind, okay,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

what is most likely to be true,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:56]

what is morally right, things of that nature, and be able to talk about these things and be able to see the other arguments and other sides

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

that I just don't see anymore

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:08]

in person or online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

Yeah. Well, we we live in a scrolling society. Right? Like, you've got your Twitter timeline or your Facebook timeline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

and you're scrolling too fast to the next thing to stop and contemplate whatever you just saw. Right? You're soaking it up like a sponge and never ringing out the nonsense

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

because you're scrolling on to the next thing. True. I think I think that's a big part of it. I think the other thing is, like, discourse is dead. Yeah. You know? Can you talk to a human being outside of a comment thread on Facebook?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:37]

Like, can actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:39]

do that? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

think that there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:42]

at least an illusion of that happening, whether it's around the water cooler or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

basically in person in your church group or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

generally, that's gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:56]

surrounded by people who agree with you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:00]

in most cases.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:02]

And I don't think that there's tons of opportunity where people who don't think alike or who aren't influenced by the same sources of information

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:13]

get together and talk civilly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:17]

about things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

I think that's totally fair. I I think you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

probably hit the nail on the head. Right? Like, the the scope of people that we're willing to converse with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

in real life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

is narrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

It tends to be an echo chamber, and we avoid that broader

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:35]

conversation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

because when we get into it, quite frankly, like, people don't know what to do, they act like jerks. Yeah. Right? And so, you know, we divert to or we don't have to look somebody in the eyes to tick them off with a comment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

And that's Facebook. That's Twitter. That's even Instagram for that matter. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

You know, I I I don't know, man. I I don't know how this all shakes out ten, fifteen years from now, if maybe we learn how to talk to each other again or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

I hope so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

Man, I hope so. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:08]

Back in my days as a philosophy major, there was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

required

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:13]

book for reading called civility

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:15]

by Stephen Carter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:17]

And even back then now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:19]

ten years ago,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:21]

he kinda saw the falling apart of people acting with civility towards each other,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:27]

even driving down the road. Like, hey. We're all trying to get somewhere. Can we treat this other piece person as a valuable human being?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:35]

And I don't know that we see that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

hardly anywhere anymore, be it on the roads, be it at sporting events, be it in politics, be it in religion,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:46]

things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

Of course not, John. It's because they stop at the roundabout.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:52]

Hey. But you helped

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:54]

all 10 of our listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:56]

know what to do at a roundabout stand, so you're you're gonna change the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

Yeah. Right. One podcast episode at a time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

I think that's as good a place as I need to wrap it up. Probably. Kind of negative though, but we'll end anyway. Hey. Hey. Thanks out. Let's let's do something we never do, John. Let's tease next week's episode. Oh, yeah. Because we're that far ahead prepared. Well, we've been thinking about so if you bother to tune in next week, and you should because, you know, you really don't have anything more important to do in your life, really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

If you do bother to tune in, next week, we're gonna tackle the philosophical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:33]

question of the year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

When

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

do add ins

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:39]

transform mac and cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

into a casserole? If you've never thought about this, I guarantee you, we will tickle that fancy and challenge you to go places you never imagined you'd go. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:51]

to the grilled cheese episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

Oh, this this is gonna be better. And and I'll give props for props for due. This this topic idea comes direct from our dear friend and listener of the show, Sarah Longmire. So Nice. Next time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

mac and cheese, casseroles. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

separates them?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

We'll see you next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

See you, John.
