---
title: 'Cargo Shorts, Coozies, and Other Life Hacks'
episode: 137
date: '2021-06-03T14:08:24.000Z'
slug: cargo-shorts-coozies-and-other-life-hacks/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation with Ryan revolves around Stan's experience with his
  Leatherman Skeletool CX pocket knife, which he has had for ten years. They
  discuss the importance of having a good quality tool, specifically a pocket
  knife with functional pliers and a bottle opener. The topic also touches on
  the idea of gifting practical items for special occasions like graduations.
keywords:
  - Leatherman
  - Skeletool
  - Pocket Knife
  - Pliers
  - Bottle Opener
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So last night, I was having dinner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

and an adult beverage with friend and listening to the show, Joe Taylor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

one of our recent segments on this podcast came up, the the whole life hacks discussion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

And it came up in kind of an accidental way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Joe was wearing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

cargo pants.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

Right? Which probably in and of themselves could be classified as a life hack. I mean, having extra pockets, I think, is a is a good thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

Sure. Just don't talk to anybody who's fashion minded about cargo pants.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

See, I don't even get that. I don't understand why they're not not fashionable. I mean, you you wear cargo pants, don't you? I actually so I have cargo shorts still.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

I don't know if I have any cargo pants anymore. Well, okay. I should clarify. I he was wearing cargo shorts. I I just I say pants to include both Sure. Those that go down to your ankles and those that only go to your knees. So but here's the thing though. This is and I I forgot about this. Joe Taylor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

he always keeps a koozie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

in his cargo shorts. Nice. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

And he he apparently washes them with the koozie still in there as far as I can tell k. Based upon the conversations we've had. So, like, he never has a pair of cargo shorts where he does not have a koozie. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

And and I was thinking about this, like, first of all, I think that's that's a brilliant life hack and optimization there. Right? Like, you never go without a koozie. But just also, like, having a koozie with a cold beverage is in itself, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

maybe life hack territory, like wrapping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

your drink up so that it remains cold after you've initially opened it. And and I I wanna go even further. Like, this is not just for beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

Right? This can also be for the seltzers that all you crazy kids drink these days, but but also, like, LaCroix or Coca Cola, really anything in a can or a bottle that you would consume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

So all this has led me to think that maybe I need to go through all of my pants and add a koozie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

Go for it, sir. You're not not buying it? You're feeling it? I can buy it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

other things that koozies are excellent for is, like, if you have a bunch of people over and you don't have enough coasters for the people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

everybody just grabs a koozie, and then you don't have to worry about coasters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

So I have I have a bunch of koozies that I acquired a few years back at a cousin of Sarah's wedding, and they were giving them out. Right? So, like, you come into my house, and everybody gets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

a Rebecca and Joel wedding koozie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

There you go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

I I have not acquired any new koozies in quite a while. I need to figure out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

You gotta go to a tech conference if those ever start again. Yeah. Well, that that's the thing. Right? Like, all the other koozies I have are for particular pieces of software or tech companies, things of that sort. I don't know why that's a trendy gift. But because it's cheap and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

useful, and you can put your logo on it. Yeah. Like, you're constantly leveraging it. Right? Yep. To to your advantage and the other other the advantage of others. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

this this remind me of something else, kind of a segue into the food realm. We've been talking about foods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

that are, you know, regional and maybe inappropriate outside of their respective region. Right. And there was something that our friend Patty said last night that struck me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

as maybe true, but also weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Like, hard hard pin down. So as you know, in Pittsburgh, there is a sandwich shop called Parmanty's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

Yep. Right? I used to call it Parmanty's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

and I I don't always take take crap for it, but it's Parmanties.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

And and they make a variety of sandwiches, but but kinda I think one of their trademarks, and and I guess this is a Pittsburgh thing, but I I honestly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

I don't know. Like, they throw french fries on the sandwich in between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

in between the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

they're not buns. They're slabs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

of bread.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

Right? K. And they are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

greasy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

limp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

french fries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

K. Like, I don't know. Have I taken you there? Did I ever take you there recently? Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

there's one in Indy now, though, isn't there? Well, so there were there were a few, and then a couple of them have closed. So I I honestly don't even know what's what's still open at this point in in the pandemic. Right? Like, I know the one that was closest to me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

which I think I don't I don't know if you remember this. I had a little bit of an incident.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

I remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

Colts memorabilia.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

Yeah. Okay. So this is this is a Pittsburgh restaurant. Right? Like, this is genuinely Pittsburgh. I was excited to go there because it was a Pittsburgh restaurant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

And I went there and I was thinking to myself, oh, this will be fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

because I can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

a Pittsburgh sandwich and a Pittsburgh beer while being surrounded by other Pittsburgh stuff and maybe even a little bit of Pittsburgh television. Like, this is my this is my my, you know, vantage point. And so I got off the plane after a work trip, and a lot of times I'll grab dinner on the way home, and so I thought I'll just I'll just buy a sandwich. Right? Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

a Parmani's sandwich is usually pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

And I walked in, and there was all of this horse crap on the wall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

And and And by that, lean Literally horse crap. Cold stuff. Yeah. All those loose stuff. I I Horse shoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

All of it. It was everywhere, man. It was so egregious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

I couldn't wrap my brain around it. I thought, oh, they're just trying to to to be local or whatever. So I sat down at the bar. Right? I placed my order, and I ordered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

a Yingling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

Right? Which is a Pennsylvania have had. Right. Because of you. I think I might have been very specific and ordered a Yingling black and tan, which which I like. And the Perini brothers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

by where I lived in Pittsburgh, always had it on draft. Right? So Sure. You know, I all expectations are that this is gonna happen, and the lady tells me, I'm sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

There's no giggling. I was like, wait. You can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

you can't be a Pramanning Brothers without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

having giggling. Right? And she's like, you know, it is what it is. Just I'm I'm sorry. I'm like, no. It's not it it isn't just it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

So then I then I do the next best thing. Right? And I say, alright. We'll give you an Iron City then. Right? Which is it's another Pennsylvania beer. It's like the the bush light of Pennsylvania beers. I mean, it's it's really not great. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

And she looks at me. She says, I don't even know what that is. And then that's when I lost it. So then I started flipping about all the stuff on the walls,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

and she was looking at me like I was just, you know, going crazy. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

And and I told her, like, you should have Steelers gear. This should be a safe haven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

in in a land of heathens on the football front

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

for those of us who love the Pittsburgh Steelers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

What was really bizarre was that she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

I I don't know that she put two and two together, I should ask her, like, what makes you think that you can have Colts gear on one wall and then the Pittsburgh Penguins on another? And she was like, I don't even know what the Penguins are. Right? So it was like a house divided cannot stand. Right? And and so I did the only natural thing and I Of course. I went to Twitter and complained about it. Right? And Pramani Brothers had like the most corporate garbage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

answer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

ever. Right? So Yep. So I have not been back to Primanity Brothers since then, and I'm pretty sure the one near the house closed, maybe the one downtown did too. I I don't know. I I need to I need to do some some research, but they tossed french fries on, like, all the things. This is what I was thinking about last night. It's not just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

the sandwiches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

Right? They also tossed them on, like, salads. So there there were a few salads that I liked to get. A steak salad, I think, is kind of a Pittsburgh thing. I I never saw steak salads, like, everywhere like I did in Pittsburgh. I'm sure they other people have them, but I would get, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

the Angus sirloin steak salad. Right? And they would toss a load

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

of french fries on top. And it wasn't just Parmani Brothers. Like, you you actually saw that with steak salads in Pittsburgh at other places. So maybe that's a Pittsburgh thing. I'm not sure. Interesting. Kinda ruins the whole point of a salad, doesn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

I guess it depends what the point of the salad is. Right? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

yeah. There's there's there's a couple of different ways to approach a salad. Right? Like, I'm going to try to eat healthy today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

And, you know, if you wanted to do that, you could order the french fries on the side or just withhold the fries. I would say that, like, if you order withholding the fries, you get an okay from from the waitress. If you say put them on the side, you get a legit full blown unadulterated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

eye roll.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

It's it's it's different. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

Parmini Brothers also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

though, had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

a sausage sandwich. And I got to think about this, like, actually might be the Pittsburgh thing. So it was a spicy sausage in a red sauce with hot peppers on a big old hoagie bun. And I know you're thinking, like, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

You get a sausage sandwich pretty much in every major metropolitan area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

But the thing that I think made these better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

is they were cooked in the red sauce, so they were like sort of boiled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

in that regard. Interesting. Right? So you would do it in like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

ceramic dish. Right? You would put the the raw uncooked sausage into your red sauce, spiced up the way that you want, and you'd plop it in the oven, let it cook for probably way too long, hour, hour and a half, whatever, and then you would put that sausage onto a hoagie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

a flaky hoagie, right, like a really, truly flaky hoagie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

and you would load it down with sauce and peppers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

and it was a sausage and pepper sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

And as far as I can remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

that sandwich did not it came with french fries, but they were on the side. It did not come with sandwich or the fries on the sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

Interesting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:09]

reminds me of, like, a good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

meatball sandwich, it sounds like. Yeah. Like, Chicago. Oh, man. Or it's or it's Subway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

Or it's Subway. I haven't been to Subway in years. I haven't well, it's it's it's been it was pre pandemic, but I will say this. I don't know I don't know if you remember. There was, like, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

garlic bread,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

meatball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

marinara,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

mozzarella sub or something like it was it was literally, like, 3,000 calories for six inches of this sizzling sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

And and Lucy and I would drive past this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

this billboard that had just a picture of the sub. Right? That's all it was all on this this the billboard. And we would drive by and be like, that looks gorgeous. It looks so good. So we went one day and we ate it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

I had the worst tummy ache I've ever had, but totally totally worth it. Totally worth it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

I guess the question the question is, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

when you have a place like Parmanes, and and there's a segue for this. When you have a place like Parmani's, which is proper to Pittsburgh, and they decide that they're going to branch out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

and then for whatever reason, they choose to compromise their identity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

Is that is that safe, or, like, should you avoid that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

And I think in my experience, Parmanity Brothers, like, the food was fine. K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

Yep. But the experience was off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

I contrast this with Portillas, which I think actually does a pretty good job of replicating their experience outside of Chicago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

And I can't figure out, like, what's the difference, John? What makes what makes Portillo's great and Parmanny Brothers crappy in Indiana?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

Well, probably business policies. Because, I mean, if that waiter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

like, didn't even know who the Pittsburgh Penguins were or anything about beer, like, something's wrong with their hiring practices there. Right? Yeah. And I granted it opened a couple months earlier and maybe that was part of the problem. I I don't know. I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

And then secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

so,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

like, all of the Portillo's restaurants are themed. There's, like, what? Six different themes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Something like that. Yeah. They're More than that. They represent, like, eras. Don't I wanna say decades because they span more than that, but eras. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:19]

So I imagine there's been lots of thought put into that. Whereas in Pittsburgh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:24]

I imagine the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

kinda atmosphere just came about naturally because you were in Pittsburgh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

Yeah. And, I mean, I'm sure Ginsers have a have a part in that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

Let me ask you this. Do you think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

do you think custard belongs to Saint Louis?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

No. I'm from Wisconsin. No. I I know. I know. But, like, you think about, like, Saint Louis has got Ted Drews. Right? And it's like it's a custard forward place, and I would never think to tell anybody don't eat custard in Saint Louis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

So is that not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

a regional food?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:06]

I would say no. Custard probably isn't a regional food. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

I don't know, John. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

I I think the more we dig into this, the more confused I am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

I I just So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:20]

you can get really good milkshakes at some places,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

but you wouldn't count out all other places that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:26]

they might have a good milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

Did custard originate in Saint Louis? I don't know where it originated. I was at like, that would actually be a great Gotta be a dairy state. Probably. Probably. That'd make a great docuseries, like The Origins of Custard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

and and then a brief history of it. It'd great if you did way too lazy to do this kind of research for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

when I when I find my next sidekick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

Part of job It'll listing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

Must be willing to do deep and personal research on certain dairy products.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

how's the dog doing, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

The dog is doing fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

You've had some adventures in pet ownership recently though, haven't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

I have. I was thinking, did that dog have worms?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

Like, months ago. Oh, I thought that was still an ongoing thing. And then you I thought you had a whole bunch of drama with the dog when the house was getting repaired.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

Oh, sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

Not really drama. Just had to put the dog outside on the deck so that he didn't bug the contractors or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:37]

walk up against wet paint, things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

So he went out on the deck and barked whenever he saw somebody walk past,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:47]

which is odd because he doesn't really bark that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

My

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

dog barks when the doorbell rings, and I don't like, even when she hears the Ring app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

chime that we have, it's very bizarre because I I never know what she's like, does she think she's doing? She's a total total wuss, you know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

I currently have no doorbell again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

So But how do you not have a doorbell? We put one I thought we put one on. No. We didn't put one on, but I set you up for success to put one on. You did. And then this big storm came through on August 20, and it no longer works. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

Wait. It's it's not just a battery thing or something?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

It I don't know. So we went cheap on this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

wireless doorbell, and it didn't work well anyway. Like, I'm pretty sure it was on the same frequency as one of the neighbor's garage door openers. So it would, like, randomly go off at 11:30 at night.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

yeah, after the derecho blew the actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

doorbell off of the house, I just haven't put it back on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

Okay. I don't think I've ever heard this bit of El Derecho. So the it was sheared off the front of the house on on the door frame, and Yep. And you found it where?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

I was just down, like, behind the bush that's next to my front door. Man. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

Well, so then you don't have Taliesin trained to go bananas with the the doorknob, basically, is what you're saying.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

Right. K. So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:24]

he really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

loves people and wants everybody to say hi to him. So he kinda just sits at that big picture window in the front of my house and, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

tails goes crazy whenever the mailman comes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

He just kinda sits there and watches them. Then he thinks they're going around the house, so he'll run to the back when he can't see them anymore and then yeah. Has has that tail knocked over anything of importance yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

Not that I know of. I don't think that anything has broken. No beers have gotten dumped over or anything like that? Oh, there was something or something in the basement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:00]

It might have been beer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

like beer can or something. Okay. Alright. Interesting. Yeah. It's dangerous, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

you had listed on our note. I believe this is from a listener.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

I I don't know. Do you remember who submitted this? Just adventures in pet ownership.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

Maybe it was Angie Klein.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

Oh, okay. Alright. So I was I was thinking about this, like, kind of adventures do I have? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

I think the the best one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

I can come up with is not my current dog, but my previous dog. Maybe you've heard this story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

When so we we got married, and, like, two months later, we adopted a standard Schnauzer named Ivan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

The Terrible. Ivan the Terrible. Yeah. And, you you know, that dog had some trauma. Right? And we we worked through that trauma together. It was an adventure. But like all animals, right, he loves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

or loved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

food and would just sell his soul to the devil for anything he put in his mouth. And one day, we were having, like, I don't know, it was, like, pork ribs or something. I don't even remember what it was now. And Sarah tossed him, like, a big bone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

the bone disappeared.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Like, it's just it's just gone. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

And so it was large enough that I was, like, genuinely concerned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

this could hurt the dog. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

you know, Sarah's like, well, this we always did this on the farm back at the house. Like, we just tossed dogs whatever left of bones we had, and, you know, she would also say stuff like, we had all kinds of dogs growing up. They would show up one day, and then suddenly they'd go for a walk, and they'd never come back. You know? And I guess somewhere in between there, they gave him the bones. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

so I took the dog to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

the vet, and this is like my first time going to this vet. I'm I'm a young guy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

level intimidations to the roof. Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

I am not well-to-do by any stretch. Like, we just got married. Like, there's not a lot of money in the bank. And I take this dog in, and, you know, I'm describing what happened,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

and that this this vet, without missing a beat, blurts out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

You think those dogs just walked away? They probably died in the middle of a field because they were being given, you know, bones that they were choking on. I was like, holy Moses. Right? So so then we had to do x rays, which were stupid expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

Yeah. And we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

weren't entirely sure if the bone was in there or not. And in order to encourage it to pass,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

he told us to give the dog mineral oil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

every day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

the way that comes out of a dog's body is is truly disgusting. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna relive it on the podcast here because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

we wanna keep our clean rating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

but it was so traumatic. And, of course, I got home, and I'm like, I didn't give this dog the bone. Right? Like, I I didn't have dogs growing up chewing on bones and dying in the middle of fields as a kid. But nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

I I took the shrapnel for it and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

don't think that vet ever looked at me like I wasn't a joker after that either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

fair. So for our listeners at home,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

do not give dogs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:07]

real

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

bones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

I I would say don't give them human food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

in general. There's one exception to this. Right? So if there is a food that you personally do not like and you have verified

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

on the Googles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

that it will not kill the dog, that's a very important thing because I've learned recently that there are a lot of foods for humans that do not translate well into the canine digestive system. But if if you don't like it and it's safe for the dog and somebody that you love dearly and want to annoy does like it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

start giving it to them when they're not looking. K? Because then that dog will annoy the person whom you love dearly all the time for it, and that is a truly wonderful thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

So what food was this, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

I am not going to divulge my secrets, John. I don't know who's gonna listen to this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

But listen, you got it, like, in life, well, there's so many things. You gotta play the long game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

Right. So Alright then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:06]

Now, so you mentioned

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

so Taliesin

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:09]

caught got some parasite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

Starts with a g, and I would remember. She got to deal with all the vet stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

But, yeah, that was not great as far as having a puppy and having to go out every hour all night

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

when it was cold outside still.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

So I tell you what, every time it's cold, it reminds me that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

I should never gotten a dog or at least gotten a dog that knows how to take itself out, do its business, and come back. Right. Because my dog I don't know about your dog. My dog, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

takes forever outside. Right? Like, thinking about life, contemplating all these things. It's so bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

Finding sticks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

being scared of shadows. Oh, yeah. Barking at the neighbor's dogs who are, like, 10 times her size. Right? Like like, they literally could swallow her whole, and she's out there suddenly with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

confidence that she she likes everywhere else. Actually, here's here's another thing for you with Dax. So I don't I don't like dogs on my my furniture at all. I just, like, it irritates me deeply.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

I I think I learned that from Ivan. I think Ivan taught me that I don't want animals on my on my furniture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

Subsequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

we were great for the first six,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

seven years of Dax's life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

And that whole saying that you can't teach old dogs new tricks is absolutely not true because at some point in the pandemic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

encouraged that dog up onto the couch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

to, like, sit on my lap. Right? And that Dax is not a lap dog. She's 42 pounds. Like, she's got no business being on my lap, but we did that. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

her world, that was a free pass

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

onto the couch. And the kids and missus Lemon know that this drives me absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

bonkers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

And so now they proactively invite her up to the couch. Right? Right. Which alright. It is what it is. But you know what seat that Dax likes the most?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

Yours. Mine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

Mine. And if I get up to, like, go refill my water cup, John, she will move over into my spot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:14]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

Taliesin

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:20]

get my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

sandals

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

that are by the door so I can just quickly put them on when I have to take the dog out. Oh, that's cute. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:28]

then they end up all over the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

So Yeah. But I mean, does she brings them to you though? Like normally?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

Occasionally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

Yeah. Bring them to me and then See, that's a neat trick, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

I guess. It would be better if it was beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

If you okay. Listen. If you figure out how to train a dog to get beer, I may have a was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

that a movie? Shooter or something like that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

Shooter, I think. You are Main character at a dog. Asking the wrong guy, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

I have no idea. I've never Daniel Sanchez knows. Oh, He's probably yelling at the at the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

whatever it is he listens to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

So do you think he's a car listener and like he's he looks like an angry driver? Do you think it looks like road rage when he's listening to us? No. I I think he listens while working. Oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

Gosh. I hope he doesn't answer the phones at the office. That could end badly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

Onto another topic here, little little bit of Apple chatter. Did you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

see this Apple Family card thing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

No. But did you tell me something about that it was coming? Probably. I mean, I I I I blog about this. I'm just curious if this shared accounts or something like that. Well, you can you can share owners, like, have multiple owners to a card. I'm just curious if you with your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

resistance to all things new,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

if this would change your perspective

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

Apple Card.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

I haven't looked into it enough, but, like, right now, I don't have anything that's broken that I'm trying to fix. So I'm not looking for solutions to nothing. Okay. Alright. So, apparently, I can't use this until July because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

we we have two separate cards and to merge them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

that feature is yet coming. But new cards Mhmm. Can have shared owners. I'm I'm telling you, man, I I think there's a chance I could go all in on the Apple Card at that point. I really do love the experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

Yeah? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

You don't use your phone though. By the way, any news on new phones? Any updates there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

No. You told me to wait.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:37]

At this point, wait until the next one's released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Yeah. But when do you listen to me, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

Well, usually when you're telling me to spend money, I don't listen. But otherwise, I listen fairly often.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

Alrighty. What else do we got? I'm trying to think what else is going on. Do you have a bottle opener on your keychain?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

I see. I I need to I need to qualify this. I don't normally keep my keys on me, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

Alright. Because you have a little hook by the door. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

my car's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

key ring has a bottle opener.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

The van's does not. But to, like, further expand this, right, like, go over to, say, Joe Taylor's house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

and I drive my car, so I have something to open a bottle with. At the house here, we have a bottle opener on the wall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

near the sink, so that that also probably mitigates it. Is this a is this a, like, a channel? This would be this would be another life hack or life tip,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

and I guess that makes sense. Like, if you're at your own house, you probably have other bottle opener options. But if you're sitting around a fire at somebody else's house,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

you'll probably need a bottle opener. Yeah. And you don't wanna you don't wanna go down the path of, like, doing stupid things, like, with your wedding band and stuff, which I I've I've seen done, I've tried to do. It doesn't ever work out well. But I but here's here's the thing. Regardless of whether or I have my keys, I always have my pocket knife, right, which does have a bottle opener on it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

I don't know. I have like, carrying a bottle a pocket knife, this this has a pair of pliers on it too, which I really like. This is for for those that are following along at home, this is a Leatherman Skeletool

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

CX that I bought probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

ten years ago. It has replaceable or interchangeable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

screwdriver bits that can be reversed. It holds actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

technically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

four bits

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

all at once. So I've got two flatheads and two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

hexes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

and I love it. But it's got a it's got a bottle opener, and that was very, very important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

How often do you use the knife on that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

don't know. Every other day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:49]

And you've had it for ten years? Had had to replace it? Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

I mean, I sharpen it, but, yeah, no. I haven't had to replace it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

Why? What would have happened to it that I would have to replace it? I don't know. Usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

pocket knives just don't last that long. Why don't they last that long? Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

you either lose them or you use it enough that the blade no longer does anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

Oh, but then you sharpen it and it does something again. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

Maybe. If it's well made and can actually be sharpened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

What? Oh, okay. Well, I don't know what pocket knives you're buying. So I have Cheap ones, Stan. Apparently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

the other pocket knife that I have in my my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

workbench outside of my my tool chest, rather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

is a Buck pocket knife that I bought probably when I was 13.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

That still works. Nice. Now that's not as hardy of a blade as my Skeletool, but I think, you know, Leatherman makes a good makes a good pocket knife. You need to send links to this so that I can link them in the show notes. I I wonder if you can still buy this though. That's the thing. Like, this has been around for so long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

How do you gotta think they come out with new models. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Let's see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

Leatherman.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

Yeah. Wow. Look at this. Ordered on 03/24/2010.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Sorry. Couldn't find that page. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

it doesn't work. But I'll see if I can find something similar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

I don't know, you know, for for as willing as I am to buy new stuff, I've just not had a reason to replace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

this. I don't this says this Yeah. Was mean, it's working. $80. I don't remember spending $80, but maybe I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

I can't imagine you spend $80 for a pocket knife. Probably not. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

You should though, John. I think pocket knives are one of those things that you just wanna have a good one of. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:35]

Also, if you have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:37]

somebody who's graduating

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:38]

from high school or college,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

that would make an excellent graduation gift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Like a good practical one. I think I think a lot of times people tend to buy these pocket knives that are overloaded with with tools. None of them are actually good quality tools.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

I think, again, if you link to this, people can see what this is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

I I just think this is a good robust

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

tool. Like, the pliers are actually usable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

which is a big deal because, you know, the pliers on a normal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

pocket knife are so puny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

These are good pliers. I use those pliers quite a bit too, but the knife I mean, I'm constantly opening Amazon packages with these or or even letters. I open letters. Probably not supposed to cut paper with a pocket knife, but whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

alright, John. I think I think that's a lot of content right there, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

Until next week. Until next week, my friend. This is Stan Lemon. Ryan, you help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

Go get a vaccine.

