---
title: The Inklings of Stan and Jon
episode: 122
date: 2021-02-18T14:57:31.000Z
slug: the-inklings-of-stan-and-jon/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode, Stan discusses his new MacBook Air, an instant-on feature,
  and upcoming iPhone 12 Pro Max, while also reflecting on how he prepared for
  Lent last year, including giving up food and focusing on penitence. The
  conversation delves into Stan's personal experiences with technology and
  spirituality during the Lenten season.
keywords:
  - MacBook Air
  - instant-on feature
  - iPhone 12 Pro Max
  - Lent
  - penitence
  - Christian tradition
  - fasting
  - digital device usage
  - spiritual practices
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

This is life with a twist of lemon episode 122

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:05]

take two. Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

Wait. Are we starting from the beginning?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

Yeah. We're starting from the beginning. Listen. I okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

We had thirteen minutes of great content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

We did and that that can make a b roll that you can release whenever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

So so dear listener, if you're wondering what the heck is going on, about what would you say, three hours ago? Yeah. Until two hours ago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

Yeah. We attempted to record Life With a Twist of Lemon, and we had a just engaging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

thirteen minutes about winter weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

And in the midst of it, John Colmire's internet disappeared.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

Completely died.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

And then I had stuff to do. So you you missed your opportunity there, and here we are now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

several hours later

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

doing take two. Take two. Now I gotta figure out how to incorporate the thirteen minutes of content that we have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

No. Look. I'm telling you. Just take what we have and make a b roll. It'll just abruptly stop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

and and people can be left in in wonder and amazement at what happened. Where would the conversation have gone had the Internet not disappeared?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

Well, I was talking about freezing pipes and thinking about, do I have any pipes on outer walls here in my house?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

And and I mean, three hours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

Have you come up with a good galooza? I'm pretty sure the kitchen sink has pipes on the outer wall. So it must just be insulated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

That's usually that's usually where they put them. So I I wanna talk about though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

in the course of this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

the the most revealing thing to me was the name of your home network.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

Yeah. I guess this this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

is very timely for use because aren't you working your way through Narnia or did you finish? I am working my way through Narnia. I have thoughts. I'm actually I'm going much slower than I expected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

I'm I'm trying to savor it a little bit. But John, what is the name

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

of your home network? The name is Care Paravelle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

I am so glad you said that out loud because I didn't know how to pronounce it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

Okay. And John, what is Kaer Paravelle?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

It is the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

seat of the high kings and queens of Narnia.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

It's a it's a castle. Right? Like, it's Care. It's and it's it's it's on the it's on the shore. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

Yeah. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

Care Care Paraval,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

does it first appear in the Lion Witch in the Wardrobe? I believe so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

Yeah. Probably the tail end there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

it's definitely then appears, you know, following.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

I had no idea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

that you named this your home network after Care Paraval.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

And so I got a genuine kick out of seeing that your what is this? This is a screenshot from Arrow? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

They're not This is what use for your mouse routers. Arrow? Arrow. Yeah. It's I was supposed to say Arrow. I don't know. Arrow. Arrow. Whatever. Come on. I'm from Chicago. Everything's a a. So that's the app that told me my Internet was down completely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

Yeah. Everything says offline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

but I was online rejoicing in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

So there's a story behind this because our listeners probably don't know this, but I have a degree in IT networking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

So I was the default home network setter upper for my parents' house when I was in school.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

SSID that I chose for them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:57]

was Isengard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

Hold hold up. Hold up. My mom's gonna listen to this and wonder what SSID is. The Wi Fi name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

The Wi Fi name that you click on that most people just leave it set to AT and T random

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

I I I do I do not. I'm not as clever as yours. Do you know what mine is? What is yours? Lemonland? Lemonland.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

Yeah. And it has it has been for fifteen years. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

my parents

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

is Isengard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:28]

from Lord of the Rings, and Isengard is where Saruman is. It means Iron Fortress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

And because I was a networking student,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

security minded, I thought that the great thing to call my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

my Wi Fi name was Iron Fortress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

And Alright. Is there is there any reason you chose a bad guy, though? I didn't choose a bad guy. I chose a place. He wasn't always bad. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

But alright. Come on now. He wasn't. Come on. He was during the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

but, like okay. So which is which is like the bulk of things. So I Isengard does not have like a positive vibes. Right? Like, you could have called it Gondor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

I guess, but that doesn't mean Iron Fortress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:14]

Okay. Go on. So anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

Isengard, I think no. I think they've changed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:20]

service providers and got a new modem, it's not called that anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

But when I moved out, got my own apartment, my own WiFi network,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

I named it Baradur,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

which you might know, but just people who've watched Lord of the Rings, I don't think they know that the Tower Of Sauron is called Baradur.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

It's the one with the I. It's the one with the I. Right? Sauron yeah. Sauron is the big I, the yellow I. I could have called it but I just thought that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

Isengard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

and I think that just the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

the brother tower

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

made a good WiFi name. So it was Baradour for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Okay. But you've shifted now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

authors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

and worlds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

You've left Middle Earth. I've stayed within within the Inklings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

Okay. But but you you are now in Narnia How in Narnia? Paraval.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

Which is also a fortress. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

Yeah. Okay. I'm sticking with the theme.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

I I love it, Jack. Should I tell you what my WiFi password is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

No. Let's not do that on the podcast, please. Because then you have to change it. I'm sure it's fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

So you you alluded to I've been been reading the Chronicles of Narnia. We actually had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

I think, a long exchange and a debate that involved missus Lemon about what order to read them in. That's right. This was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

so much more controversial than I expected and I I should That's because He explained that. CS Lewis gave the wrong answer of which order it should be read in. Oh, my word. So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

here's here's I gotta show my cards here. I thought that I had read all of these and and maybe I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

But if I did, was twenty plus years ago, and I don't remember anything but The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

And and I think there's a couple reasons for that. One is I'm pretty sure that I made my kids listen to The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

on a recording while we were driving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

But also, as a kid in in public elementary school,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

we had, like, two videos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

k,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

that that popped in the VHS player. So if we had, like, a downtime or, like, you know, they for whatever reason, the teachers didn't wanna teach. It was it was either going to be Ricky Tiki Taffy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

or it was gonna be I think that was his name. He was the there's a little little furry critter that was, like, attacked the snake. Anyhow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:46]

did not watch that in high school. Or it was gonna be the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. So I have seen the old cartoon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

version

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

so many times. I I can't even tell you. Not even the old live action one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

No. I don't know that I've ever seen the live action one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

Ricky Ticky Tavy, t a v I. There we go. It's a short story in an 1894 anthology of The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

And there's a cartoon of it, and I've seen it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

way too many times to count. It's it's actually probably embarrassing. It was made in 1975.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

Alright then. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

subsequently, I don't know that I've I've read these before. Don't recall them. Like, they're not they're they're just I feel like I'm reading it for the first time and it's new. It's actually a pretty wonderful experience. My kids have all read them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

Before I approach this, though, here's what I thought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

non chronological

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

order meant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

I thought it meant that you started with The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe, you read them all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

the way through, and then you read The Magician's Nephew. Mhmm. I did not realize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

that The Horse and His Boy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

is the odd duck out in there. Right? I guess the void

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

yeah. No. No. The horse and his boy. Yeah. So you swap horse and his boy and magician's nephew.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

I you sent me an interesting article that debated, like, the the pros and cons of this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

and my wife told me

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

vehemently that I should go in chronological order. Right? Which is what she said CS Lewis also said to do. But she did. But CS Lewis didn't always remember what he wrote even though he remembered everything else that he read. So Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

and what what what clicked for me was when you said

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

that if you if you start with the magician's nephew,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

you have characters that he assumes you already know about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

but you won't get to later. Like, in fact, in the text, it says, Aslan, who you already know everything about. And that's the first time he's mentioned if you read it chronologically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

Yeah. So so I decided to follow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

brother John's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

direction here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

However

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

however, that that comment that you made has stuck in my head. And then here I am reading The Silver Chair and it references The Horse and His Boy, and I have no idea what he's talking about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

Yeah. It actually it has the title, and it's in italics and everything. So it's like it's like referencing the book. Interesting. John, I am not done you reading in my order? What order did I say? I am reading your order. I am reading your order. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

So I I read the voyage of the Dawn Treader. What did you think of voyage of the Dawn Treader? Because that is arguably my favorite one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

Oh, interesting. I was lukewarm on it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:36]

Master and commander

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

burned you out on all things nautical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

No. It wasn't that. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

well, I don't know. Reap it cheap is awesome. Right? Like Like Reap it Reap it cheap is baller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

he's got a I think a really special ending.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

The thing I struggled with for the longest time is I wanted to punch Eustace in the teeth so hard. Isn't that awesome?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

The first It sort of is the first line of that book. Do you remember the first line?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

Was it's about Eustace. Right? What is it? There was a boy who was named Named Eustace. Scrub,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

and he almost deserved it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

I I wanted to punch him in the teeth. He made me think of Dudley from Harry But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

like a smart Dudley. Smartish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

We'll we'll go with that. We'll go with that. What I'm realizing in the silver chair is that there is a lot about Eustace on that trip that we don't know yet. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

And so so I'm I'm trying to read the the silver chair through that lens at the moment. This might be why missus Lemon does not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

or like, why she doesn't care for the silver chair because she read The Horse and His Boy first. I don't know. I haven't read The Horse and His Boy yet, so I I I get there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

I think the thing though, I didn't really care for the pivot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

with him so rapidly when he became a dragon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

I don't know. It's it was good. I enjoyed it. I think the thing that that has has clicked for me is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

in this series,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

you had the lion and the witch and the wardrobe, and then you had the rest of it. Right. Like the the caliber of that book

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

is just unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

It is such a really great book. I really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

I could sit and just read it over and over. So when you get to The Magician's Nephew

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

and The Last Battle, I think that you'll have those same feelings about those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

Okay. Now, missus Lemon has told me that The Magician's Nephew is her favorite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

So I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

I'm excited to get there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

I so far, I'm enjoying the horse and his boy. I and and by the way, the the Voyage of the Dawn Treader, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

thought had a fantastic start, like, it was really engrossed. I had a harder time staying with it in the middle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

strong end.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

Too much, like The quality is like Homer in the middle there, going to different islands and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

Yeah. That might be, like I I felt like it was a little meandering, you know? But but and I I give this critique with the caveat that this is still Yeah. They're a really fantastic book. There's not a bad book in the series.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

He's he's just got such a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

a way of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

he writes very clearly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

and at a at a level that, like, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

to contrast it with Tolkien. Right? Like, Tolkien, you got to have a lot of mental ram in order to process.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

And if you can't keep this in ram, then you you're gonna be disadvantaged as you go through the book, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

Lewis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

is just he's he's awesome. I I I I totally dig it. So I did actually here's a funny thing, you might get a kick out of this. I made an Aslan reference to a coworker today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

so so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

he this this this buddy pops up on a Google Meet, and he's using the background replacement setting, right, where you could put whatever background you want, and he has the Windows 95

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

default background. You remember that with, like, the meadow and the blue sky? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

It's just it was lovely. It was absolutely beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

And and suddenly, the engineers all start talking about it, and I messaged him, I said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

that's where Aslan is from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

Like, in my mind, that's that's what it is. Right? They talk about this beautiful place. That's where Aslan is from. The Windows 95 background.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:24]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

Chronicles of Narnia is written as children's books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

The Hobbit was also written as a children's book.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

But both of those I think The Hobbit is probably more like middle school these days.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

Yeah. But both of those,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

as you read them throughout your life, like Narnia, I still pick up new things every time I read it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

He has he's got a fascinating way of packing in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

subtle connected details.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

What I appreciate about it is the amount of geography

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

that I'm given is so much less than Tolkien. Tolkien lamppost is. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

I know where the lamppost is. That's important. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

where where I'm at now, I'm probably about halfway through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

the silver chair,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

mean So the silver chair is probably the headiest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:21]

There's also some great characters and some great lines in there too, Like, the whole,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

repeat the signs, remember the signs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:29]

thing. That's my favorite part of the book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

I am though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

heartbroken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

that I am in this book and don't have Lucy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

Like leaving those characters behind is gut wrenching. Yeah. And I think I think that's maybe that's why the Don Treader

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

doesn't sit well in in my in my gut. Right? Like Because of that heartbreaking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

behind. That heartbreaking conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

Well, you know, the you gotta love you gotta love how it wraps up. Right? Ripacheep and Edmund and Lucy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

and then Aslan and and Eustace. It's just it's good stuff. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

read did they make that did they make that one into a movie? Voyage of the Entrere, yes. I think that was the last one they made.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

Is it terrible? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:18]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

I I will say, and you can you can mark my words on this. I want

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

a painting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

of the Dawn Treader in my living room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

I absolutely want that. If I could find a background for my computer, I'd go forward to yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Totally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

How did we get in this? It was your Internet. Cara Pavil. Yes. That's how we got here. Yeah. Sixteen minutes late.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

on the same front, I have been watching

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

Lord of the Rings. Very slowly, I understand. And you weren't even watching the extended versions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

I'm not. You're you're right. I'm I'm taking it in small doses because I'm really trying to focus on what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

It's been fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

the first time I went through this, we talked about it on the podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

I believe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

Right? Because I I made jokes about your little Hobbit movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

I was not invested,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

I am very much so now because I've read I've read the books. I put in Just reading. Put in the blood, sweat, and tears. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

And it's I I finally understand what you mean about it being honest to the spirit of the books

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

while not following them to a tee. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

There have been a few things that have really frustrated me. But by and large,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

it's a it's a it's a really great representation of the book. I I do think the CGI is profoundly dated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Yeah. And I think the soundtrack is particularly weak. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

Yeah. I do. I think they recycle and reuse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

themes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

almost to the point of being painful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

and I don't think it's particularly creative

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

in general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

So I think the soundtrack is easily the weakest part of the movies. Now, I've been thinking in in preparation for this conversation, I've been thinking about what what are my bones to pick with this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

with the movie? Peter Jackson. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

No. I honestly, man, like, how do you take the source material and distill it down? Like, this is this is what I've been thinking. How do you take the source material and distill it down to three three hour movies? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

I I don't know. I don't know how you do that with this. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

And and there were some, I think, very pragmatic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

edits. Like, we we already talked about the Tom Bombadil piece. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

There are a few things that really bother me, like the like, Aragon's sword, Andoril. Right? The point at which it's reforged, that bothers me, because it's it's I don't understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

why they changed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

I'd love an explanation for it. So I I haven't been able to shake that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

I think part of it too is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

in the book, right, swords have stories and meanings and significance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

They don't at all in the movies. Like even is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:05]

really Yeah. The only thing that you get any story about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

You get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

no. You don't really get Mary and Pippin's daggers and stuff like that either. No. Not at all. Not at all. Even Sting is, like, played down. Right? Yeah. So jump

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

in on a little more in the Hobbit movies, which aren't exactly worth watching, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

I think though, this this is an area I struggled. I think the way that they bring Elrond back when really he should be sending his sons, like, there's just a there's a there's a weirdness there, and I'm sure there was a reason for it. And I would love to know what the reason is, but I don't. And so to me, it's just because Elrond needed more screen time because he was mister Smith.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:47]

I guess. I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

The other thing is I think the way they portrayed Faramir

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

was very poorly done,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

because I loved Faramir

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

as a character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

And I I felt like repulsed by him in the movie. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

Yeah. I just like I I don't know. There was They definitely character

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

justice in the movie, but I thought that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

for what it was, he was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

finally cast and I think he kinda played that part.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

That that actor, I think, would have been perfect for Faramir. I think what they did is they they took a lot of Boromir

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

and projected him into the Faramir character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

And and in the book, to me, they're very separate they're very distinct people with very distinct purposes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

and I think that that got lost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

And so the even the dynamic between Faramir and Frodo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

I don't think was an accurate representation of the book. Sure. That's that's that's where I landed there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

The other thing that has really bugged me, and you said is is different in the extended version,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

is Lothlorien and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

I I can never say her name. Galadriel?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Galadriel. Galadriel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

loved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

that part of the story, and I loved Gimli in particular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

And at least in the normal the normal version, not the extended cut, I don't even think they show Gimli in Lothlorien.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

And so so he has, I think, some of the best lines as he's going through there, and the bond between him and Legolas, I think, really develops at that point. Sure. And so so what you have instead from that point forward in the movie is, like, Gimli and Legolas are like joking around or just having a like, there's a there's a friendly animosity, not like a a friendly devotion to each other. And I think the bond that they get coming out of Lothlorien, like, when Legolas vouches for Gimli

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

is so much deeper than the movie represents. And so I felt like, again, this is an area, especially with this awesome of casting as they did with Gimli and Legolas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

I think we just kinda got shortchanged on the depth of those characters. Yeah. I think that's probably true overall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

Does

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

reading that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

scene in Malfurion particularly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

have you view

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

the hobbit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

really the battle of five armies and stuff like that any differently?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

Pro probably. I I have thought to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

having finished Lord of the Rings, that I need to go back and reread The Hobbit, because I think it will change my perspective on a whole bunch of things. I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

I actually think that the insight that Gandalf, in particular, gives into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

the the hobbits themselves, the halflings in Lord of the Rings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

is really substantive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

to understanding what's going on with the hobbits in The Hobbit. Right? Absolutely. I think he actually does a better job of, like, setting up the nature of those characters there than he does in The Hobbit. And and so I I'd like to go back and reread it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

I got one bonus round quip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

for the movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

I loved Treebeard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

I loved the Council of the Ents.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

And I can't even remember his name now. Quick Tree or whatever it was, like, the guy that makes decisions really fast. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

they completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

ruined that. Like, it's it wasn't it wasn't earth shattering, like, wound up in the same place, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

they presented the nces like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

kinda cow tailing to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

Mary and Pippin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Right? Mary and Pippin? Yeah. Yeah. At that point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

and and and attacking Isengard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

but they make that decision themselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

Right? They make that decision based upon what Saruman has done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

And I think, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

it's just there's such awesome dialogue at the Council of the Ends, and we we didn't get it. You know? So fun fact to kind of bring this all together

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

is that Treebeard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

is based off of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

characteristics of CS Lewis because CS Lewis would talk very slowly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:47]

and with purpose

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:49]

and things like that. So it's it's Tolkien kinda writing Lewis in the Lord of the Rings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

I I loved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

I I I just I really enjoyed that dynamic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

The other thing too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

I'm just gonna have to be really picky here, but Entwash is not actually in the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

Entwash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

Yeah. Entwash

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

is so critical. You need to go back and read the book, It's been, like, six years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

so I think I told you that I will read it once. I'll never read it again, and I don't believe that's true anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

I enjoyed Lord of the Rings far more than I thought I would.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

And I'm I'm you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

I I wanna go back and revisit again. I wanna we'll continue to soak it up. So There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

I I also might just get pushed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

to purchase the extended versions. We'll see. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:42]

I hope this is on HBO Max. You get Lamba spread, like, the actual Lamba spread stuff and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

That's right. Yeah. Because they they suddenly have that when they're climbing up to to go to the Shalob scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

in The Return of the King, and you're like, where did that come from? There's no explanation to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

It's it just goes to show, I think, like, I I can sit here and nitpick it all I want, but Peter Jackson had such a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

huge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

amount of content to work from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

And to make any editorial decisions had to have been just excruciating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Yep. You know? I I think the only ones that were easy were Tom Bombadil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

Second Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

Second of Shire is the other one that honestly, could do without, you know? So it is what it is. But Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

It's it's interesting too. We I think we talked a little bit about this maybe the last episode. I don't even remember when. The the sequencing is weird because in the books, like, you get all of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Sam and Frodo and you get all of everybody else, or he says in the opposite order. And and in the movies, it's interwoven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

And it makes it hard to actually figure out what is different and what's not because it's it like, you can't track with it in the same way. I mean, like, I'm I'm half, maybe two thirds of the way through Return of the King, and Frodo just got stabbed by Shalom. So, you know, like, the the it's it's off. But it's it's good, and I think it it is the right kind of approachability for the story. Yeah. So I think I told you this is that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

at least on last reading, The Two Towers was my favorite book

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

three volumes, and Return of the King is my favorite movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

And and I would say so far, I agree with you. I'm not I've got I literally have, like, twenty five to thirty minutes left of Return of the King.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

I definitely did not care for the movie, The Two Towers. I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

that one was by far the most frustrating to me. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

but totally with you. I enjoyed that book the most. I I think I said this as well. Right? Like, think you can cut off the first half of the Fellowship of the Rings and the last half of Return of the King on the books and still get a really great story and save yourself hours of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

But fight me. Fight me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

Maybe when I read through next time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

Alright. Alright. Well, I look forward to that because we can discuss on the podcast. There you go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

maybe this is a weird transition, but did you watch WandaVision this week? I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

I watched it on Friday relatively early. Do you remember what happened? I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:13]

It was weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:15]

because it was a Halloween special in February.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Yep. Alright. Spoiler alert. If you haven't seen WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

episode six, we're gonna talk about it for a little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

A little bit, I promise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

Because I don't remember that much detail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

Well, and I think that actually speaks to the episode. I was thinking a lot about this because I did not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

I was not so jazzed that I sat down and wrote

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

a a full page of notes like I did in episode five. There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

some significant pieces in this. The costumes, I think, are not significant, but they're just they're like an homage Sure. To nerds everywhere, because these are the costumes from, you know, old comics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

The significance of this episode, I think, is is twofold. One, in that we see Vision become fully cognizant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

and try to leave. Yep. And he is peeled apart hex by hex. Did you notice the pieces that are flying apart were hexagonal? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Yeah. They they definitely were. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

you know, again, this this hexagonal imagery, whatever that means.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

And then the other thing is that I think at at the end of this episode, we know something is seriously fishy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

with that director of sword. Yes. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

And now we gotta Now The circus has come to town.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

The circus has come to town because Wanda expands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

the hacks. Right? So at this point, this is the other thing. Right? She is totally control in control of the situation Yep. At that point, because she literally expands it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

There there are odd things like Agnes who dressed like a witch for Halloween, which is kind of like a little nod to Agatha from the comics, maybe. I don't know. Sure. But but she seems less cognizant of what's going on. Right. You know? But she's also not in turmoil when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

Visions like zaps her. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

There's gotta be something with the twins and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:05]

Pietro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

that I I imagine there's something huge there that I missed because I think they spent a lot of time on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

They they did. So I I can't figure out like, I was trying to think, okay. Are these kids people that she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

has,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

like, taking control of? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

And and that doesn't that doesn't, like, register.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

Right? Like, I I I don't that doesn't feel right to me. Right. So then I go back to, okay. How does a human or mutant or whatever she is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

procreate with a synthesoid?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

Right. Right? And I don't I don't it doesn't happen. Like, it doesn't work that way. Right? You can't you can't do that. And in the comics even,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

she doesn't do that. I finally made it this far in West Coast Adventures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

West Coast Adventures rather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

where the twins are actually pieces of Mephisto

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

and pieces of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

Pandemonium's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

soul.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

So there's like there's like this chain of of characters that all revolve around Mephisto. Right? The devil like character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

I don't know if that's what they're setting up for, but we learned that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

the twins have powers beyond just age Yep. In this one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

Speeding around like crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

Yeah. So so here's here's kinda my conclusion right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

If you remember, you didn't care for episode two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

I said I was little warm on it. Two is the weakest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

Yeah. And then I went back and I rewatched all of them, including two, and I told you that two has actually, like, a lot of really significant subtle references

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

that I think you pick up after having seen episode four or five. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

I have a feeling that that's what we're gonna find out with six. I think that six is a bridging episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

and it's connecting us to more information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

So I can't remember if it was last episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

but Vision makes a comment, like, why are there no children in this neighborhood?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

And then It was last episode. Yeah. And then for Halloween,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

got Tons of them. Trick or treating all around. I think it's also important

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:05]

to point out that the further

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

you got away from the center of activity, which is Wanda,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:12]

people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:13]

slow down and aren't as active.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

Yeah. And it's it's like there's some kind of limit or boundary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

on her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

powers. I mean, we don't really know. Right? Like, it's it's all it's all very very fuzzy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

This this master Pandemonium character I mentioned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

the the thing I wanted to tell you was, apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

he is the CEO of Anvil Pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

K. So he makes movies. Alright? Before he's he's in a terrible car accident,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

loses his arms, and Mephisto

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

puts devil body parts into his body, and he gains his powers. Right? Like, that's that's kind of his backstory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

But I thought what was interesting about this and and again, like, I'm not reading I I just started West Coast Avengers because I saw some article before WandaVision started that said, hey, like, this is one of the series you should read to familiarize yourself with these characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

And I'm just chuck chugging along, right, one by one by one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

And it strikes me that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

he makes movies. Right? Like, he's he's in the TV business, and maybe that has something to do with the sitcom element. I don't know. I like I'm just I'm grasping straws at But this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

I I am convinced that this episode will mean more after we get to maybe episode seven or eight. That's that's all I can reason at this point. Hopefully. Because I mean, we have what? Three episodes left in this season? We do. We know if they're coming back for a different season? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

yeah. I don't know. There's lots of open things here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

There there are. Now, keep in mind, this show bleeds over into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

Doctor Strange Sure. Which also has a connection to Spider Man. So the the continuity like, the story's gonna continue. Right? This continuity with all these things, I don't know that we'll necessarily have everything answered. I think there will be primary plot lines that will be answered. I think we're gonna know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

how the hex came to be. Alright? If we walk away with that, I'll be I'll be pretty pleased. I I hope. Got three episodes, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Three episodes is a lot to wrap up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

I this this was not a bad episode in my opinion. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

But it it just I I think after episode five, like, we were at the top of the roller coaster with episode five in my opinion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

you know? And and I I wouldn't say we're, like, all the way down at the bottom of this dip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

but it wasn't necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

the the the thing I was hoping we would get Right. After that episode five. So I don't understand why they went with a Halloween theme here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

I I think it was singularly purposed. For the costumes? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

After that's the only reason I think it was. And and I will be shocked if it has any significance outside of that. Why didn't they go Valentine's Day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

Because nobody dresses up for in costumes for Valentine's Day. The the other thing that could possibly be playing off is the fact that all these people are outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

Right? And so you can Vision can walk to the opposite end of town and see a lot of people and see, like, the progression of Wanda's power over them as he reaches the border. Like, maybe that's part of it. But I but I really do think it was just to show both the Scarlet Witch and Vision and Quicksilver

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

and Wiccan and Speed, which which are the twins. That's their their names in the young avenge Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

In in their, like, original costumes. Right? Because we've never seen Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

with the headgear, let alone the other, you know, the the rest of her costume. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

I don't know, man. I think we'll see what plays out. I am looking forward to Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:39]

I I I really have no idea where it's gonna go. Right. I I you know? Something with the circus. It's gotta be something with the circus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

There

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

was some there was some irony there. Right? Like, the government converting over to a circus, like Yep. Yeah. I wanna read a little bit of political humor into that, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

In in other news before we wrap up, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

have gotten your hands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

on an m one Mac, have you not? I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:09]

Work sent me an m one MacBook Air

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

that I got came in on Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:16]

so I only have two days using it really at this point. It definitely feels faster,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:23]

but I haven't done anything intensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

Have you used it while it was resting on your lap? I have not. Maybe that's what I'll do tomorrow. I will test out battery power and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

portability.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

In heat. In heat. Heat is the big thing that I'm interested in. So I I because I've heard that this thing does not put off the kind of heat that Intel based Macs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

And at least with my MacBooks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

they get pretty stinking hot when they're on my lap. Sure. So I I would love to know just like how how hot the device gets. Now, you have had a chance to try the instant on. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:04]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

Have you have you closed the lab at Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

And did you notice that it, like, is instantaneously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

on?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:14]

I guess. I don't know that I noticed the difference between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:17]

this one and the work one, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

Okay. Well, this is your other homework assignment then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

Side by side, then notice if if you see a difference in terms of the responsiveness because it is supposed to be different, and it I've heard that it's significant. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:32]

What about the feel of the keyboard? Keyboard feels

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:38]

it's different than this. I think it definitely feels better than this. It feels more mechanically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:45]

I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

I've heard that too. There's there's more travel on the keys if I recall. It's not the new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

Switch type.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

I I John, I gotta tell you, I'm, like, waiting with bated breath to hear how this shakes out because Just a new you single handedly. Yeah, you could push me over the edge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

If the stars were aligned and I was to get a tax refund, which I probably will not, I know what it's going towards, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

Well, there you go, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:14]

As a teaser,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

work may also be sending me

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:19]

an iPhone 12 Pro Max,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:21]

which is Woah. A big phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

but also has all the bells and whistles. So A 12 Pro Max? Yeah. I thought you were just gonna get a 12 when we talked before. Nope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:33]

Alright. Now, you you like the little phones traditionally. Right? I do. So this will be interesting to see if it just sits on my desk and only used for work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

Oh, my gosh. You're gonna be one of those back pocket guys where you stick your phone in the back pocket. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

Well, I listen. I I cannot wait. I actually have an iPhone 12 coming for work. So I'll be able to tell you what phone. He can tell me how best practices

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

for separating personal and work cell phones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

Okay. Alright. When you get the device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

we'll do an episode where we talk just about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

personal and work devices,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

and how we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

properly create distinction. And I will also tell you how I didn't start that way, but I got there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:15]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

That's a nice teaser. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:18]

There we go. We'll have to learn that as a commercial.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

Heck yeah. Commercial.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

One last thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

So I I was thinking a little bit about this. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

avoided religion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

at all costs. Right? Because we just this is not a political or religious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

podcast, but I do believe in the past, we've at least acknowledged the the coming of Lent, haven't we? We have. I think we talked about Ash Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

Yeah. I feel like I feel like we have. So if I'm recalling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

last year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

I think we were talking about how I was gonna stock up food and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

survive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

this at the time, we were just calling an epidemic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

in China, Italy that was coming our way, and nobody believed me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

You remember that? You remember that that that it was this early.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

I'm pretty sure it was because I was freaking out. Because remember, even my wife thought I was nuts. Yeah. Right? Like like, I'm like, honey, when you go to the grocery store, we need canned goods of all the things. Who would've known that you need to stock up on toilet paper too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

Good grief.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

so so then we we delved into Lent, and I would say so so in the in the Christian tradition,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

Lent is a journey to the cross on Good Friday. Right? So so it's it's this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

period

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

of weeks. Really, it's it's five,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

right, before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

Easter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

that leads up to Jesus' crucifixion and then resurrection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

And it is common for Christians

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

to or some Christian traditions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

to, like, give things up or to focus on penitence,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

right, and and just repentance in general during this time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

And I think we even joked about how, like, this was the most,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

like, penitential way of doing Lent because we gave up everything last March. We even gave up Easter last March.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

We did. Yeah. We we absolutely did. Fell last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

It was it was in April. So so for what this is worth, Ash Wednesday we're recording this on the sixteenth. Ash Wednesday will be tomorrow, the February 17.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

Last year, Ash Wednesday was on February 26. Ash Wednesday kicks off Lent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:31]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

by by, like, the March 15, most things were shut down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

and and made what was, in my opinion, the hardest Lent I have ever endured.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:43]

And I I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

I was thinking about this today because today is Fat Tuesday. It's Mardi Gras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

I'm having a glass of wine toasting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

toasting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

the arrival of Lent. I was just thinking to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

what a what a year, man, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

Like, it the whole year has been a Lent, and I was trying to think how this Lent is gonna be different. And the first thing came to mind is I'm gonna go to church.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:09]

Yeah. That's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:11]

It just it just I I don't know. I wanted to sit back and acknowledge it because if if you recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

this time last year, just gotten back from Disney World. We were still on Cloud 9 there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

Well Or I was on Cloud 9. You were Kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:26]

seriously sick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

Yeah. Well, yeah. Yay. So random thing, one of my stupid ear tubes came out this last weekend. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:36]

only been in three three months. Like, this this is the cruelty of 2020 and '21. Right? You know? I got sick at Disney World. I got ear tubes because of it way later than I was supposed to, and then three months later, it they fall out right before Lent. So I don't know. I don't even know what to think about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:52]

We'll see. We don't plan to take a break from a podcast this year, do we?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:57]

I that was the only thing I was gonna touch on. So it was I I went back and I looked at it. March 19, we took a hiatus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

because I think at that point, the pandemic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

the shutdown,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

all of that was just it was just wearing on everybody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

And I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

it was shortly after we would not do Easter. Right? Yep. It's the first Easter of my life I can remember not being at church.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

And I am you know, 2021

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:26]

is is covered in snow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

but I think it's looking up. That's that's kinda my takeaway. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

am here in my own care paravel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

hunkered down because of snow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

not because of a pandemic. I mean, sort of because of pandemic, but I don't know, John. I'm rambling. You are rambling. I don't know where we're going with this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:45]

Just I just wanna acknowledge it. Talking about lunch. Well Being happy that I'll actually be able to go to Churchill's lunch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

I think that's what it comes down to. I think that's what comes down to. We we have a friend who likes to talk about the joy of Lent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

right, which seems

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

odd when you put it in the perspective of Lent being a penitential repentance season. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

man, I'm so joyful for Lent this year. I really I really am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

And On that note. You have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:12]

an organist who can play all your favorite Lenten hymns

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:15]

on the organ in I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

do. I do. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

alright, my friend. I think that is as good of an episode as we're gonna make tonight on take two. Take two. I look forward to see how the b Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

I look forward to see how the b roll gets edited up. But on that note, shall we call it a night? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

Alright. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

Wash your hands and wear a mask.
