---
title: To Boldly Go.... to Season 2
episode: 56
date: '2019-08-01T13:24:46.000Z'
slug: to-boldly-go-to-season-2/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

I think we're about to start season two, aren't we? I think you just did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Okay. So I have a season two resolution.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

Somehow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

we're gonna get John Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

to get a brand new router at his house so that his Internet isn't as bad as it was during season one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

Should we set up a donate page? We are not a nonprofit, so the donation is not tax deductible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

Like a GoFundMe. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

Yeah. Why not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

I chip in $5.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

Well, only

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

a 145

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

There you go. Seriously, John, I can't believe you still have not yet gotten a new router. What's it gonna take buddy? I don't know man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:16]

I have an old router I could plug in. I think the problem is the Internet providers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

modem router all in one combo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

And, like, my Internet comes through the phone line, which is never a good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

You've got a lot of things working against you. I think you should start with something other than the router that the provider gave you. If that means using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

your old router, so be it. Just anything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

would be an improvement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

So I actually did a couple weeks ago, and it was the worst my Internet has ever been, but I didn't reconfigure the router

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

that I plugged in. So we had conflicting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

Wi Fi spaces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

Oh, well, see. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

That's that's never gonna end well. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

Alright. Well, what are you doing this weekend, John? Got got big plans?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

Not that I know of. I don't think I'm doing anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

Okay. Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna suggest to missus Colmire that you spend some time working on your home network.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

Alright then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

We'll see if she can persuade you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

Alright, John. Mean, this is this is a deal. Yeah. This is big deal. So we're, we're here. We're season two. We made it a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

I guess the question now is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

do we keep going on?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

I I think that's up to you, Stan. Are you gonna keep showing up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

I did tonight. You did tonight. You didn't yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

we had that on the calendar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

and I don't I didn't I didn't even get a notification. I think it's because you created the calendar event. Mhmm. I didn't get an alert.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

Not the alerts that you're used to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Yeah. Like, I I don't know, man. Maybe maybe I'm unique in this way, but I live and breathe off my calendar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

But I live and breathe off the the alerts. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

And especially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

after, you know, dinner time. Right? If I don't get pinged, I'm probably gonna miss something, and that's what happened last night. But as I understand, you were asleep, weren't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

I was asleep eventually. If we would've recorded at eight, I would've still been awake, but you told me that you may push him back thirty or sixty minutes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:29]

Was that a day before, or was it the day of?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

It was the day before. Okay. Because I I was pretty confident that I would not be home in time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

Oddly enough, I was home by nine my time, so probably would've worked out. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

I I messed that one up. Last night, I went to, Upland Brewing's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

like, soft opening in Fountain Square. So you've you've been to Upland Brewing before? I've been to the Bloomington location,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

and I think I've been to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

one other place. Yeah. We I took you to the pump house in Columbus, if I remember right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

Is it Bloomington, Canada's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

Are they out of Bloomington? Bloomington's the main one. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

And we went there. That's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

I think, actually, that was before y'all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

were married,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

and we got a pretty mean hamburger if I recall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

That could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

I did I tell you that I staked out a a new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

a new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

hamburger joint in Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

I don't think so. Is it as good as the other place? Was that in Columbus too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

Oh, Joe Willy's. Yeah. I I actually think it's better. I think it's a lot Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

So this place is called Jailbird. It's a little hipster dive bar kinda deal, and they've got a fantastic hamburger and excellent onion rings. I'm going back again just to make sure. I'm going back actually next Thursday just to verify that it wasn't a one time thing when I was there. But here's here's the thing that really sold the hamburger for me. First of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

meat had flavor. Right? So that's a good sign.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

But the burger held together and the bun was not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

so big that you were getting more bun than burger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

Oh, it's a good sign.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

Yeah. Yeah. And but the burger held together. Right? So down to the last bite, it wasn't, like, falling apart, which as much as I love Joe Willy's, that's always the problem I had. That's also the problem I usually have with Five Guys as much as I love their hamburgers. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

Very interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

So is this gonna be problem with Five Guys? No. I love the Five Guys burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

Well, I didn't say I didn't love it. Hold on. Hold on. But bun to burger ratios never even crossed my mind there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Okay. I it's not with Five Guys, it's not the bun to burger ratio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

It's as you're eating the burger and you get down to the end,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

like, is it falling apart?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

You see, have that problem. Think it's a toppings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

It could be. What do you get on your burger when you go to Five Guys? I usually look at the menu and I go through the list, then I read off the ones that look good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Okay. So if you have a choice, do you choose lettuce?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

I think I usually choose lettuce. I do not usually choose tomato at five guys because There you go. That's that's it. That's it. Alright. So here's the thing. At least in my experience, and again, I haven't really tested this as an unverified

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

theory, but I think that a tomato usually causes the burger to become sloppy at the end. And I I need to pay more attention what they do at jailbird because I got tomato on my burger, and the whole thing held together, and it was delicious. So I found the tomatoes at Five Guys to not be overly flavorful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

So, like, I always think that tomato is a great idea, then I get it, and it just doesn't do anything for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

Yeah. Okay. I can see that. I I I will have to pay more attention to that because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

a tomato is supposed to add a little bit of sweet, right, without the tang that you get in ketchup. Right. It's it's like a it's a delicate balance. And I think I think if the tomato is just there to provide, like, vegetable meat, it's it's really not doing its job.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

Yeah. Because I mean, you can get really good tomatoes and you can get tomatoes that don't have any flavor. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

No. I'm with you. I'm with you. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

the thickness of the tomato is also a factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

I just I haven't even begun to, like, break down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

rubrics on this, but I'm I'm gonna have to really dig into it and think about it, and I will I will definitely come back. I don't know if we should go that way because the burger is a beautiful piece of art that I believe can be done many different ways.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

No. No. No. I agree. I agree. I agree. So here's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

Here's the thing. Burgers are fascinating. Right? Because there are so many different approaches. Like and and there there are burger purists who are basically, you know, eighty twenty slab of ground chuck, salt and pepper, you're done. And I'm not that guy. That's not me. Right? Not me either. In fact, actually, of the best burgers I ever had was with your father-in-law

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

on the weekend of Gen Con, which oddly enough is coming up here in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

We were at the Weber Grill, and they had a burger they made that had, like, 10% fat cap ground in it. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

Oh, man. It was so good. You can do that, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

I I could. The thing is, like, I'm pretty sure I'd get nauseous brining up with that cap to put it in. But when somebody else makes it, it's delicious. You know? Yep. So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

don't know. I don't know. We got here somehow because we were gonna talk about if we were gonna continue the podcast. I think this is a strong argument for yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

This is this has been my existential,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

challenge or difficulty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

conflict, whatever, for a while now. It's like, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

I enjoy talking to my buddy, John. But is it worth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

like, getting the headphones on and opening the app and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

like, finding a time on the calendar? You know? There was a rough patch there for a couple weeks where you you just weren't into it. Listeners can tell us by them being our shorter episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

Well, I'm gonna take that challenge and see if we can wrap it up in thirty minutes tonight. Well, looking at this list, it's mostly things that I put on there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

I I think, like, so many things. Right? You know, you you have high points and low points. You get, like, really into something, and then you come down from it, and podcasting is no different. I think also too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

the things that cause our episodes to be longer or more involved tend to be because there are things externally going on that interest us. Right? So whether it be a Marvel movie or Apple's new release or what what like, whatever. Like, those things cause us to talk more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

and thus, you know, I'm a little more excited to talk to you about them too even though you never do your homework beforehand, but whatever. That's because you've been adding things before I look at the note again, like, the day of, so I've got no time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

Well, that didn't happen this week, John. That did not happen this week, and you only added one thing to the list,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

which you'll be disappointed in my reaction to to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

yeah. Oh, boy. Alright. Well, as long as we're talking about reactions, somebody had a reaction about our podcast. You wanna share that? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

So new review, our sixteenth written review,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:04]

and we now have twenty four

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

five star ratings

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

Title, l w a t o l stands for life with twisted lemon. You know how you run and do those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

reviews and they ask for a subject line and you have no idea what to write?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

I think that that this is one of those instances

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

by Angie Klein who we talked about a couple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

weeks ago when she asked how I eat an ice cream sundae. She works in my building on the Second Floor. Angie says, I enjoy listening to John and Stan bounce different ideas and opinions off one another on literally everything under the sun. This is a recurring theme in our reviews.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:45]

Well, I think we might need to dial it in and focus on something, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

No. No. No. No. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

No. They're both much more tech savvy than I, so there's always learning and laughing with each episode I listen to. Thanks, guys. Looking forward to s two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

exclamation point. And is this our first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:06]

emoji in a review?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

No. Mom Lemon also had an emoji in her review. Really? I didn't even catch that. Well, thank you, Angie, for listening and for leaving a review on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:18]

Next time I'm in Iowa, John, you'll have to figure out a way to introduce me. You should come to Iowa and work out of the coworking space. They have better Internet than I do here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

Everybody has better Internet than you do, John. I don't believe that's true, but I can't prove it right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

You definitely cannot prove it right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

Good deal. Well, another another review had been a little bit since we had one. That's exciting. Good times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:42]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

You have any idea what this next point is about, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

No. I don't know. You just all you did is put so again, if the listener is not aware, we've got an Apple note and we type out the date, the episode number,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

and then their bullets and they amass over the course of a week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

And all this says is what have I done? What have I done?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

So I have this dream

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

where our wives are as good of friends with each other as you and I are friends.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

Okay. Full stop. Hold up. Hold up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Think in order to I I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

now I know where this is going. I'm just gonna put this out there. In order for it to happen, you might consider moving to Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

That's all I'm saying. I know. I know. We'll talk to McNary about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:25]

I just bought a house, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

As someone who has turned a house around in a very short order, I can tell you that it is entirely possible for you to sell this thing after having only lived there a year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

so missus Colmire called missus Lemon today or not today, but this week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

Did you hear about this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

Oh, are you kidding me? Missus Lemon was walking around the house. I could hear the whole thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

Nice. So the impetus of her calling was that I bribed her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:58]

Oh, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

odd.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

Go on, John. I said if you call missus Lemon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:05]

you can I'll get you a $10 gift card to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

Dash Coffee here in Iowa, which we've been to, I believe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

Do you remember Dash? Good Ethiopian? Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

I had breakfast with your father-in-law there, actually. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

she

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

says, no. No. No. No. I'm just gonna go listen to music while I go on my walk. She returns from her walk and says that she talked to missus Lemon pretty much the whole time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:32]

So that was excellent. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:34]

here's the kicker that you might not know yet, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:39]

So apparently, Sarah is supposed to call Anna back,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

and her impetus for calling is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

like, a $25 gift card to Joanne's or something. I had nothing to do with this part, but this was all I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

definitely did not promise such a thing Yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

But you should Yes. So that Sarah calls Anna back. Okay. Well, now we got another thing to fundraise for on our GoFundMe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

So I I well, think the leads are to get advantage of us. And, yeah, there's there's no way this ends well because they are both far smarter and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

maybe not more conniving. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

No. No. No. I I totally I totally would would hedge my bets on missus Kolmeyer. That's for sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

So I guess we'll see how this goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:24]

My end goal in my dream is that we have an episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

with all four of us on. And this comes from when I would listen to virtue in the wasteland,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

and their best episode was when they had their wives on the episode. We're not on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

I just am not sure how that feeds to my ego, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

You already know that Sarah's cooler than you are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

Alright. So what's next on this list? Do wanna talk about Picard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

Picard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

We never talked about the actual trailer, did we?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:55]

I think we talked about the first one. I don't know that we on the show talked about the second one, which I think is far more interesting because it alludes to a couple of characters that we were not expecting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

Since that second trailer has come out, there's also been a, like, behind the scenes I don't know what you call it, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

like, a round table

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

Patrick Stewart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

with Brent Spiner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

with Jerry Ryan, and with a fourth guy that I did not recognize at first. I had to look him up. It turned out to be Hugh Correct. Who was the Borg that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

wound up having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

a personal identity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

Yep. There was I I I can't I think the episode was I Borg or something like that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

where he appeared, and he bonded with Jordy. Right? It was I actually thought it a really good episode. A lot of people don't like it. Whatever. But then Hugh showed up again in Descent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

which is this really peculiar twist

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

in the TNG timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

So the the premise basically is, like, Hugh had individuality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

infected the Borg, and that somehow spread in a set of individualistic Borg

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

are then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

like, conquering planets in conjunction with lore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

So the fact that Hugh is making an appearance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

I am completely just baffled by. That was the last thing I expected.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:18]

So who knows what that means? This is interesting because in the second trailer, you see this dismantled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

sort of board cube.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

Do you remember that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:31]

No. Yeah. There's a flash of a board cube, and it looks like it's got a bite taken out of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

Okay. So there's that. Quickly. And there's Jerry Ryan shows up who played seven of nine, the Borg turned human,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

turned back to human in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:49]

Voyager.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

What human turned into Borg turned back to human. Right. That's what you mean. I mean but she started she appeared first as Borg.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

I like, Hugh and seven of nine are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

they're they're interesting because they're individuals that come from different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

parts of the Borg ecosystem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

at very different points in the timeline. Yep. I think the one thing that's crystal clear, right, is that there will be a fair amount of Borg

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

in Picard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

would normally have been excited about that. I think here's here's the thing. And I feel weird saying this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

The the Voyager, I think, did such a disservice to the Borg

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

that I I really hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Picard can either salvage it or just not build off of the Voyager timeline, because the Voyager timeline was just terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

Another interesting thing that happened on this Picard front we can actually talk about the second trailer, which I think is what you Right. Are most excited about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

Marina Certus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

tweeted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

that both her and Jonathan Frakes were involved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

in the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

the new show. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

at this point now, we've got Brent Spiner, Jonathan Frakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

Marina Suris, which means we've got Data,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

Commander Riker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

and Consular Troy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

apparently making an appearance on this show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

I I have two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

wishes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Do know what they are?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

Michael Dorne and LeVar Burton. Alright. So So LeVar Burton did tweet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:23]

or he said something in an interview and said that his appearance is not off the table, but it did he didn't make it sound like he's been involved in any filming yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

Okay. That would be very disappointing. So Jordy was always my favorite character Right. With data being Engineers. My number two. Yeah. There you go. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

One one of the things I found interesting, Patrick Stewart talked about how they felt like they had told their story. Yes. This was in the panel. Seasons. Both him and Brent Spiner echoed these. Like, he thought that the story was done. They didn't get cheated with their characters at all,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

but then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

they're excited about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

coming at this new story to tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

And and that gave me a little bit of hope. I think they're, you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

love it, hate it, whatever. I think Nemesis was a nice end to the to the thick thick cast. Right? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

thought generations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

was a nice transition

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

point

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

the the actual show into the movies. Right? I I wish we'd gotten about two more movies, honestly, but, you know, it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

those are the movies that I really saw first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:37]

So some of those stand out as my favorites. I know you're you have a soft spot for wrath of con, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

I I always think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:47]

First Contact, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

Oh, First Contact is is a fantastic movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

I I absolutely love First Contact. There's there's no doubt about it. The casting, the writing, the whole storyline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

it's fantastic. It's it's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

they could not have done a better job with the Borg, which speaking of which, the queen dies in that one. Right. I I believe that we are left

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

thinking that the Borg are done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

in that movie. Right. And and I don't know like, that's also an interesting angle coming into Picard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

that I'm just looking forward to see what they do, because I I I just don't know how they can turn this, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

into them surviving, which I think they have to do if Hugh's involved, but who knows? Again Right. Maybe Hugh maybe Hugh has completely individualized and is no longer part of the collective, and the collective is gone. I I don't know. I really don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

Yeah. But I'm excited.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

Can't wait till we get this first season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

the end of that second trailer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

so I'd I'd knew nothing about Brent Spiner being on this. Right. And the end of that second trailer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

has Data appearing playing cards with Picard. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

I thought it was very well done, very tasteful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

I thought their the way they tease that character out was way better than the way that they teased out seven of nine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

But again, I I just don't like Voyager, so maybe that's my problem. Yeah. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

I don't know, man. I this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

the trailers look great. Think Don't break the lemon's heart. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

We've already lost grew stars. Up on the next generation, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

I I grew up on TNG. I I I don't know. Alright. So let me ask you this. Here's the thing. Alright? This is a CBS All Access show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

As far as I know, you have never paid for CBS All Access? I have never paid for CBS All Access. When this is released,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

I won't think twice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

Oh. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

There we go. Will okay. Hold on. Will you get the no commercial version?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

What's the what's the price difference, Stan? I think it's, like, $2.99 versus $5.99 or something like that. Then I'll probably get the no commercial version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

Oh, wow. Look at this. Patrick Stewart

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

will will get you to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

spend money on a extraneous streaming service.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

He's looking old, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

He is looking old. That that actually struck me at the panel just how,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

I don't know, less graceful he seems in the way he speaks. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:23]

I don't know. This could be his retirement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:26]

role.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

Well, it could be. You know, what's interesting, I was thinking about this too. He's done with X Men. Right? Like, Logan was a nice closure to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

Logan was a very different movie as far as x men movies go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

But I I I thought I thought, like, that was a nice bookends to his character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

There's there's not a bookends to his Star Trek character in the same way. I mean, it's like, there's closure. Right? The story's done. I get it. Yep. But if he dies at the end of Picard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

you know, I think that, like, he's done. What else does he have to do? Right? His two in my opinion, his two most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

fundamental characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

right, are are all wrapped up. And I think that that'd be good. So I I don't know. You don't like him as Scrooge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

I mean, those are the one offs. Right? Like, we'll always wasn't he also Ahab?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

So, you know, like, he'll always be associated with those, but I think the the characters that he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

shaped around him and his personality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

are Xavior,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

right, and Captain Picard. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

I don't know. We'll see, man. I'm excited. I really am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

I this thing doesn't come out for a while though. Right? Yeah. So originally, they were talking before the end of the year, but now I've seen twenty twenty dates thrown out, which I am perfectly fine with. I'd rather have them take their time and do this really well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

I'm curious to see if they do the whole series if they record the whole series before they release it because with Discovery, they didn't do that as far as I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

So they were recording while they're releasing. I actually also don't know when the next Discovery comes out. I was so not a fan of this last season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

Well, maybe when I have all access,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

if they're gonna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

make me wait a week in between, I can fill in my time with watching

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

the back episodes of discovery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

I I think it's worth you know, as far as Star Trek canon goes, I think it's worth taking the time to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

Season one had some great parts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

It was, by and large, poor writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

Season two had a really strong opening. I mean, a exceptionally strong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

start,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

and then the writing just got stupid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

like, really stupid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

I don't know what happened. I've never spent the time to look at, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

the the difference in writers, but it it just went downhill fast. And our dear friend, pastor Finker and I texted each other through most of season two as it was quickly degenerating into nonsense.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

So historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

the first couple seasons of Star Trek series are awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

The yeah. I mean, I wouldn't say awful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

So When was the last time you watched the first two seasons of TNG?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

Well, as you say, the the first two seasons of TNG are are rough. Right? They've they've got some rough edges, but there's also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

some really great episodes in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

And now it takes a turn. Right? So best of both worlds is a fundamental shift at the end of season two. Yep. And everything after that gets significantly better. But I don't, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

Keeps this time. I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

well, we'll we'll get there. We'll get there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

No matter how many times I watch Encounter at Farpoint, I still think it's a good episode. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

You know, and and some people will disagree, and I get it. But I don't know. You've got you have this brand new crew on this beautiful ship with a villain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

way more powerful than anything we've ever seen, and he will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

you know, trickle across

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

And I I don't know. Like, it's just I think there's some really great character development. Now, you'd it's it's definitely the weird Gene Roddenberry error. Right? Like, he's he's got some stuff going on that's just straight up strange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

But I I don't know. By and large, I think TNG season one and two are worth watching.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

Maybe not every episode. They're definitely some we could cut.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

Now you get you get over to Deep Space Nine. I thought season one was exceptionally rough. Yeah. The first two times I watched it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

How

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

many times have you watched season one, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

probably seen all of d s nine four or five times. No. Not eight. I I will say this. Seasons six and seven, it wouldn't surprise me if I've seen those eight times Yeah. Like, easily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

But Just kinda watching the movie anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Once you get into season five and that's the beauty of Deep Space Nine. Right? Like, they they do things that nobody was willing to do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

and they take a story and they stretch it out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

despite,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

quite frankly, like, some really lousy acting by folks like Benjamin Sisco. Right? Like, he's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

he's just not good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

He's he's so overly dramatic. But I love that character, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

Well, he's a good character. He's a good character. But but, I mean, you look at Deep Space Nine. Right? So season one, rough. Season two, it's kinda finding its legs. And I think season one, part of the problem was it was almost too religious, right Yeah. In in its storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

Season two, we're drawing on more of of the the Kardashians.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

I think what do you what do you get of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

we know the Dominion by that point. Right? Or we at least know the Jem Hadar. Do do we have to make a note here that the Kardashians are not the Kardashians?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

Because do we have listeners who who don't don't watch Star Trek?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

Oh my gosh. I mean, if they don't, they're gonna be totally lost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

By the time you get to season four, though, you got the war. Right? The war is brewing. Maybe it's not all out. By season five, the war is engaged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

But you also, in season four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

I believe that's when Michael Doran returns. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

And so Yeah. Worf's introduction to Deep Space Nine is phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

Yeah. Right? He's a great character. You also start to get more of the defiant, and so you have the crew leaving the space station,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

which I think really helped a lot too. So, you know, I mean, Deep Space Nine is just an awesome show. But at worst, I think Deep Space Nine had one season

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

that I would I would take a pass on. And even that's negotiable, because there are about three or four episodes in season one that are really good and really important for the rest of the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

you get the Voyager,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

and you have seven seasons of pure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

unadulterated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

awfulness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

I mean, it's it's just a lousy television show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

It's got lousy cast. It's got lousy writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

The only the only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

redeeming factor in that entire show is the ship. The ship. The beautiful ship.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

You didn't like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

oh, what the what's the helmsman's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

Harry Kim? Oh, no. No. Paris.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:03]

Yeah. Tom Paris. You you didn't like him going to the holodeck and working on his old timey cars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

playing mechanics. I didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

didn't care for Tom Paris. I'll be honest with you. There's only one character in the entire show that I actually liked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

and it happens to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

I guess I guess this intro, I was gonna say it's the only, but I guess there are two characters from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

Voyager that appear in the Next Generation movies. Do you know who they are?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

That appear in the Next Generation movies?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

I So I am I'm pretty sure this is the one I'm not I'm not certain about. I have to double check. I think Janeway's got, like, a, like, a reference or something to either nemesis or insurrection.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:46]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

Like a like a comm channel kind of thing. Right? I could be wrong about that one. But the doctor Yeah. The doctor is excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

Yeah. And he appears in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

First Contact.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

When the Borg invade Sickbay, they put on the the holographic doctor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

in order to Alright. Delay the Borg or distract them. Right? Yep. And and so I I love the doctor. I love his character. I love the premise. I love what they do with his character. He is, in my mind, the only redeeming part of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

Voyager.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

Yeah. I mean, there's a there's a lot of weird stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

It's been a while since I watched it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

I remember liking Chicochet when I was watching it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

But, yeah, there's weird stuff. There was that weird stuff with what's her face who became energy or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

Tess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

Tessa. Yeah. There's there's all there's all kinds of weird Then he got Neelix. Neelix was always cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

Yeah. Well, Neelix was supposed to be the quirk of the show. Right? But he just wasn't quite there. He was definitely comic relief.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

I don't know, man. So so here's the thing. Right? Like, I'm I'm very clearly not a Voyager fan. Yes. A lot of people will disagree with what I'm about to say next. I loved Enterprise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:07]

I like Enterprise too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

I know a lot of people didn't, but I I am a Scott Bakula fan through and through. I love the fact so one of the things that always bothered me about Voyager was they took all of the constraints

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

out of the universe. Right? Right. They even hit warp 10. Right? There were there are all these things that they like, thresholds they weren't supposed to cross,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

and they did. And suddenly, like, there were just no limits in the universe. And so Enterprise for me was like, okay. We're gonna put a ton of limits on. Right? Now you can't even cross warp four. Yep. Right? And I loved I loved everything about that. I thought they did definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

suffer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

some episodes where they were just very clearly out of budget. Yeah. And and that that stunk. But by and large, I liked the fact that they took the model of Deep Space Nine, and they ran a story over multiple episodes, over multiple seasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

I do think it ended too early. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

I would have loved to have seen them, you know, dive into the Romulans more, do a little bit more with the Eugenics. I think season three was exceptionally promising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

All that said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

they did a great job ending the sea ending the show. Like, that was a really great finale.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:17]

Yeah. So that is the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

I just watched that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

in the last five years. I finally watched it all the way through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

Yeah. I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

Next generation is probably still my favorite. Maybe deep space nine, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

man. I think I would probably put Deep Space Nine over TNG even though gosh. I hate to say that, but I know. See, I I grew up on TNG,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

and it's near and dear to my heart. But, I'm telling you the writing in Deep Space Nine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

is unbelievably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

awesome. It's a great

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

I mean, those later seasons are excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:55]

But when you think Star Trek,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

you think the TNG cast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

And then Yeah. You absolutely three from the original series. So Abs absolutely. And I think deep space time is almost niche,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

right, or niche, however you say it. What's interesting to me, and I I I reflect on this, at least I mean, if if anybody's ever heard me talk about Star Trek in person, they've heard me reflect on this, which is we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

have a a plethora of TV shows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

that are serial. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

And so they they play out over multiple episodes, a whole season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

In fact, we we download

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

shows like Netflix's Daredevil, and the whole season is really just one episode broken up into 12 parts. Right. That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

didn't used to happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

You know, there there was a time when, like, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

AMC channel only played old movies. Right? It didn't have Breaking Bad or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

whatever was FX carry justified. Like, some of these other shows that that play stories out over long periods. You even go back all the way to, say, The Sopranos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

that that was new at that time, but you go all the way back to Deep Space Nine, it predates all of this stuff. It predates every single long running show that is serial in nature like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

I I think in some respects, they were just too early,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

right, with that style Yeah. Of broadcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

Yeah. And I wasn't watching it as it was airing, so that makes perfect sense to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

Think about this. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

Today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

you can DVR,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

stream it as you need it, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

When d s nine was out, when it was it was first coming out, you didn't have any of those options. You maybe had a VHS player that you could record an episode on if you remember to schedule it. Right? Right. So if you missed an episode, you missed a chunk of story. Like, it's it's like having a chapter ripped out of a library book and you can't find it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

They were innovative. I dig it. They were.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:59]

And now we'll see Picard like this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

Here's hoping. I'm looking forward to it, man. I really am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Endgame So been released. Came out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

You have it? It's out, John. Do you own it? Oh, of course. Of course. I preordered it. Are you kidding me? You really have to ask? Do you think I own it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

Do you know why I don't own it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

I I can't because you're cheap?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

Possibly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

But there's a better answer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

than you make money for all the time. Your credit card got locked locked locked down for fraud?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

No. You couldn't download it on your internet? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

I'm running out of ideas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

Because I buy these things on Blu ray discs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

Is it not out on Blu ray yet? I think it comes out next week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:57]

So are you gonna buy it when it comes out? No. I actually probably won't. I made a list of the ones that I don't own yet, and I don't own Infinity War yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:06]

So I'm gonna buy them as I continue to work my way through my rewatch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

which was supposed to be done before we watched Endgame. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:15]

you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

So interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

this past week, there was a $5 per movie discount on the iron mans. Yeah. It was. As well as Guardians two. Yeah. It was. I think they were just, like, trying to sell more. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

I owned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

Iron Man one and two on DVD. I don't own them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

on Blu ray or via streaming, and I never bought Galaxy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

excuse me, Guardians of the Galaxy two. Right. And I thought, you know what? I'm gonna go all in, and I'm gonna just get them. And so I went ahead and I bought them. So I now have everything on iTunes sans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

the Hulk, which I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

I don't know if I care. When was the last time you watched it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

That's a good question. And I feel like you need to rewatch it now that that whole storyline has ended.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

I guess the Hulk can still appear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:05]

Hulk didn't die. Can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

I it'd be interesting to find out. So Patrick told me once, I don't remember the the nuances or details of this, but that there wouldn't be a standalone Hulk movie because of some of the licensing around Hulk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

and that the the one with Edward Norton was a fluke or it was some special agreement. I'm sure if and when he listens to this, he'll text us and let us know. We can only hope. He listened to the anniversary episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:29]

much later than our number one fan should have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

So Sorry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

Oh, well. Alright. He listened eventually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

anyhow, I it's you're you're probably right. I probably should just, like, bite the bullet and watch it. I just don't remember being very good. I don't feel very compelled. Which means you can probably find it for, $5, Dan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

No. No. It's it's still it's still expensive on iTunes. I think the thing is I'd like I'm not a big Edward Norton fan. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

I I don't know. Just I'm just not digging it. So I'm really glad they recast that character. I am really glad. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:10]

So I have significantly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

more that I do not own

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

Ant Man, Doctor Strange, Guardians two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:19]

Homecoming,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:20]

Black Panther, Infinity War, Ant Man Lost,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:23]

Endgame, and Spider Man Far From Home, which is not out yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

I preordered that one too. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

I figured I might as well. Like, I knew I was gonna buy it, so I just preordered it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

So so here's the thing. I've I've only made it about halfway through endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

I appreciate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

being able to pause it. Thus far, I haven't caught anything new. I think I'm in the less,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

like, nuanced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

part of the movie. The first half, I think, is less detailed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

Right. Right, than the second half.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

It it is nice. I cannot tell you how nice it was an hour in to pause and go use the bathroom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

Movie so if you're listening to this podcast, I am here to tell you that Avengers Endgame is a far

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

better movie when you can pause it and go to the bathroom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:14]

So are your kids watching through with you this time or are you watching first and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

I'm I'm gonna watch it first because I I wanna make sure I remembered everything. I I gotta tell you, man, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

the language compared to previous Marvel movies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

is is really not great. Like, they there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

just a lot more of it. It's not it's not overly bad, but it's just not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

it's not great. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

I I mean, my kids have been waiting a long time. They've been jonesing. So it'll probably be one of those situations where we watch it, and I pause it. I'm like, you don't say those words. You know, that thing. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

we'll get there. We'll get there. I did I talked to Lucy. Was like, don't you think you'd wanna watch Infinity Wars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

through first?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

And she's like, yeah. I mean, I guess so, but it's I like, we've seen Infinity Wars within the last month. Yeah. But, you know, do back to back. We could do make it like a whole Saturday. Oh, daddy. I just really wanna watch Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

Know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:10]

Nice. So they haven't seen endgame.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:12]

They haven't seen the Iron Man movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

Is there something else that they haven't seen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:17]

Guardians. Guardians.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:18]

Makes sense. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:20]

you know, now that I've got Iron Man easily accessible, I'll rewatch those and and just kinda, like, reevaluate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

post,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:30]

I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

see Guardians or Guardians two in their future anytime soon. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

This is too much innuendo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

too much just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

I don't know. It's funny. Right? It's a really funny movie. It's just not get appropriate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

Iron Man one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

probably the least appropriate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:51]

Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

I don't know. I say that in the whole, like, Black Widow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

introduction is really not great either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

I'm really glad Disney bought them. Have I mentioned that recently?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:05]

Well, soon it won't matter, Stan, because your kids will be old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

Oh, gosh. I'm not ready for that, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

Alright, buddy. So in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

in a weeks or two or whatever time, we'll touch base and see if you've gotten the the Blu ray. Alright. Sounds good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:22]

I should buy Infinity War first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

Go do it. Go do it now. Right now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

Yeah. Right now on Amazon. You got this, buddy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:32]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:33]

So we'll be back next week, I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:36]

Maybe Stan will add something to the list for episode ideas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

because we're recording early, aren't we? Because my in laws are gonna come visit you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:44]

Yeah. Yeah. I won't I won't actually be able to report on your in laws presence,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:49]

but, we'll figure something out. So Alright. Oh. Until next till next time. See you, John. Later.

