---
title: 'Audiobook Commutes, Hawkeye and More'
episode: 163
date: '2021-12-02T13:16:02.000Z'
slug: audiobook-commutes-hawkeye-and-more/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, I don't have a commute, but you know what I did today after work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

You took soil samples of your yard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Well, yep. Alright. After after that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

I don't know. Go went to the grocery nap, man. No. Nap after work, man. You're gonna be up all night. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Yeah. I was tired, dude. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

I don't know if it's just, like, learning new things and trying to absorb information, meeting new people, but when I finally sat down after taking that soil sample I also should say I ran to the the UPS store. But after I did those things, I ate dinner, I sat in my chair, and I thought, I'm just gonna close my eyes for a minute and catch my breath. And next thing you know, I'm out. Did you have the TV No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

No. The TV was not on. Because There's no music going. The only thing you're missing in the story is somebody turning off the TV because you're asleep, and you're going, hey, I was watching that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

No. Yeah. Yeah. I wish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

No, man. I I don't know. And actually, I guess football is is probably on. Could have stirred because of that, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

Sounds like you're taking a franchise with football this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

I'm in a bad place with football. Yes. My my Steelers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

are not doing well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

and they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

it's it's not like they don't have talent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

which is the worst feeling. Right? And there are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

as a as a as football fan, you have, you know, your division, your conference, and then everybody else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

And the last thing you ever wanna do is lose to your division. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

And we have lost to our division

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

a lot so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

And and the thing about this is right there, we we get some, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

how do I say this? Some just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

icky teams

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

in Ohio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

and in Maryland.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

That it really hurts to lose to. Now the Maryland team, the the Ravens,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

when I lose to them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

I at least know that that's a that's a it's a good football team.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

Right? Not good people. A good football team. Yeah. Yeah. Like, they're they're evil. Right? That that's basically the devil's team. Right? You know, he's over there rooting him on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

But but when you lose to the Browns

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

and to the Bengals like we did this weekend The Browns have gone seasons without winning a game, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

Yeah. Yeah. They have. Now they're they're doing alright this season. Same with the Bengals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

The the problem this week was the Bengals, they they didn't just beat us. They blew us out. Like, I didn't have to watch the fourth quarter because they put their second string quarterback in just to get some reps. Right? And so that's that's a really awful feeling. Like, if you have to lose,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

don't do it in the third quarter. Right. Don't do it in the first half. That's basically what the Steelers did. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

and it it casts a it casts a shadow over my entire Sunday, John. It it really it really did. I just was in a foul mood

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

because of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

And I I generally don't like to let sports

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

taint my mood.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:24]

Which is why you aren't a Packers fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

Right. Yeah. Yeah. Packers fans are emotional. They can they can, like, ruin an entire month for themselves with one loss. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

I don't know. It just it just didn't sit well with me. So How did the rest of the Lemons feel about this? Or did they just like to watch football, win or lose?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

No. No. No. They they were all pretty sour about it. Everybody pretty much tuned out after the half because the game was just that bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

Missus Lemon was off doing art or some other thing Which is interesting because missus Lemon is the person who got you into football, isn't she?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

She is. Yeah. Yeah. I think I've exceeded her in terms of intensity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

yeah. She she totally zoned down on this. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

you know, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

we we wound up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

kegging some beer. So got that going on. And then I I had had a beer keg crisis this afternoon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

less than twenty four hours later. I have run out of c o two. Oh, no. So yeah. So I have beer that is gets kegged, but it doesn't have enough c o two in it. And so I've gotta go do that whole thing, and that's that's just I don't know. It's time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

It's time. I could have done that, I guess. Well, I don't know the shop was up instead of napping.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

You know, here I am. I found out that there's a homebrew place in Marion,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

which is basically a suburb of Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

So I gotta go check that out. They have that wine kit that you were looking at because your shop carries some, the wine expert or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

Yeah. And I I came very close to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

to buying one of those last time I was up there, but I I talked myself out of it at the at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

the last minute. But I gotta go back up, get a c o two tank refilled,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

and and do that whole thing. Maybe tomorrow after work, if I don't take a nap, I'll do that. There you go. I was tired today too, but it was mostly because I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:19]

never broke 60 miles per hour on the 70 mile per hour expressway between work and home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Now, was that because of traffic or because of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

an accident? It was just traffic. Like, you just keep on driving and there's nothing there. There's nothing there. So I think it's just like people not knowing how to merge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:40]

Actually, the real problem is that people don't leave enough room between them and the car in front of them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

So the people have no place to merge. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

I gotta say, man, I do not miss at all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

that whole thing. Yeah. It's tiring, man. Thankfully, I only do it three out of five days a week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

Now, what are you doing for in car entertainment at this point? You are listening to a book? I am listening to audiobooks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

So I started off, I worked my way through my backlog of podcasts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:14]

and then I switched to audiobooks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

Okay. Alright. Just through my library. Any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

any books that you want to tout

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

that you've you've been through? Well, the current one, I can't say the name of them on the podcast and keep her clean rating. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

Oh, Johnny Colmire. But it's about only caring about things that you actually wanna care about, not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

everything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

you know what? I asked you this, not even realize that I was baiting the witness or goading the witness, leading the witness, there we go,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

on the title of this book. So shame on me. Yeah. This is this is by Mark Manson,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

who also writes a blog, a very colorful blog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

this book I don't know. Alright. This actually maybe this a great thing to talk about, because it's been now, it's been a while since I've read this book. I rather enjoyed it, but I did not I don't think I've ever directly recommended this to you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

Correct. Yeah. I don't think you recommended it to me. It just was in the popular category of what was available through my library.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

what did you think, John? Because the reason I didn't recommend this book to you is I don't think I I this does not strike me as the kind of book that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

you would find value in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

I think that for the most part, what he says is true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:36]

It's just like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

what I don't even think twice about though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

I can see that for you in particular. Though I think as I told you by text, I do think there are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:49]

as I'm in like the last two chapters or whatever, and I think that those kind of pull everything together and actually have some value in them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

So so for the listener at home that's like, what what are they talking about? This is The Subtle Art of Not Giving, and then you fill in the blank. Right? So it's it's a book about not caring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

And I think what what struck me about this book, and the reason that I read it when I did, was his premise is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

everybody wants to tell you to find happiness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

you know, in life, in all the things. So like, I read this, I believe I I could check this on on Goodreads. Early on in the pandemic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

and it resonated with me because I was looking around like, I I don't know I don't know where to find happiness and all this crap. Like, this is ridiculous. Sure. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

helped me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

in the sense of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

identifying some of the things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

that I cared too much about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

Right? And I generally felt like going into this that I I was able to say, I don't care about you or your situation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

And, like, I wanna be clear. Right? You should care about people. I'm not saying that. But I but I think his premise, right, is to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

not care about the insignificant things, or the things that honestly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

just don't matter in the grand scheme of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

your world. Right? Yeah. It's good about pointing out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:14]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

what's your metric to measure how successful you are at your goal and calling it out if it's not actually a good metric.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

Goals that are achievable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

You know, goals that Yeah. Like, I just wanna be happy. We hear, especially everybody in the millennial and gen z's thing. Like, they just wanna do whatever and be happy. You only live once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

But, like, that ultimately just makes everybody more depressed than everything else.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

Yep. Yep. Because you're always comparing yourself to everybody else. So yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

I finished reading this one in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

at the May

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

And so, one of the direct conclusions that I reached from this book

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

was to leave Facebook, oddly enough. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

That flowed out of out of this because I realized that I was caring about a lot of things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

that I didn't actually care about, you know, or didn't need to care about, shouldn't care about. They were not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

they didn't matter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

It it definitely gave me some some focus. I would say, John, on this trip that you're making with books, is Atomic Habits on your radar?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

You you're acting like I have a plan. Right now, I'm just trying to hit 14 before the December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

Okay. Alright. Well, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

I this book, I would I would put I I don't know if I'll read this one again. We'll we'll have to see. I need to think about that. I'd like to read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

his his follow-up book, Everything Is, and then, you know, colorful metaphor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

think he has an interesting writing style. I I can't imagine listening to it, though. I so that It's not him that reads it. It's just a narrator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

Yeah. But even, like, the just the way that he writes. And and I was reminded of this, oddly enough, because I just finished reading Will Smith's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

autobiography,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

and Mark

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

oddly enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

It just came out. Yeah. It's just called Will. And Mark Manson is the the author who worked with Will Smith to piece it together. And it is, in my mind, like, could see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

echoes of the book that you're listening to in this Will biography. By the way, Will Smith,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

whack, man. Like, older

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

Will Smith, just crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

You know, I once he starts dealing with with shamans and stuff, it's it's just it's all weird. Just all very weird. Alright. And the don't like Christmas autobiography.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

Well, I just think you need to stop early. It's really really what it what it amounts to. So right around the time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

Independence Day comes out and it's all downhill from there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

Well, it's you can go a little bit for that. You need to get through Men in Black. Okay. Alright? But but what happens is I think somewhere

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

around the time chronologically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

that you get to Wild Wild West, that's when you really should just put the book down, because it's like crazy when it comes out after that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

Oddly enough, he talks almost nothing about Wild Wild West. He's got, like, one subtle dig at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

the movie. Right? Where he acknowledges that it was probably not great. Sure. Now, I love Wild Wild West. I I don't No. I'm not gonna sit here and tell you it's a good it's a good movie, but I love it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

But anyhow, gosh, I'm all over the place. It it it he uses that, like, Mark Manson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

way of talking about feelings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

and emotions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

and analyzing situations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

And I think that that's interesting. Manson's got us, I think, a a unique

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

writing style in that regard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

Fair enough. Yeah. I think the big takeaway from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

the book that I'm reading is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

stop coming up with excuses

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

for what you wanna do and just do it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

Yeah. There's there's a whole element of just, like, seeking out clarity, right, in what you want, why you want it, being specific rather than being obscure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

with goals and desires and so forth. And it's I I do not describe this book as like, go chase all the things that you want or go, you know, like, only focus on yourself. That's I I I'm afraid that that's how we're coming across right now. Right. I really do think it's it's a clarity of purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

I'll give you an example of a Don't be afraid of things you don't need to be afraid of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

Yeah. Like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great point. If you wanna talk to somebody who's interesting, just go talk to them. Like, that human or social beings. So Well, that's that's that's why I'm talking to you right now, John. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

So wow. I didn't expect it on that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

The other audiobook I read was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

president Obama's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

most recent book,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

A Promised Land.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

Okay. So you're a democrat now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

I wouldn't say that, but I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

he's probably much more humanized

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:01]

than you would get out of the press or people who don't actually know anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

Yeah. Well, so this is an interesting book because, one, he wrote it, and you said he narrates it. Right? Yeah. So he actually read the book in the audio. Yeah. And regardless of your political disposition in life, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

I I feel like this is safe to say. I think he's got a very nice speaking voice,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

and I Almost appreciate his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

two times speed. So, you know. I wonder what that's like. That's gotta be weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

But no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

What do think of this book? Because I read this book too. I I think I did I recommend this to you? I can't remember if I read I did or not. You probably did, but that would have been a year ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

Yeah. Because I read it right after it came out. Yeah. I really liked it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

Basically, my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

big takeaways are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

nobody should ever wanna be president,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

and you should definitely never put your spouse and family through being president.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

So more more single guys for president, is that what you're saying? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

People who don't want it probably, but yeah. So, like, I definitely don't agree with all the politics, everything, but he's also, like, not this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

crazy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

biased

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:17]

agenda pusher in all aspects too. Like, he looks at things pretty level headedly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:23]

And if I don't ultimately

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:24]

agree with his conclusion, at least I can see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

why and how he ended up there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

Yeah. I think that's a that's a good way of describing the book. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

you said humanized earlier. I think that's also a great way to describe it in the sense that you get some insight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

things that the media turned into just a glorious flame war. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

I I think, again, whether you agree or disagree, it gives some perspective.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

It also made me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

appreciate the intent even on the things that I may not have agreed with. Right? And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

you know, that in and of itself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

I I found valuable. It it was interesting too, because, like, this is recent history.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

This this is a period of time that we have lived through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

with, I think, consequence to our country, and so it it gave

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

just really clear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

insider's perspective

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

what was happening, you know, here here in in The States. So He doesn't really hold any punches with people who are still living and involved in politics too Yeah. Whether they were from his party or the other. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

Yeah. Well, there this is not this is not a political piece. Right? Like, this is this is what this is what surprised me about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

When I read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

George w Bush's book, Decision Points,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

I felt like that was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

defense of his presidency,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

not an explanation of it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

With with this book by president Obama, I felt like this was an explanation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

what occurred. And it was it was more true to form for a memoir.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

Yeah. I mean, he is, like, he's not shy about saying,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

like, I wish I would have done this differently or or gone further or waited longer or things like that too. Like, he's very candid about a lot of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

Yep. So this is the first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

the first volume. This is gonna be a two volume book.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:36]

It's a long book. Yeah. I guess it's over a thousand pages in print, but it took me several weeks to get through listening to audio on on computers. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

if I if I remember right, correct me if I'm wrong here, it ends shortly after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

the the capture and kill of Osama Bin Laden. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

Which also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

I thought was, when I read it, a pretty impactful way to end that book. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

Because that that was definitely a defining moment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

of that period of time. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

Here's here's gonna be my sales pitch to you. I've I've given you this in text, but I'm a I'm a do it here too. I think you should read The Luckiest Man Life with John McCain next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

Alright. It's by Mark Salter, who is his chief of staff for a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

thought it was especially interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

reading it juxtaposed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

with the Obama book, because they cover the same election.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

Right? Right. And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

they they deal with it. You get kind of a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

not dissimilar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

analysis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

from a very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

not similar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

perspective. I totally botched that. You know what I mean? Right. Right? It's a to totally different perspective, but the analysis is actually very similar, in terms of of of some of the things that happened and and took place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

And, I appreciate that. I really appreciate that. I thought that was kind of a neat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

neat spin on it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

Well, there you go. We got that. John's listening to books in the car.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

And have you have you looked at any of these Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

dramatic podcasts that I've I've suggested to you? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

No. Is this not your thing? I don't know. Like, when the mood hits me, then maybe I'll pick one up. But Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

I I think the Marvel Wolverine one you would like. I'm not sure about Marvels.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

So, like, for audiobooks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

I think I'm mostly sticking in the realm of non fiction right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:30]

Even with podcasts too. Like, I don't listen to any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

story based

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

fictional

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

podcasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

Do you do you ever see yourself potentially listening to Lord of the Rings while driving? So I listened to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:43]

the Children of Hurin, which is another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

Middle Earth set Tolkien

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

short story, I guess, novel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

And I listened to that with Anna,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:55]

but it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

I don't know. Lord of the Rings, might be able to do just because I've read it before. Narnia, I could probably do because I've read it so many times before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

I I think the line, the witch and the wardrobe sounds better out loud than it does in my head. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

Yeah. And That's with Lord of the Rings specifically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

the Andy Serkis, the actor who plays Gollum,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

actually is narrating them. I think the first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:22]

Fellowship of the Ring in Two Towers are out now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:25]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

Do you I I remember him doing screw tape letters for the BBC. Right? Yeah. So there's a BBC audio drama, the screw tape letters of him doing it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Yeah. He's such an amazing actor. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

okay. Even Snow. This is a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

this is a great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

jumping point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

Do you know why it's a a great jumping point?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:53]

Because he plays,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

what's his name in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:57]

Captain America?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

Not Claw. Claw. And it's actually it's actually, Ultron,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

and then later, Black Panther. But yeah. Yeah. Claw. Got it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

it's I I tell you, I almost wish they had given him a little more screen time, because he's just such a fascinating actor. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

But but anyhow, so I think we actually talked about Shang Chi recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:22]

We did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

A couple weeks back. It turns out that your sister,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

who does not like Marvel podcasts Right. Not that this is one. When we spent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

two months just talking about Marvel on the podcast, she was not a fan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:36]

Yeah. So just that she likes Shang Chi. Did you find out why? No. She didn't really tell me why, but she said she that Shang Chi was her favorite Marvel movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

My guess is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

because of the fantasy style animals at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

oh, man. It's been too long. What's the what's the secret land?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

Oh, dude. You're gonna put me on the spot? Dan says, we need you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

Yeah. I don't know. Tallo. I'm drawing a blank. Tallo. Tallo. Yeah. Tallo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

So interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

Liz, if that's if that's what you were going for, cool. I get it. Like, I I totally understand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Go to heruniverse.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

and they just released a backpack

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

that is the the the fluffled guy, Morris. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

Yeah. So so there's some cool some cool Shang Chi swag if you're really into that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:29]

I'm going to imagine your sister walking around with the Shang Chi Morris backpack just because it makes me feel good to think that. So my nieces and nephews would probably not let that happen for very long because they would confiscate it. But they are also regular listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:45]

because apparently they listen to this on their trip to some homeschool group in the car. So shout out Those poor things. This is all they get? Well, they got Thanksgiving last week. That was their request.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So shout out to Lydia, Peter, Paul, and Martha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

Hi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

Alright. So did you watch Hawkeye? Because that's the next progression. We we watched it on Friday night. Saturday night? There were two two episodes dropped. I guess this is a six episode show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

Jerry Reiner reprises his role.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

This takes place Jeremy? After

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

What did I say? I think you said Jerry, but I could have misheard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

I I probably said the wrong thing. Okay. Jeremy Reiner. Just catch him now, so I don't have to write a correction that we didn't even talk about our correction for this week. But Oh, I'm gonna get to the correct scientist and tuck in the correction at the end of the show. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

this two two episodes of the six takes place after Avengers Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

Right? His family has been brought back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

He has a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

kind of cryptic past. Like, if all you've seen are the movies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

you have one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

scene, maybe a scene and half if you count the dialogue with Don Cheadle's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

war machine character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

about what Hawkeye is doing in the in between years. Right? Between the blip and the unblip. Yep. Which is basically, he is running around with the title of Ronin,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

and he is killing bad guys. Like, just straight out With a sword. Anti hero Not with bow. Yeah. Yep. Not with a bow and arrow. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

you know, the the Ronin title is an interesting one. It's it's a a samurai reference, basically. Right? With a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

and if if I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

recall right, there's an element of like wandering around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

Here. I'm gonna look this up. Alright. It's an idiomatic expression for vagrant or wandering man. Hey, I wasn't too far off. I read that Vision's book, The Ronin. That's why I remember this. Nice. Someone who finds the way without belonging to one place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

this is a character from the comics that they brought out for a hot minute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

We're gonna get a little bit of a revisit of it in this show. We don't know to what extent. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

I think we, you know, we've got a sort of an inkling. We're also gonna get introduced to Kate Bishop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

And this whole thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

kinda feels like Die Hard. And I don't know if that's just because it's an action movie set around Christmas time or or what. I don't know. There was nobody jumping out of skyscrapers yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

Was there not? I guess I guess they haven't jumped out of a skyscraper yet. That that's fair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

It didn't start with Christmas in Hollis. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

I wish I could show my kids that movie. I I thought about that. I would love to show it to them, but the language is just so bad. You know? Lucy could watch it, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

Straight to p g 13. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

Pro probably. Because in the nineties, p g 13 had a very different thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

So so Keith Bishop this whole movie actually starts with what I thought movie. Gosh. This whole show starts with what I thought was a pretty cool flashback

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

to the Chitauri invasion Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

From the beginning of Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

And Kate Bishop, she will lose her father to damage from the Chitauri,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

and then she will see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Hawkeye

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

shooting down a little Chitauri craft coming for her, basically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

And this inspires her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

to become an archer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

to become

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

a ballerina,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

a gymnast, like, all of the things. Right? A physical prowess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

unrivaled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

And then we are gonna jump forward to her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

basically demolishing a clock tower at college on accident. So there's like there's like a tease of a comedic element here. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

Her mother

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

is very wealthy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

Presumably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

as a result of her father's death, because they were, like, living in a swanky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

penthouse, but the movie actually opens up with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

him and and her mother arguing about not having enough money. So we don't don't actually we don't know what happened there. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Presumably, though, her mother resuscitates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

this security business that exists.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:10]

We don't we don't I don't think we think she creates it. Yeah. But So this kinda reminded me of, like, the Netflix Marvel TV shows, like, with Danny Rand or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

It very much resembled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

that whole Iron Fist arc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

I I also say there's, like this is not MCU, but there's some, like, similarities going on with Arrow as well, I felt like. I've not watched that. But, yeah. But so so definitely definitely some Iron Fist resonance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

let's see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

She is going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

witness an auction, an underground black market auction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

a bunch of folks that are at a party that her mother is throwing to announce the engagement

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

her engagement to some guy who just seems fishy from the get go. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

I think it's the mustache. I was I was thinking about that. I think it's the mustache and the smile.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

here here you go. Alright. Here here's here's a fact right here. If all you have is a mustache and you don't have a beard, you are automatically suspicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

Alright? Ted Lasso. In in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

well, except for Ted Lasso. Although, I guess, he was kinda suspicious out the gate too, though. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Yeah. But, you know, if anybody can pull that look off, it's Sudeikis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

You and I could not do that. We would look Should we try? We would look fishy. A year ago, we both had really long beards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

No. No. This beard is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

sticking on until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

till winter is over. My my chin is too cold without it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

we've got this underground

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

black market

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

auction,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

and they are going to auction off the Ronin's sword.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

And we don't know why, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

her fiance and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

his uncle are very interested in this piece.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

Then a bomb goes off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

What what do they call them? The track suit mafia rolls in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

Presumably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

they're after the Ronan stuff, but that's actually not that explicit. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

She

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

k Bishop runs away with the Ronan's costume,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

apparently decides to put it on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

and then proceeds to have a fight with the trench coat mafia. Right? Track suit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

Track suit. What a trench coat. Track suit mafia. Track suit. I was close. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

whole thing then kinda devolves into what will bring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

the Ronin, aka Hawkeye, aka Jeremy Reiner, to meet Kate Bishop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

And this this is going to, we think, begin a sequence of events

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

that will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

kind of undo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

at least I think that's what we're gonna do, undo the Ronin,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

and and kinda like put that to bed. Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

you know, start Kate Bishop off on this road of of being a superhero. Right? Because she's she's the next generation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

of the Hawkeye character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

I think there's some enjoyable dialogue between those two. Yeah. Right? She's she's entranced. He could care less. He just wants to get back to Christmas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

So I don't know. Is that am I missing any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

what did you what did you think of the Broadway musical?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

I honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

you're gonna you're gonna hate this. The broad the Broadway musical at the at the beginning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

what was it? Rogers something another? Yeah. Maybe it's just called Rogers. Rogers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

I thought to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

I would go see that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

That's that was my that's why I I left feeling like Hawkeye did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

I think it was probably that I could do this all day singing line then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

Oh, see, it was that it was that kind of thing that had me thinking to myself, like, spent a lot of time on that scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

Right? This the the little bits of song we got, they were pretty great. And you know you know that there's a lot more that music they got wrote

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

for for that scene than they shared. So I I think this is a great opportunity to to share some of that material in assembled. That's what I'd like to see. So there was that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:06]

He takes his kids out to dinner,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:09]

the I don't know if it's the owner or the server comes out and says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:13]

this one's on us. You saved our city and stuff like that. So even Hawkeye, who's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:18]

basically a b tier Avenger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Yeah. Eats for free in New York.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

I I did think this was a bit of a miss on on their part, though. I really felt like they should have been eating shawarma. Yeah. Which was referenced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

It was. Yeah. In the musical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

Yeah. In the musical. And then the other thing, he's walking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

walking down the street and there's like superheroes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:43]

or something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

and some kid shouts, look. It's an Avenger. And then superheroes in costumes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

And, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

he said, look. That one's you. And his response is no. That's Katniss Everdeen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

Yep. That was that was a great line too. Yeah. I enjoyed that. And the the the seriousness of the face too. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

So there were two scenes that I really enjoyed that I wanna call out. One was the fencing scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

Kate Bishop and her soon to be stepfather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

I I enjoyed it. I also enjoyed that you could I I enjoyed the way that she went after him to to actually fight. So this would to me, was like, all the suspicions you have about the character are unfolding here, and it's a pretty cool fight scene. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

I've I've always loved fencing fight scenes ever since Star Trek The Next Generation. So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

the other part that I I I loved, and I I thought it was really funny, but I also thought to myself, I bet John didn't like this at all, was the LARP scene, the live action role love that, man. Oh, did you? Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

Come on, man. Let me It meet will make

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

is basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

Hawkeye's quest to reclaim the Ronin suit. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

there's there's honestly, there's no reason that he can't just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

punch a bunch of people and take the suit and leave. Right? There's no there's no reason he can't just do that. In fact, I don't even know that he has to do that. If he was just a wee bit forceful, he could probably just storm up and get it. Yep. But instead, he obliges them. He goes through a whole LARP fight scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

Then when all is said and done, he actually and I could not believe that they did this. He lets the the one LARPer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

you know, kill him. Right? Fake fake kill him. Fake fight kill him. It was great. I was laughing through the whole thing. I I really like that It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

I dare I must say this on the podcast. I think it's in my top five favorite scenes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

from Marvel TV shows at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

I could see that. Right up there was probably a Loki dialogue scene. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

we're we end episode two, which is what's been released thus far, with them captured

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

unless you are familiar with the character, an unknown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

I believe her name is Echo. I'm 99% sure that's who it is. I think she's deaf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

which I think will become

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

significant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

As you as you've probably noticed, Hawkeye has a hearing aid. He's also doing some sign language earlier on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

in in the in the show. That's a thing that happens a lot in the comics. Hawkeye is routinely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

suffering from hearing loss.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

So, you know, there's there's some nice easter eggs in this show too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

This is not so far, it's not been a deep story plot, but I don't know that I need it to be. Right? Like WandaVision was pretty deep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

Heck, Loki was pretty deep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

Falcon, not so much. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

I just need I just need six good solid episodes. So I'm hoping that what this is is this is the movie that we have been wanting since Endgame that they just chopped up into, you know, six logical sections. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:59]

Yeah. And so far, good. I don't have any complaints.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

Like So are you are you looking forward to release date? Like, are you gonna watch it when it drops?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

We'll see. They they're dropping them on Wednesdays now, which, like, ruins my whole flow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

So we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

Alright. It's not I'll launch your Friday at the latest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

You have to keep me updated, because I know we lost you on Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Actually, have you even seen the end of that show yet? I did watch the end. I think we talked about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

Probably, but in my mind weeks before I watched it, but yeah. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

just doesn't stick out. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

alright, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

Anything else you wanna talk about? Oh oh, there's one important correction that I have to make.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

This was all you. Last week yeah. This was all me. Last week last week you notice the corrections are at the back of the episode, because if you if you made it this far, you're a true listener. If you didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

I don't know. You're you're like my wife. I I have no idea. Like, anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

week I talked about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

Epcot, which you should go to, John. I still stand by that. And I was talking about the rides in Epcot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

and I believe I cited Sorin and the Avatar ride

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

as having been in Epcot, and I am dead wrong about the Avatar ride. I I can't believe I made this mistake, because there's a whole bunch of Avatar themed stuff going on in the animal kingdom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

and that is where that ride is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

And it makes sense. Avatar's got, like, nature and stuff going on. Right? And Epcot is the future. Animal Kingdom is nature. Something like that. There's some kind of theme going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

Anyhow. So I apologize.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

Props to your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

dad Yep. For catching the mistake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

and letting us know about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

I will use this as an opportunity just to plug Animal Kingdom. When I first I first went to Animal Kingdom shortly after it opened for the first time, and I thought it was the most boring park since Epcot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

I was younger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

And and not of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

proper age to imbibe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

the point though is that that park has improved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

significantly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

and I think it has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

some of the best rides in all all the parks. So the Avatar ride is is absolutely up there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

Everest is, in my opinion, the best roller coaster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

You can fight me on this, people out there. The best roller coaster at Disney World.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

And there's a whole bunch of other, like, great rides. I also think, in terms of walk up food,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

if you're not in Epcot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

So Epcot is all regionalized. Right? You gotta gotta keep that in mind. Like, if you're not eating at the countries, you're doing it wrong. If you're outside of doing the the around the world tour with Epcot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

Animal Kingdom Lodge or excuse me, Lodge. Animal Kingdom has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

the best walk up food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

in the park in the parks, rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

I actually think the Animal Kingdom Lodge has one of the best sit down restaurants

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

at it as well. So there you go. If you like flavor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

that's where it's at. I have never been to Animal Kingdom. Should I go there since I've been to Epcot before?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

No. Because you're you're a grown adult, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

I think Epcot will be a better experience for your wife. Missus Colmere wants to go to Epcot, so that's where we should go. You're not you're not gonna regret it. Okay? I because here's the thing. I don't think that before you do this little boat thing that you're you're all geared up for, that you want to be, like, you know, spinning, twisting, turning on a bunch of roller coasters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

and stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

before you before you go, like, I don't know do is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

visit Galaxy's Edge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:36]

That's it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

But I thought you didn't wanna spend any more money. I don't wanna spend any days in the park. Like, I would cut my vacation a day shorter, not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:46]

go to a park and fly in on Sunday so I could sail out on Monday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

So Galaxy's Edge is a lot of fun. Right? Millennium Falcon haven't even done everything there, Stan, because you got COVID. Even done everything. Yeah. Well, I got something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

But the thing is, like, Galaxy's Edge is a great way to waste a lot of money. Not waste, but spend a lot of money. Did you get a light saber?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

I didn't. I didn't. I did go to the lightsaber shop, and I tell you what, Jon, if there had not been an insane

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

line,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:14]

I probably would have bought a $200 lightsaber. You need to build your own lightsaber and build your own droid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

Yeah. There's well, and that that the droids are also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

a pretty penny. But those those things, there were huge lines for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

the amount of swag and gear that is exclusive to that area of the park is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

first of all, overwhelming. But it is just so easy to go overboard and get a bunch of really cool stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

And blue milk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

And blue milk. And spiked blue milk. Mine was spiked. Okay. So, yeah. Rum. Rum in the blue milk. But but anyhow, John, I think you're gonna love it, and I apologize that you will not have the Avatar ride there. But someday, you'll go back with the whole Lemon family. You'll get the four park experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

and and you'll love it. Alright. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

Alright, buddy. I think that's about as good of an episode as we can have this week. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

But I will say that I am glad that you didn't paint your office yellow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:13]

The gray is growing on me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

Oh, you like like my gray? Your orange still still hasn't grown on me, but we'll we'll go with it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:21]

alright, my friend. Until next time. We'll see you later, Stanley. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

This is Stan Lemon, reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

and go get a vaccine.

