---
title: Life Tips and Follow Ups​
episode: 68
date: "2019-10-24T12:42:38.000Z"
slug: life-tips-and-follow-ups/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode discusses the latest Star Wars trailer for "The Rise of
  Skywalker," which reveals Palpatine's return to power and sets up a potential
  redemption arc for Luke Skywalker's character. The conversation touches on
  various aspects of the trailer, including the lack of certain characters (Finn
  and Chewbacca), the introduction of new elements (Lando Calrissian and
  Stormtrooper redemption), and the overall themes and plot progression.
  Listeners can expect more analysis before the movie's release in December.
keywords:
  - Star Wars
  - The Rise of Skywalker
  - Palpatine
  - Luke Skywalker
  - Finn
  - Lando Calrissian
  - Stormtrooper
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

Stanley,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:26]

I'm worried about you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

Why is that, John? You've been down in the dumps ever since we took three weeks off recording. I can't help but think that that is the reason.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

Let's let's stick with that. Let's let's just we'll go with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

Hey. You know what? You know what might

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

play into my grumpiness right now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

Are the nationals losing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

They they are losing. But more most importantly, the fall classic is being played and you, my friend, are holding me from it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

You sent me the invite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Alright. So as we record this, it is game one of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

the World Series,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Houston

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

hit two out of the or hit hit one out of the park for two. I guess it wasn't out of the park. It was it was infield, but hit the back wall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

I think this is gonna be an exciting game. I'm pretty happy with the teams that made it to the World Series. I'm curious. We talked about this a long time ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

Nationals, astros, like, are you satisfied?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

I mean, I don't dislike either team.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

And it's a World Series, so it should be pretty good baseball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

I thus far, at at least the league series was pretty phenomenal, in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

Do you have a do you have a preference between the Nationals and the Stros?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

Nationals because I'm always, you know, over AL.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Yeah. So we we get to this stage of the game. I'm, like, less merited to or less merited. Less married to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

my league. Because if it were the cardinals, I'd be rooting for the Stroes. But it's not the cardinals, so I don't have to worry about that. Got it. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

I've been pretty impressed with the nationals. I'm definitely all in on them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

I think it's kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

cool that, you know, the nationals have never even been to the World Series. This is their first first go at it. Did the expos ever go to the World Series? This is baseball history. That was before my time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

The answer to that question is no. They did not. Nice. Cool. So yeah. I'm always a big fan of the underdog.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

Now the Astros used to be a terrible baseball team when they were in the NL Central.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

Then they went to the AL and found money, I guess. I don't know what happened. I don't know what happened, but they they got bats and they got a bullpen. Actually, pitching with both these teams is absolutely phenomenal in my opinion. Yeah. Yep. Well, I'm excited.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

I should probably be watching

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

some kind of game. Right? That's just on, like, over the air once it gets to the World Series. Right? Yeah. It's it's Fox. Yep. Exactly. So I could probably pick it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

You should, John. You totally should.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

Gotta find my bunny ears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

I'm I'm I'm sure they're somewhere in the house. Hopefully Alright, John. Move. Enough baseball talk. Time is of the essence. We we gotta wrap this up so I get back to the game. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

So earlier today, I told you that I think our Marie Kondo episode, which we recorded three weeks ago, but I think just aired last week, I think that episode changed my life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

Okay. Go on. Because I am purging everything that does not spark joy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

like, physical things, digital things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

the above, man. Like, if there's things that I don't wanna do, I figure out how to get out of them. If there's Facebook friends that I don't really care about what they're posting or don't remember when I ever have, they're gone too. Same with Twitter, Instagram.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

I got rid of some books. I got rid of some clothes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

I cleaned off my desk at work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

Now did anybody get nervous when you cleared off your desk at work? Because that's usually, like, a sign that you're looking for a new job.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

Not that I know of. I did it pretty early in the morning. So Okay. I think came in on a Friday morning. I'm just like, there's all this crap here. My desk is dusty,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

some.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

was it literally the episode that we recorded, or did something else happen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

Probably a mixture of things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

where maybe I just grew up Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

and I decided things aren't worth my time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

Okay. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

So interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

since we recorded that episode, I attempted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

get through the first Marie Kondo book.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

There's multiple ones? Yeah. Is that like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

antithetical to the whole premise?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

Not necessarily. Okay. The book sparks joy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

So I get the recording though, and I listened to about half of it. I really I couldn't do the second half.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

Man, even listening?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

Was it a bad narrator or was it just bad content? It was a bad narrator. K. I will say that. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

there is just a ton of redundancy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

The other thing that struck me on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

this book is that she often references

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

her childhood in this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

neurotic nature

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

she had to tidy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Right? That's what she calls it. And and honestly, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

I'm I'm just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

I don't get real good vibes about her childhood as a whole as a result of listening to this. But I think what what bothered me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

in general, like, I think I agree with most of her premises and her points, but I I think there's there's, like, a aspect of this that she just flat out missed, which is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

okay. You don't wanna keep a lot of stuff. I get that. That's great. Maybe don't get a lot of stuff, which is the piece that I felt was completely missing from the book. Right? So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

You know, she's she's all about, hey. Go through these things, purge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

throw them out. Right? Which I I have a bit of an issue with too, but we'll whatever. We'll set to the side for the moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

it's a more effective strategy to not buy junk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

in the first place, not buy things you don't need. And I think this is where I I see some of the tension.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

She's just constantly rotating things through. Right? So you buy some new clothes, you get rid of the old ones. You buy some new clothes, you get rid of the old clothes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

I I don't know. Maybe she promotes, like, Salvation Army or something somewhere else, but she's kept talking about throwing them in trash bags. I was like, oh, you're killing me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

I I do think I think things like Amazon, and I'm a prolific amazon.com user, but I think a lot of those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

agitated and exacerbated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

a lack of cleanliness in our lives because we it's just so easy to amass things and impulse buy. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

And that's the thing that I guess I was hoping Marie Kondo would, like, poke at. And maybe she does in the second half, and I just never got to it. Although, I don't think so. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

You know So this whole spark joy thing. Right? It was it was all, like, putting it in your hand. She's she's very, like, feel it, touch it Right. And decide if you feel joy from it. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

So do you think that she just missed that completely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

or do you think that she has a specific audience

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:27]

that she's trying to speak to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

Kinda like Dave Ramsey's baby steps, people who have no idea what their money is doing. Like, the first step is save a thousand dollars for emergencies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

That there really could be. I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

there's something to be said for if you can afford a tidying coach,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

you are probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

able

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

to buy and throw stuff out Got willy nilly. Right? So I think there's probably something to that. There's something else that struck me as I was listening to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

her book,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

something that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

somebody said to me a a long time ago, which is basically that minimalism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

is a wealthy person's hobby.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

I I think there's a lot of truth to that. Right? So there's there's obviously a balance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

less less privileged individuals. Right? They they keep stuff because they don't have the luxury of just going out and buying something new. And so, you know, for Marie Kondo and that whole thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

I do think there is there is simply a it's a blind spot. It's a cultural blind spot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

in in terms of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

the demographic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

that can afford to have the problems that Marie Kondo is coaching people through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

Makes sense.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

alright. So no plans to finish the book?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

I don't think so. But I who knows, John? Maybe so here's the problem. Like, I didn't find it very engaging. The the redundancy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

bad narrative. That that's just kind of the style of the day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:02]

Yeah. Redundancy in these self help type books. Like Yep. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

They they don't like, they've got a singular point that they state

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

maybe five different ways over and over and over again. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

And I don't know. Maybe maybe the answer, John, is I just need to write my own book,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

sparking joy for the rest of us.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:22]

You should do that. Yeah. I I can see how that annoys you as somebody who has gone through the school of being managed by Stan Lemmon. I learned very early on Stan Lemmon says something once, and then he expects you to remember it. Yep. If you need to, write it down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

Writing down is encouraged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

Good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

So kind of shifting gears here, I've got a life tip, John. Life tip. Yeah. I don't know. Life tip with lemon. Life tip with lemon. What song should we use for this? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

don't know. I just should find one, though. That's what all of people say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

We I think one thing we haven't talked a lot about is car maintenance, and I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

I'm terrible at this. Right? So I don't I don't change my oil until the car tells me to. Don't watch miles or months or any of that. Maybe that's good. Maybe that's bad. I have no idea. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

My engine filter, my cabin filter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

it's usually like, oh, shoot. I probably should replace those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

I had a pair of OEM tires on my Honda Accord recently

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

that, the the Accord is at 60,000 miles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

and there was no tread. Mean, I they were as bald as could be. Yeah. And I started having tire pressure problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

I'm pretty sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

seven year old vehicle with the seven year old OEM tires were starting to suffer from dry rot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

The other pair of tires

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

had about 35, 40,000 miles on it and were pretty worn as well. They were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

basically the same thing that a dealer put on for OEMs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

meanwhile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

then I had a pair of tires on the Honda Odyssey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

which I was I was purely tempting fate with. I'm I'm pretty sure they were close to a 100,000 miles, which I I don't I can't even believe that that's possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

But, you know, I mean Especially since how many of those miles were in Seymour, and Seymour did not have good roads. Well, Indianapolis doesn't have good roads. I I think, like, the state of Indiana doesn't have good roads. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

that car started off in Pittsburgh, which is is brutal. I I don't remember when I put those tires on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

They were pretty old,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

but they're they're probably 80,000 mile tires, and and I I literally tempted fate. Like, they were pretty close to seeing the threads. Sure. So, of course, because I've kept track of nothing, I have no idea when I put them on. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

I have no idea,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

like, what the mileage was when I put them on. And then this got me to thinking about, like, all these other things that I haven't done, engine Sure. For cabin filter. Yep. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

just just the whole the whole enchilada. Right? Like, when did when did I change my brakes on the Odyssey? That's the way that's the car that my wife drives around with my my kids. So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

here's what I decided to do. I took the massive wad of paperwork out of the glove compartment, and I organized it all. Nice. Right? Yeah. Except that that serves zero value beyond this exercise, because as soon as somebody else opens that glove compartment, they're gonna shove straws and Mhmm. You know, napkins and all this other junk in there, and it's gonna get all disorganized. Yeah. I thought, I'm gonna make a note in Apple notes. It's just gonna call be called car maintenance. And I'm just gonna list out each car in a bullet of, like, here's my last change, the cabin filter. Here's my last oil change. Here's when I put these tires on, the brakes, my last alignment, because that's something that I also lose track of. Mhmm. And so this is this is my my pro my life tip, if you will.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

Make a note. Jot all these things down, and update it as you go. And it like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

it's gonna seem annoying the first time when you gotta do the, like, day zero, if you will. Right? I got nothing on it. I gotta fill it up. Sure. But already, it's proven super handy for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

You know, tire rotation, balancing, that was another one that, like, when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

I remembered it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

maybe. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:11]

So So I get my tires rotated pretty much every time I get my oil changed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

Interesting. Do you get them balanced at the same time? I do not. Just rotated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

the thing that pushed so I I knew that I was gonna need new tires. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

But I kept pushing it off. And then we had this trip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

out to Kansas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

which is some serious mileage. And the last thing I wanted to happen was to get stuck in the middle of Kansas because there is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

nothing in Kansas. Yeah. Sorry, listeners from Kansas, if you exist, if I offended you, but there's nothing in your state. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

so I went and I got them rotated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

and I got an oil change because I knew I needed to get that done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

And they didn't balance them, and at the minute I got on the expressway,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

the car was shuttering. Like, was just shaking. So I was like, ah, crumb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

And and that eventually led me to, like, okay, call the dealer up. Hey, can you can you balance these? No. We can't do that until Monday. I was like, I'm out of town on Monday. That's help me. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

So then I wound up replacing the tires and got everything sorted. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

yeah. Interesting. So I've gone through different spurts of that. So back in the Evernote days, I used to track car maintenance in an Evernote notebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

Everything even down to, like, how much things cost me, but I was driving old junker cars at that time too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:34]

And then there was an app called

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

VeaCal,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:37]

which was primarily like a gas mileage gauge thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

but I also would track

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

things like oil changes and stuff like that in that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

ViaCal app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

excuse me. I sent you my note. It's it's real short. It's real simple. Yep. I am not trying to do multiple notes. I don't want a separate app. Sure. I just want something I can share, and this is Lemon. And I'm trying to only keep the most recent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

like, engine filter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

balancing, whatever Yep. On there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

And and I I think for me, I just I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

enough things happen all at once that I it was like, I gotta I gotta do a better job of keeping track of this. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

So anyhow, that's my life tip. Nice. Make a note. Write it down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

There you go. On the car front, have you, have you replaced missus Colmar's car yet? I have not,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

but I did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

fix her car from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

when she was scared to drive it. So there's that. Alright. Well, baby steps. I look forward to hearing about your car purchasing process because You know what's gonna be awesome

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

is that because I was able to put that off, I am going to be able to pay cash for this car.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

Oh. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

maybe the next episode, we'll talk about purchasing a car. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

So I mentioned this in passing here. I drove out to Kansas. That was one the reasons we recorded earlier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

to see our friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

and I think former listener of the show. I have no idea if he looks No. He's a former listener?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

I've got a suspicion he's a former listener. Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

The the right reverend Fanker of Kansas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

and form form formally, the meat rubs by Fanker. I say formally because he smoked meat rubs like He smoked steak,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

pork, and chicken for me, and he did not use his own rub.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:31]

Yeah. What's Finker doing with his life?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

I don't I don't know, man. I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

he he did a fine job with all his meat. The pork

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

was absolutely fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

I ate that, I think, three meals in a row. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

I have no regrets. I will say that my triglycerides were exceptionally high when I got my blood work done following this, but, you know, it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

So So Finger lives in Kansas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

and you said there's nothing to do in Kansas. So did you just eat the whole time or what? Yeah. Pretty much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

The kids played. We ate. Nice. That was that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

My kind of vacation, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

we've been talking about for a while doing, like, a a bonus round or, like, a rapid fire follow-up episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

And, we've got a couple of things that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

I guess, either people have asked about or we have talked about that we're gonna do a quick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

quick lightning round of follow-up on. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

Let's go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

Okay. So my MacBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

Right? Yep. That's first. So I think I referenced that this thing was having issues. I sent it off. It was with the keyboard. Right? My keyboard was? Keyboard. Yep. Yeah. So it came back, John, and the keyboard was replaced. So was the trackpad. Yep. So was everything else in the computer. Oh. So One of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

Yeah. Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

controller for the hard drive was not working. And because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

everything's integrated now, they replaced the whole logic board. So literally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

everything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

or everything got replaced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

And one of the downsides of that is I started with a blank hard drive. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

So I got it. I plugged it in. I thought, hey. Wow. I get to test my Synology, my whole new backup strategy right away. And this is right before I was leaving to go see the thankers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

So I plugged it in, and I attempted to connect to the time machine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

back up, no go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

I was like, k.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

So then I tried it again, no go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

And and I was pretty upset. I was really upset. You can ask missus Lemon. That that drive initially to the Missouri State line was not a happy one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

I left the laptop behind and said, I'll deal with this when I get back. Got back home, realized problem number one, using the wrong encryption key. Okay. Fine. That was user error. Got that. But then it would mount, it wouldn't do anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

Try it again. It would mount. Wouldn't do anything. It was just, like, waiting for the backup. Come to find out that they shipped these logic boards with HiSierra on them, and my last backup was using Mojave.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

And you cannot back up or you cannot restore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

a Mojave time machine snapshot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

to a HiSierra,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

So then I had to, like, set up a user, have to download the upgrade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

and then I had to log out and reset the whole machine, and then start the restore from time machine again. And that actually worked pretty well. Pro tip, if you have the ability to wire your device into your network, you should do it for such things as restoring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

a 250 gigabyte time machine snapshot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

So I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

aborted my first run and then plugged it in and did the second one, and, got it done in in almost no time at all. But then, John, I have had or I shouldn't say have had because they're all sorted now, knock on wood, consistent problems with getting iCloud back set up, had all kinds of problems with the key chain, had problems with photos getting set up correctly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

and then I had to start over with photos, and photos had to reindex everything, which takes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

You have all of your photos from all time in photos, don't you? Yes. I do. All time. And that that data, that indexing data does not get stored to the cloud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

So you are you are punished every time you set it up new, even if you're optimizing for Mac storage by not having local copies. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

Then Spotlight came through and had to reindex everything. Why in the world that didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

like, transfer over? I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

It it's weird though, like, my homebrew setup, the the, like, compiler stuff, all that just worked. Everything just worked fine out of the box. Well, that's good. It was literally only the Apple provided software that gave me trouble.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

That's weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

Yeah. Do you think it has something to do with the encryption to stuff? Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

Maybe, man. I mean, iCloud is so buttoned down in terms of security that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

I I think that very well could be part of it. I I was I was disappointed. It wasn't wasn't the worst thing that could have happened, but I wasn't wasn't thrilled with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:19]

by giving us update on your MacBook, you have also given our listeners a look into why I left the IT support world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

I did not reach out to Apple support, just to be clear, on any of these. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

did search Google frantically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:37]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

So you're up and running now. Good enough to record life with Twist 11. We'll see how your audio sounds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Yep. And just for the record, still have not upgraded to Catalina.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

Alright. Me neither.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Jury duty. So I can't I don't think I ever told told my follow-up on jury duty. Right? You went to jury duty. I did. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

in a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

in a twist of fate, missus Zumman's like, oh, you won't have that much time. You don't need to worry about bringing your laptop or whatever. I was like, okay. Fine. I'll just take my phone, and I'll read on it. And I was using my inductive charger at the time, and apparently, I had not seated my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

correctly on the inductive charger the night before. And I did not notice it until I had gone through security and signed in for jury duty that my battery was at 20%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

Wonderful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

So I then proceeded to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

sit and wait. They had three cases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

Two were felony cases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

And they called the first group in around 09:30,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

and then probably around, like, 11:45

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

or 11:30. I don't remember. Like, it was it was pretty late. We waited for a long time. They came in, said one of the lawyers had family issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

They they postponed the trial. That group was off the hook. And the other group, the guy pleaded out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

so there was no case. And so we got to go home. Just sat around there, did nothing. Didn't even get to answer any questions. Didn't even get to answer any The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

room was super hot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

It was uncomfortable. It's actually the room that the city council has their city council meetings in, which is also very, very bizarre.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Yeah. But my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

my battery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

actually held up. I I took for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

I was in dark mode, only using the Kindle app at the lowest brightness possible, and I put everything else into airplane mode. Nice. And I read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

and only used 10% over the course of about two and a half, three hours. So That's awesome. Yeah. IPhone 11 Pro for the win.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

That OLED screen and having the the, like, dark mode really goes a long way. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:45]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

no jury, unfortunately.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

There's always next time, Stan. Missed opportunity there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

My basement. Hey. I'm sitting in it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

I did paint the wall orange.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

I actually did a Facebook Live from here before we started recording, which you won't know because you deactivated Facebook. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

I'll have missus Lemon show it today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

So, yeah, I'm liking it. I think that my sound is probably a little too hot and echoey,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

stuff bouncing around, so I need to figure that out. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

Well, John, there's nothing that a rug and shag carpet on the walls won't solve for you. Have a rug. I just have nineteen seventies wood paneling and a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

molded brick wall. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

yeah. I bet the the molded brick wall probably gets the most balance if I had to guess. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

So well I got looks good, John. Of books in here too. So glad you'd get up something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

I'm I'm glad your your dungeon is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

in shape and functional now. I like it. I need a map of Middle Earth to go up on this wall over here and maybe an electric fireplace to really complete the whole ambiance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

Hey, man. That's Christmas is coming up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

We'll see if missus listening. She can buy you something. Missus Colmire, I can almost guarantee is not listening. But Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

Oh, that's a shame. Alright. You're just you're just, taking away my joy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Alright. Screen time. I complained about screen time. A bug I hit, my Apple support stuff. Yeah. All of that. Back and forth with Apple support. Yep. Apple support never followed up. Yep. They never closed out the ticket. I never heard from whoever the guy was. Yeah. Big failure on their part.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

But then everything just started working.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

Awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

It was after an iOS update, like a like a minor update. It was a, I don't know, 12 dot something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

And I I found that out purely by happenstance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

I was messing with the one lone iPad that I had at the time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

and things just suddenly worked. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

that actually kinda helped inspire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

me, if you will, to buy two additional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

very inexpensive iPads, all of which I manage with screen time very successfully.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

I don't know. It's actually working out really well. There's some things that I wish I had more control of, some things that are rumored in Apple's screen time pipeline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

more control over messages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

which, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

would be nice as far as, like, the kids are concerned. It'd give me the ability to say, hey. You could message grandma or me Sure. Not the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

But it's not there yet. When it is, I'll open up messages. For now, it's it's bricked. It's locked off. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

I mean, Apple was really high touch point early on when they were trying to track down this bug,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

but then they didn't tell you it was resolved. So that's kinda sad. Yeah. It completely petered out. I even even emailed the guy a couple times and never got a response. So I I I don't know. You know? Tech support's hard. That's all I'll say. Ultimately,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

your issue's fixed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

You bet it is. Last milkshake. Did this come from a listener? Because we haven't talked about milk milkshakes recently enough. I think this did. So I I I think I don't remember who wrote this down, but here's my problem. I couldn't remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

my last milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

After we did, like, our hard push on milkshakes Yep. I I had to, like, go cold turkey, and I haven't had one, I don't know, maybe since December?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

No. It seems like a long time ago. So based on our count, we've had 12 milkshake reviews this year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

So In 2019? Yeah. You you were here in March. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

Okay. So it wasn't December. Yeah. It would have been maybe actually, John, that was the last milkshake I had. It was the one with you in March.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

At the Hambergen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

At the Hambergen. That's a terrible milkshake, Dunda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

I I well, that is true. That is true. I'm glad we talked this through because my memory is totally blanking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

Yeah. After we had the Hambergen, which was the milkshake that started that whole thing, I have not had a milkshake since. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

Interesting. So that's that's quite a bit of time right there. That's seven

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

months. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

So I haven't last milkshake. Had a milkshake real recently either. I think I've had one more recently than March.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

But You did you did a review. Did I do, like, Cold Stone or something? No. That was last year. I don't know what I did. So I think somewhere around episode 52,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

when we were flirting with a year's worth of episodes, you had one. K.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

That so it was the summer. That was, like, July or whatever. Couple months ago, but that was probably the last milkshake I've had. I have had ice cream since then, so we went to the popcorn drop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:28]

when my in laws were in town last weekend,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:31]

and I got some kinda what did I get?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

I don't know. Some kind of chocolate ice cream. But both of my in laws had milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

I I very often will have ice cream, so that's that's not a problem. But I think I I've thought about this. I'm I'm due for a milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

and when I do, it will probably be a Five Guys. I've had the most luck and with success with them in terms of just, like, ingredient delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

Who knows? Maybe sometime here in season two, we'll we'll have a a little bit of shakes. Yep. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Alright. Last question, John. Did you ever update your resume?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:11]

No. We'll we'll go with no. I did, like, update my address and stuff, but my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

most current position is not actually on my resume file.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

I have started

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

working on points that would go under my current position there. Alright. Well, Josh Buenaer, if you're listening, John's apparently not interested in leaving. Otherwise, he would have his resume. So I guess that's good news for you, but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:35]

I look forward to changed now, though. I'm not entirely sure what my title is. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

you only have one title per job. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

I do. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

Only the most recent. We could talk about that some other time. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

okay. Alright. That's all the follow-up. That's the rapid fire follow-up. So last bit rapid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

But I don't know. We we got to that in, like, less than ten minutes. To me, that's impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

Last thing, we'll end on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

Did you catch the final trailer for the rise of Skywalker that got released last night? So I did not see that it was released until this morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

Then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

I was working on stuff, so eventually Josh McNary walks in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

and we do our daily check-in thing. And he asked if I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

watched the trailer yet, and they're like, no. I haven't watched it yet. Didn't see it till I woke up this morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

Then and there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:30]

we had to go watch the trailer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

I watched it then, and I've watched it a couple times since then. So I've seen it about three times a day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

So just to show how bad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

the last Jedi was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

I did not even realize that the last trailer was dropping last night or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

that tickets were going to be available as soon as the last trailer dropped Yep. Until I was watching Monday Night Football, which is what the the trailer aired in See, this is where football has served you well, Stan. Yeah. Well, yeah. So I was a little embarrassed, but I was like, know what? This franchise has has just brutalized their storyline so much. They deserve my negligence at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Yep. That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

first couple trailers, teasers, whatever they're called, I I really I don't know. They were okay. They I didn't think they were awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:22]

Last was bad. Second trailer was okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

The second trailer was with the all the flashbacks. Right? Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

I I agree with that sentiment. This one has a little bit of a story,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

which I think was overdue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

Palpatine is clear as day in this one, and there's even a very brief shot of the back of his hood at one point, if you slow it down. I spent a lot of time watching this trailer very, very slowly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

In a scene with the Millennia Falcon, you can see the Star Wars Rebels ghost. Like, there's some cool stuff in this trailer. Really? But but there's a little bit of a story,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

I'm I'm intrigued. I was intrigued enough to hop online,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

buy five tickets for opening night, 6PM showing. Not IMAX, not three d, none of that crazy fancy stuff. Just I'm not coming out for it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

that's that's good because I didn't get you to see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:17]

So I could take Henry's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

There you go. I don't think he would I don't think he'd give that up. But Evelyn's excited this will be the first Star Wars movie she's seen released in theaters. Nice. So hope hopefully, it doesn't scare the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

heebie jeebies out of her. But what what did you think? What was your take on the the trailer? I felt like this trailer had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:36]

much more of a Star Wars feel to it, which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

I haven't felt since.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:42]

I guess that Force Awakens felt kinda like that with some of the trailers originally, and still when you watch through it, still kinda got a Star Wars feel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

the The Last Jedi,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:55]

I don't I don't know. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

I lost all of just a bad movie. It was a bad movie, and there there really are no redeeming qualities of it. It's a poorly written story, poorly filmed. I mean Yeah. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:09]

So I like the Star Wars feel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:12]

Lots of cool things in there. I almost cheered up a little bit at c three p o's line there, which is probably taken completely out of the context of this film then, but it was it was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:22]

a good part of the trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

Yeah. I do wonder how out of context that is. It'll be it'll be interesting to see how all these fold together. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

There's there's some interesting scenes where you have Kylo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

and Rey in opposition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

And then you also have another scene where they're slicing down what looks like a droid together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:42]

You think it's a droid?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

I I couldn't figure out what else it would be. I that was an So look at the top,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

doesn't it look like Vader's helmet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

I I'll I'll send you a screenshot. Think if it slowed down because Alright. I shared this actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

with with Patty last night because I I texted him trying to confirm that tickets were being released because I think he would have the the down low on Reddit. No. So I woke up to an email from movietickets.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:08]

or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

Okay. That's what they were.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

Yeah. Again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

I was, I don't know, a little embarrassed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

definitely caught off guard. Alright. I sent you the first frame of this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

and I I, for the life of me, can't rationalize this as Vader. I know. One,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

whatever that is is too short.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:31]

And and second I of all think that they set Vader's helmet up on something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:37]

Maybe, but this because it looks like stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

Could be. You think that's maybe where he had the helmet and he was, like, worshiping Yeah. Him prior? Now what's interesting here is that he still has his mask on at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

He does. And he does not in other frames of this trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

Yep. So I don't know. I I don't believe that the scenes we saw were in sequence. I know that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

I you know, we'll see. So Lando is back in this one. Yep. There's a very brief shot of him at the beginning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

I just sent you that that Palpatine. Yeah. Yeah. The Palpatine back of the head shot. The way that they interspersed this together, it was very misleading. It's very clever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

I I don't know, man. Yeah. I'm I'm curious. The last trailer set up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:29]

kind of this, like, vision versus reality sort of dual thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:36]

presumably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:37]

So I'm curious how much of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

this footage is in vision mode and how much is actual reality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

No. I'm I'm definitely with you. So I'll I'll say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

I'm obviously gonna go. I already bought my tickets. Yep. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

I can't say that I'm as excited as I was when The Force Awakens came out. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

However, this whole Palpatine element

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:02]

Is interesting. Does have me yeah. It's interesting. It has me more excited about this than I thought I would be. Sure. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

you know, I I I was excited for The Last Jedi,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

maybe it was the hype that that just crippled it. But that that's another movie too. The more I watch it, the more I dislike it. Yep. It it just gets worse. So So what was the most disappointing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:24]

part of this trailer for you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

No Mark Hamill. No no clear Mark Hamill, think. Got his voice a couple places. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

Yeah. And and I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

I I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

I don't know. Like, I I I kinda I didn't like his presence in The Last Jedi. Right? Like, I thought they wasted And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

so if they can somehow redeem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

Luke's exit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

the whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

Skywalker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

saga,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

that would that would be nice. I I would love that. I will so in the course of my conversation with Patty last night,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

I postulated this, and we'll see what you think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

JJ Abrams

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

did this final film. He is which is ironic because after Force Awakens, he said, you know, no more no more sci fi Sure. Like reboots. Like, the only his own original stuff. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

maybe he didn't mean more Star Wars movies. Maybe he's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

resurrecting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

the whole series. So sorry, Robocop. You're you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

not getting a g j Abrams reboot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

But here here's what struck me. He was very clear that the Skywalker saga

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:37]

ends with this movie. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

How does the saga end unless Kylo Ren dies in this movie?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:47]

True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

So the only thing I'm certain about, besides the fact that Palpatine's in this one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

is that Kylo Ren will die before the end of the film. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

Very interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

So So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:00]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:01]

most disappointing part of this trailer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:04]

was the first shot of Finn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:07]

really. And it brought back all the memories of how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

The Last Jedi ruined the Finn character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:18]

I I don't know if he can be redeemed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

Finn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

what what little love I had for Finn, I think, got wasted away in The Last Jedi because his character was especially awful Yep. In that movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

It's which is sad because John Boyega, he he rocks. Yep. Okay? Alan, you have Stormtrooper

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:41]

who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

turns good. Like Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

Yeah. Yeah. It'd be interesting to see if captain Vasma makes a comeback. We've had no indication. I think she's probably dead, but that might be a nice resurgence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Interestingly, I didn't see any hucks in this one either,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

which was a a glaring absence that I'm not sure what to make of. Yeah. Maybe it was just time. Maybe it's maybe it's a hint. We'll see. We'll see. I'm sure we'll analyze

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

Star Wars a little bit more prior to December 19. But don't worry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:18]

listeners who don't care about movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:20]

We won't spend as much time on this as we did on the Marvel movies. Hang in there, Liz. We'll minimize Star Wars. We promise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

On that note, John, I'm going to go and see how the nationals are doing. Alright. You, my friend, should find those bunny ears and watch them too. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

should. But it's almost bedtime, Stan. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:39]

Later, John. See you.
