---
title: Movies During the Pandemic
episode: 90
date: '2020-07-02T11:42:07.000Z'
slug: movies-during-the-pandemic/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So, John, I've got a guest with us tonight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

Oh, yeah?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:30]

Evelyn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Did you catch that? Evelyn?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:33]

Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

The littlest lemon?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

Excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

So so for a while now, Evelyn has wanted to be on the podcast. She's requested several times. And with us rebooting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

I figured there was no time quite like the present. Say hello, Evelyn. Hi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:50]

Hi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

Hi, Evelyn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

I guess since we have you here, I hear you are the connoisseur of all things donut.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

Wait. You know do you know what the word connoisseur means?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

You're you're a professional donut eater. Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:10]

Excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

So what is your favorite place to get donuts?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:18]

Long's Bakery.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

Long's Bakery. So not Krispy Kreme?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

I don't know that she's ever had a Krispy Kreme. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

Uh-oh. No Krispy Kremes in Indianapolis. Have you ever had Dunkin' Donuts?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:34]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

Yes. So Long's Bakery is better than Dunkin' Donuts. Alright. I believe that you are the expert donut person because I do not like Dunkin' Donuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

What what's the other donut shop you like to go to, Evelyn?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:47]

Jack's Doughnuts. Jack's Doughnuts. Jack's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

So Long's Bakery and Jack's Doughnuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

So what kind of doughnut do you get from these places?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:57]

So now

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:00]

Jack's donuts

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:02]

used to have it, but I really

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:05]

loved it. But they used to have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:08]

a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:11]

donut with some candy corn on top.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

Candy corn on a doughnut?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

So do you do you like candy corn by itself or just on doughnuts?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:24]

Both.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

Both?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

Excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

Any other kind of donuts that you like? Maple donuts. There we go. Donuts. Missus Kollmeyer would like maple donuts with you. And you you get the maple donuts from Long's. Right? Mhmm. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

Alrighty. Well, that is our that is our doughnut review for the evening. So thank you, Evelyn, for joining us. We have one more question for you, though. Oh, oh, oh, here we go. We're gonna go off the doughnut topic, though. Who is your favorite Marvel character?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:54]

I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:56]

think it's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:57]

Iron Man or Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

Iron Man or Captain Marvel. Good choices. Good choices.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

And do you have a favorite milkshake flavor?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

Daddy, do I? You like you like vanilla?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:11]

I like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

Yeah. Good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:14]

answer. Excellent. Answer. Thank you, Evelyn. Thank you. It was nice to have another lemon on life with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

So first episode back and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

almost on queue, Dan Chaz took to Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

It was before queue, before he listened to the episode where we called him out for having opinions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

What what was his what did he pregame on the episode? I don't remember. I just remember the So it was discussion around widgets and headphones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

Yeah. So it was, like, kinda tied into widgets. It was basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:53]

welcome to 2009 or whatever with the iPhone introducing all these things that Android has had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

Yeah. You know, this is typical banter for an Android fan. Right? They're like, oh, look. We had this, you know, two years ago. Who cares that it doesn't run on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

the current, you know, version of Android today? Like, I bought a phone three years ago, and it was dead within a year. Dead because Android will no longer roll out updates or whatever. Like, that and I I made that point to Dan Shaz, but I'm the one with the podcast. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

I think at this point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

I don't even know, like this is it's it's almost a worthless argument at this point. Like, worth worthless to fight. Right? That Android comes out with these features. Right? They just, like, throw all the stuff at the wall. Yep. And then nobody knows how to use them. Some people like Dan Chaz does because they spend a lot of time fiddling with their phones, apparently. And it's okay, Danchez. I'm one of those guys too. Don't don't get offended. I am not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

Yeah. You're not. We tweeted about that this week. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

Yeah. Oh, oh, we definitely did. But but still, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

you know, Android strategy has always been to throw everything at the wall and then to stop supporting in two years, and move on to new problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

IOS is like the total opposite. Right? It's a slow roll of features. They tend to be very polished when they do come. And that'll frustrate people like Sanchez who, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

want all the whiz bang stuff even if it's half baked. And and I get that. Like, there's a place for that. You know, that's why there are Linux users in the world. But the the fact of the matter is, I I think that patience is what allows,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

you know, folks like my mom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

maybe maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

older relatives of Dances or even even my wife who's really not a computer savvy person to use an iOS device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

with ease. Right? And not to get lost in their computer. I think there's something to that. Also, the point that I made to Dan Chish, and I think this is this is worth emphasizing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

we were talking about iOS 14 last week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

IOS 14 will support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

iPhone six s, which is a, what, a five year old device by the time this iOS comes out? That is I have a more current iPhone than that, so that's telling you something. Yeah. Yeah. It's I I think this is to Apple's credit. And anybody that makes the argument that there's an Apple tax or whatever, I think needs to take a step back and look at how long

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

know, you not people like me. Right? Because I replace my phone every year because this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

the closest thing I had to a hobby at the moment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

But It's not true, but continue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

Well, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

I'm a tech nerd. Right? So I get the latest and greatest device. That's just what I do, but most people don't do that. Most people do the two, three year cycle Or four, if you're me. Getting yeah. And they've been getting longer. Right? And so I think Apple is catering to those people. Android is definitely not catering to those folks. Right? The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

the iPhone six s is still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

a decent piece of equipment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

and the fact that it's going to run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

the latest iOS version that's coming out this September is, I think, a testament to Apple. And so you can rip on the Apple tax, but, you know, that that does pay dividends in the long term. So that was part of the Facebook banter. The other was headphones. Headphones. Yeah. So I talked about the AirPods, and these AirPod Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:00]

like, the technology with them in them is crazy awesome. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Like, the spatial

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

kind of surround sound virtualization

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

thing they got going on. So I don't know that anybody else does that. I can't say that I follow a lot of the headphone marketplace,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

I think it's So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

Dan Chas believes that all of those features should be available for you in a $20

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

case on Amazon with no brand name on it, I guess. Supposedly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I'm being a little unfair to Dan Chas, but but, basically, he was arguing against the assertion that headphones have to be expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

I I this is one I fundamentally disagree with. Now I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

I think good headphones cost a lot, but I don't think that most people need good headphones. Right. Right? And and maybe there's there's the distinction. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

you know, he and I went back and forth a little bit about wired versus wireless. Wired headphones are always better. They will always

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

be better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

In the wireless, like, realm, I will say that I think the AirPods have really, really good sound quality. And I I think that's reflected in a premium price. Right? I think the the headphones I got, which were not pros, I haven't gotten the pros yet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

they were, like, a $130 or whatever, which is not cheap. Like, that's nothing to scoff at. But it's also not outrageous.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

And and I think not the most expensive pair of headphones you've ever bought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

Oh, definitely not. Actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

you know, the funny thing is the most expensive pair of headphones I ever bought was a wired pair of headphones. It was a pair of Philips over the years, and I can't remember the the model number now, but they were fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

The problem was I kept walking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

away from my desk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

while they were on my head, and I would rip my laptop off and we go flying. So I'm like, okay. I gotta go wireless. Yeah. But, you know, those were those were fantastic headphones. I they're definitely superior. I think when you move into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

sound over Bluetooth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

everything gets dicey. And so you're looking for what the best quality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

Bluetooth sound is. And and here's I'm I'm I mean this. I really, really truly mean this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

Apple, by leveraging their additional chip, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

what is it? The it's not the u one. Whatever the the chip is in the the AirPods and now in in the latest Beats. Right? They're they're doing some crazy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

stuff with that in terms of, you know, getting a reliable signal and managing that signal, and that it does make a difference. I I fundamentally believe it makes a difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

Last thing I'll say, I think that Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

is not the first to price headphones expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

I I they're like, Bose was was doing this long before Apple was in the headphones game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

Good quality headphones have always been expensive. It was Philips Fidelio x one twenty eights. That's those are the headphones I was remembering. Nice. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

Great headphones. They were warm, though. They're really, really warm on my ears. But That's why you like the AirPods. No over ear. It it is. It is. That's why I also have the Beats Pro Wireless, right, which they loop around the ear, but they're they don't cover the ear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

You know, it's a teach his own. I think if you don't notice the difference between a $50 pair and a $150 pair of headphones, you should probably buy the $50 pair of headphones. Right. You know? Or if you're somebody who loses headphones on a regular basis or breaks them. Oh, yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. That person definitely should be the $50 pair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

One one other thing just because I'm belaboring this, I I know I talked about this on a previous episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

but one of the reasons that I buy Apple headphones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

is because of their multiple device management capabilities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

This this was literally the thing that drove me to the AirPods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

because I don't have to worry about pairing them with all of my Apple devices or all the transitioning. Like, all that headache is gone. And I I know that there are some devices now that actually have multiple Bluetooth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

connections, or maybe the dedicated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

antennas. I don't exactly know what what the technology is there. But when the AirPods came out, nobody else did that. Right? And and that it all goes back to that extra chip. And so that is why right now in this moment, I have three pairs of Apple headphones. All three can go wireless and one can be wired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

It's the h one chip. That's what I'm thinking of. H one. H one chip. Yeah. That is that is the deal breaker in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:25]

I don't know. I'm using my Beats Solus three,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

and I use those for just about everything on my computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

Currently, I don't use anything on my phone, so this is kind of why the AirPods are interesting to me. So I can listen to our podcast while I'm on the lawn or something like that. But but you don't like, I mean, you could wear your Beats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

I could. With your phone. Yeah. You just just don't? It's just your No. I'm, like, mowing the lawn or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

Okay. I've actually worn these while mowing the lawn. Yeah. I think I prefer the the Beats, the the little buds because they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

less warm. Right. But I I use these all the day. We all the time during the day rather. We have the same pair, although I've got a nicer color than you. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

Mine I wanted mine to match the MacBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

I wanted mine to stand out. So but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

brand new headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

I I use them all the time. So you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

Are recording this on a Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

This will come out on a Thursday, which is two days

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

before the July 4. And this is a sacred holiday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

for reasons

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

America,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

but it's also a sacred holiday because of the grill. And I'm just curious, what do you have planned?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Nothing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

We're You have anything planned? We're recording in June. So budget starts up on July 1, and that's when I'll think about grocery shopping for July. Oh my word. Like, I hope there's some meat left for you. Are you let me ask you this. Are you a burger and broth kind of guy or you do the steaks? Like, what what's your game plan? So last year, we traveled to Madison, so I didn't grill anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

The year before that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:02]

I might have made chicken wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

Oh, that's that's a good choice. That's a good choice. I grilled chicken in general, if it's, like, a leg quarter, I think is a perfectly acceptable July 4 kind of, you know, food. I think you can't there's really never a time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

where a hot wing is inappropriate. Right. Even even Christmas day, a hot wing is a 100% acceptable Absolutely. To grill and eat. Yeah. So that's a good choice. I like that. So what about you? I know your freezer is stocked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's busting the seams. Doesn't mean I'm not ordering more, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

Well, as you know, my kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

especially Henry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

has, like, gone all in on the hamburger. Right? Last time I grilled hamburgers, he actually requested two patties between his his his buns. So Nice. All all the kid likes is hamburger meat and pickles. No cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

Cheese. He's not a cheese guy. Interesting. He's he's not yeah. But even Evelyn will eat a hamburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

So we'll do hamburgers, and then get some hot dogs too. And, you know, normally, I'm like an Oscar Meyer hot dog That's my default. But every so often, I like to answer to a higher calling. And so we'll be doing Hebrew National

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

this this weekend. What are your thoughts on ballpark franks?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

Ballpark's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

fine. I mean, you know, Michael Jordan was the ballpark guy for a long time. I've got a lot of fond memories of those commercials,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

but I I think I think I prefer Oscar Meyer. And I, you know, I always do the all beef. Always do the all beef. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

yeah. I don't know. Are you you're a ballpark guy? Is that what you're telling me? That's probably where I would lean towards if I got hot dogs often, and I don't really. So I was gonna say, you seem to me like the bottom rack, all the brand hot dog per guy. No way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

But, John, they're so cheap. You can get, like, 20 of them for a buck 50. Yeah. But I wouldn't eat them. I don't want like, the only way I eat a hot dog is if it's a true Chicago dog

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:59]

if it's grilled.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

And Oh, yeah. If I'm grilling, I would probably do brats rather than hot dogs anyway. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

Before we had kids, it was not uncommon for me to just light up the grill in the middle of the day and grill a single hot dog just for myself for lunch and sit and eat it, you know, in between work. I just there's something about a grilled hot dog that is really special. And this is why we have propane grills

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

because you can't do that with a charcoal grill. Nope. Can't fire it up for a quesadilla like you're sitting there for an hour waiting for the coals to be ready. Now Exactly. I'm all for charcoal grill when you got enough time and beer. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

Amen to that. I'm with you. I'm with you a 100%. I think, you know, there's it it comes down to this choice of, like, would I rather grill meat once a month or would I rather grill meat four times a week? Right. You know? And I'm always gonna air on the side of four times a week. So So you're grilling instead of smoking?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

Yeah. I am. Because, again, the kids really want the hamburgers. Feels appropriate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

We'll we'll smoke again. I've been I've been smoking, you know, probably once a month easily. Maybe once for three weeks. So I'm due I'm due probably early July to get the smoker going. Nice. Do some pulled pork. That's the kids like. They love the pulled pork, man. Yeah. I they they don't want me to try anything else. But I I do It's fair. It's very good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

I have a turkey breast that I'd love to smoke at some point. I keep talking about it. Someday, I'm gonna do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:22]

And what sides go with the burgers?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

Oh, you put me on the spot. I don't remember what we chose. Homemade mac and cheese. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

do believe that's that's actually on the docket. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

The kids requested no peppers, though, because the last time we made it was a little spicy. It had great depth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

Yeah. Okay. Homemade mac and cheese,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

and then they like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

this is so weird. This is so weird. Canned peaches and canned pears. K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

So I you know, pandemic. Right? With sugar. We stocked up a little, and they well, that's probably although missus Lemon Eyes gets some just in pear juice, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

they've they've been introduced to canned fruit, and it's it's blown their minds. So we'll do that. And then probably be a salad. Oh, corn. There's also corn, which is, you know, cut off the cod from last season and blanched by grandma Paul. So you aren't grilling the corn? You gotta do that once it's corn season?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

Yeah. We and we definitely will, but it's I mean, the corn here looks kinda pathetic. So Yep. Yeah. Alright. Anything else for fourth of July?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

I don't think so. I missed out fireworks?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

I didn't. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

I I I don't have anything against fireworks. I just never think to go out and buy them, plus they're kind of expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

The neighbors around here light up a ton of stuff, so we can just sit out back and watch it. Nice. Yeah. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

I don't know. And I'm I'm cool with that. What about you? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

that the big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

that the big thing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:51]

for Freedom Fest is canceled this year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

So, like, last year, we didn't go watch them at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

So yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

Yeah. All all of our stuff, all the big stuff has been canceled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

So, you know, it is what it is. It's those those things are hard for us to go to even when they're not canceled because our kids go to bed before it's dark. I mean, well, like, on the precipice when it's dark. Right? Yeah. And I I just think that's that's tricky. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

Alright. You've been watching lots of movies recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

Like, you said, hey. I watched this. The next day, hey. I watched these two more movies. So are you up to, like, three movies a day now or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

No. Not three movies a day, but we we definitely have watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

a ton of movies. You asked me to list them out. So I'm I'm not gonna do these in the order I wrote them out, but we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

yeah. I'll put these out here, then you can critique me. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

you know, pandemic started and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

Frozen two came out. I've I've watched that a couple of times

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

I'm not really proud of that. We we did watch the the Frozen original as well. So I'm gonna I have to watch that again before I watch Frozen two. I've seen Frozen one time in my entire life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Okay. Well, it's quite the air worm. Let me tell you what.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

You know what I didn't put on this list? What was that one that Disney released early to Disney plus? You saw it in theaters. Onward.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

Onward. Yes. I did watch Onward with the kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

In preparation for Star Wars' release, we watched Force Awakens and The Last Jedi. I'm sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

Listen. Force Awakens is a good movie. Right. The Last Jedi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

again, it's I think I live texted you throughout that movie because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

Yeah. As soon as they cut to Canto Bight, it just gets so bad. It it there's nothing redeeming of that movie. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

The The Rise of Skywalker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

was excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

The I think don't know if I would call it excellent, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

Okay. Of the three of the three, it's excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

Here's what dawned on me though. Again, I maybe I've said this before, but it really stuck out to me while watching all three together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

They squandered those characters in number two. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

number three made me so bitter about number two, watching that close together because you get to see some of the dynamic come back. Yeah. And it's like, that was the last one, you know? We coulda had two of those, but no. You you had to do The Last Jedi and Rian Johnson, whatever the heck he was thinking. So that was that. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

of the Marvel movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

All all of them. Well, not Guardians two. I skipped Guardians two. But all all of the all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

of the Marvel movies. So that was that was a lot. I mean, that's a lot of watching right there. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

my kids liked them, so we we did that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

Let me see. I watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

Apple had a bunch of movies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

free for Juneteenth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

which was awesome. They were great movies. So I watched,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

I watched The Banker actually when it came out. They made that one free for everybody on Juneteenth, but The Banker was a fantastic movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Then I watched Just Mercy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

which was unbelievably good and heart wrenching.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

I watched Selma, which was pretty excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

I watched Do the Right Thing, is a Spike Lee movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

It's very provocative, but it's it's very different. So it's not it's not my typical kind of movie. Highly recommend watching it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

at home during a pandemic. So of course, I watched contagion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

you know, right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

It was a little alarming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

to hear terminology that we hear, like, today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

used in that movie because it's it's not it's really not that recent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

Then I watched Aquaman because our friend, Patty Sturtevant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

loves Aqu Man. He's a big fan. And and I would say it was fine. I it's not my favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

it's not my favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

action hero movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

It's not as good as, like, Wonder Woman was, but it's it's fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Then I watched Ad Astra,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

might have been the worst movie I've seen all year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

by, like, a long shot. Like, it was awful. It was it was so slow. That's a Brad Pitt movie. It was so slow. Your first mistake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

Oh, man. But it looked cool. Right? Like, the trailer looked really slick. I thought, oh, this will be a ton of fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

But, no, it was garbage. I, like, seriously, there was one point at which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

the the it went to black and it paused for so long that Sarah actually thought the movie was over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

But it was just a dramatic pause, and it did that multiple times. It's like, oh my word. Just come on. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

So then I watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

Mighty Ducks because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

like, who doesn't like Mighty Ducks? Really, what happened was I got HBO Max for free and Mighty Ducks is available. Was like, I gotta do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

My kids enjoyed Mighty Ducks, so then we watched Mighty Ducks two. And Mighty Ducks two is excellent as well. Mighty Ducks two is a great movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

The problem is Mighty Ducks three is total garbage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

But I watched it. I watched it. And then I flaked out for part of LEGO Batman movie. Oh, I watched LEGO Movie two. That was another one that was on the list. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

So, you know, LEGO Movie, LEGO Movie two, both great. I really got no complaints there. LEGO Batman movie, it's not I don't think it was as good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:16]

I've seen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

the Lego movie, all of the Mighty Ducks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

the first Frozen Ones,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

Star Wars seven through nine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

and all the Marvel movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

But the rest, I have not seen. Alright. Well, here's here's my recommendation to you. First of all, think The Banker was excellent. It's on Apple TV plus. I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

if tonight might be the last night that it's free, John. Oh, no. Yeah. You should watch it tonight. Stay up late. Off here. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

Just Mercy though is is probably the best movie I've watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

in recent memory. Like, I I cannot think of something in 2020

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

that I saw that rivaled Just Mercy. So I highly recommend that. Just a really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

really great movie. Really well done. Well act like, great acting, great writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

So check it out. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

I made my way all through Pixar starting at the end of last year,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

and then we watched Tom Hanks as a bunch of different people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

like Walt Disney and mister Rogers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

I watched the Christopher Robin movie with Obi Wan as Christopher Robin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

Oh, is that is that good? I've not seen that. It was alright. Anna really likes it. Plus?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

No. I think it's on Netflix until the July.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

Okay. Okay. Speaking of which, I did re up Netflix,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

and I watched season three of Jessica Jones, which I do not recommend at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

Yeah. I'm not I'm not a big fan of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

it was funny. You mentioned the Mister Rogers movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

I I watched that as well. That was okay. I I liked that. I I got a kick out of all the Pittsburgh shots. Like, that's just Sure. I loved it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

I also watched the Joker, which was freaky but really good. Damn. I have not seen that, but it's on the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

Yeah. It's it's it's worth checking out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

what was your favorite Pixar movie, John? You said you watched all of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:13]

My favorite Pixar movie?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

Man,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:17]

I think I actually started a ranking for a blog post that never came to be. So as I talk through and buy some time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

so I put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

so the first Toy Story,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

as my top.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:32]

Second Pixar movie of no. First Pixar movie of all time. And just for what it did with the whole computer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

animated stuff

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

and, like, the story is really interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

So I have my top three are Toy Story, Up, and Toy Story three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

interesting. Toy Story three, really. I love Toy Story three. Toy Story four,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

That's another one I watched. I forgot about that one. I watched that one too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Yeah. So I would agree with you on Toy Story one. I think that's that's just unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

good. I think if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

I I would agree with you on number on number two as well. Up is just a really well done movie. The story is truly beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

My number three, though, would be Monsters Inc. So I have Monsters Inc at four.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

Followed by Ratatouille.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

Oh, Ratatouille is good. Ratatouille is very good. You know, it's funny. Up and Monsters Inc are two movies that get me emotional. Not I'm not gonna say frosty eyed because it's not, you know, but maybe a little frosty eyed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

They're just they're really emotional,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

touching, beautiful movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:44]

I mean, they really are works of art,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

and we're two guys in our thirties talking about animated movies. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

We should we should move on. I don't have kids. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

Yeah. At least you have any excuse.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

No. So this all started when I read, Creativity Inc,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

and kind of the founding and how they built the culture around Pixar and stuff like that, and that got me, okay. What does this actually lead to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

So then I watched through all of the Pixar movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

You should follow it up with Bob Eager's book because you can see some of the some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

of the mechanics from the Disney side in the acquisition

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

of Pixar Pixar, and then, like, you know, how they rebirth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

Disney Animation. Because I think one of the most amazing things that come out of Pixar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

like, in addition to their movies, right, is Disney Animation is completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

different. And I don't know if you remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

pre Pixar, Disney animation was in a bad spot for a long while. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

So Yeah. It's done that a couple times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

So there's, like, the classics,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:52]

and then there's, like, the nineties musicals

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

that really took off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

Alan Menken. Right? Yeah. That's the Alan Menken period. Yeah. And then there's basically since

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

Pixar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

revamped everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

with your Frozen and your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

Tangled. Tangled was a great movie. Yeah. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

What else, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

What else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

why have you had so much time to watch movies, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:24]

Well How's that for a segue? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

There you go. I guess you're asking how many movies I've watched since last weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

we we were locked down to the nth degree beginning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

probably Friday morning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

everybody got sick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

Everybody had a fever. And, you know, I being the nut that I am, I've been walking around with the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

the thermometer. I bought a head thermometer. I'm just like swiping people's foreheads. Eventually, got missus Lemon doing it too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

And then, you know, we got a spreadsheet retracting them. So when everybody had a fever of a 100, I was like, oh, boy, what could this be?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

you know, you the thing right now is, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

what I would have called a summer cough may or may not be a summer cough. Right. And and you've you just you get into that mindset where you're like, well, did I did I get the virus? Of course, we haven't we've not really been out and about. You know, we went to church.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

So if we get sick, I mean, that's probably where it came from, church. Right? That's our most interaction with people in a closed space indoors, most of them not masked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

I didn't know what to think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

So missus Lemon and I talked about it, and I said, you know, I was at this point, Lucy and I were not running a fever. This is Friday morning. So we'll you know, tests are free and accessible in Indiana for for COVID nineteen. Why don't you just go get one? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

Because it'd be better to know than not to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

So she did. And I I can't even begin to describe, the anxiety

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

that builds up when you're deliberating through this in your head. And then there's the element of, like, what is it like to get a a COVID nineteen test? Because it like, I've always gone to the doctor's office into the lab. Right? Right. This is nothing like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

Well so while she was there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

she had a a nice conversation with the the lady who did the swab, and it was I don't know how much you've been following, but there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

you've got a swab that they will stick so far back. It's, like, gonna tickle your brain. Or this is a really long swab.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

everything I've heard is it's uncomfortable at it, but it doesn't hurt. Right? Yeah. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

that's what I think we thought she was gonna get Friday morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

But there's also a more shallow swab test, where they take a Q tip basically, and they rub it around in both of your nostrils.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

And that's that's what she ended up having, and then they actually told her like, hey, you know, next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

week, we're gonna actually switch back to the longer swab tests.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

And I think I I don't know if it's, an accuracy or an availability thing. I I really have no clue. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

my wife, you know, thought, well, we should just get everybody tested then because this isn't like, it's not a it's not a big deal. Right? Like, having a sticking a q tip all the way back to the very back of the sinus cavity on a little kid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

seems like it would be traumatic. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

So she got home, and we talked about it. And I was like, alright. Well, we'll just the four of us, well, that remaining, me and the kids, would go get it scheduled. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

you know, the state of Indiana right now is doing this free. They've got a whole bunch of places all across the state. It's it's actually you wanna talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

information technology working.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

You got a website with a map, You can punch in your location or do the, you know, detect location thing. Shows you what's around. It'll show me the ones that the county is running, the ones that the state are running.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:46]

And then you select that facility,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

and you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

can register all online and get a time slot completely picked out. So it's I mean, it it actually is just a really seamless, nice experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

And none of that helps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

you know, reduce the anxiety of going and getting a COVID nineteen test.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

But we we did that, and then I took all the kids, and, you know, you can't like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

one adult with the kids is what's allowed, and you're not if you're not getting tested, you're not supposed to go. So it was me and the other three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

Missus Lemon had to wait in the car,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

and have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

you seen the movie Contagion, John? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

Okay. This was like this is like a snapshot of this. So some of these places are outside. The one we went to is actually in a National Guard Armory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

which you could think of like a gymnasium sized garage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

right, basically for for large equipment. And not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

air conditioned. I mean, it's it's they wouldn't have had it on even if it was because last thing you wanna be doing is recycling air in a place where you're testing people for a very contagious virus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

we we all strolled in, and everybody's, like, wrapped in plastic. So we're we're talking with the people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

as we're registering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

as a big sheet of plastic. I can see them. I can hear them. They can hear me, but there's no contact

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

at all. And even on the other side of that, they're completely covered in plastic. They got gowns,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

masks, you the visor, gloves, the whole nine yards. Right? And so there's there's something extremely intimidating about that. The the the walkways are all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

completely marked. There's, you know, like, sheets of paper on the ground with arrows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

and exactly where you're supposed to go at every stage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

So we we went. It wasn't very busy. There there weren't other people getting tested, was, I think, nice because that probably would not have helped the anxiety.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:39]

You don't like germs to begin with, Stan, than in the germs of pandemic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

like, I thought all of you humans were gross before there was a virus that was, like, spanning the globe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

We we finally get around though. We they they hand us our tests through this little like box opening on the side of their plastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

containment unit. Right? And they set it on this table. I pick them up, and then I walk to the nurse who is completely dressed in plastic head to toe. Right? And she's got a mask, and then she's got a visor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

And they they are like, spraying disinfectant on their masks while they're wearing them. They're wiping them down, spraying disinfectant on their gloves as they're changing their gloves. Just like I hand the the tests because we literally carry the test from the check-in place to the nurse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

And it it's just a lot. Right? And so then she's talking to the kids about what's gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

And, of course, I go first because, you know, I'm the dad. Right? And we we went by age, but but Lucy, I think, was the most anxious about the whole thing. It turned out to not be a big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

They stuck the q tip up there, rubbed it around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

and they, you know, put it in the vial, and we were good to go. The lady was immensely kind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

and just very helpful, especially with I mean, Evelyn is six, you know. Right. Just having her, like, wrap her head around what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

I'm I'm grateful for how how kind everybody was, but it was weird, man. I mean, this this is a weird time to be living in, and getting a COVID nineteen test is up there with some of the strangest things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

that I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

experienced. And I I've let me tell you. I've experienced some weird stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

I've been with you a couple of those times. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

Crazy, man. So So we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

we were locked in all weekend just watching movies because we didn't get our test results until late Sunday night, and everybody's negative. Just to be clear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

Every single person came back negative. It was a little weird that we got everybody but Sarah's. Hers was the first to be tested Sunday evening, and then actually, I guess it was technically Monday morning, like, 02:30 in the morning. Yeah. You were texting me in the wee hours of the morning. I'm like, Stan, go to sleep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

Well, I thought I saw my phone light up, and I, like, I've shot up on a bed. I was like, what in the world is that? I thought, is there any chance it could be the test result? Maybe this just shows, like, the state of my mind from the weekend. Right? Because I immediately then looked at my phone, saw that it was result, logged in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

checked the test result, and then went back to bed. I I mean, I texted all of you, you know, all my friends that I'd let know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

but it was a huge sigh of relief to have five negative tests. I mean, I like, I can't even tell you. I I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

on on Saturday evening, I texted a friend just to, like that lives here in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

Give him a heads up, like, hey, you know, if any of these things come back positive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

I I don't we're gonna we we could be totally incapacitated. Incapacitated. Like, Like, I I just just wanna wanna let you know that you're my you're my backup call. I don't know what I'd be asking you to do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

but, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

if if both Sarah and I get out of commission, like, what? I don't even know I don't have a plan for that. That's not something I've I've planned for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

And, you know, the the worst thing in life, I think, as a parent is to watch your kids get sick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

and and then to know, like, this thing is out there. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

I don't know. These are these are hellish times, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

Yep. Well, the good news is 2020 is half over. The bad news is it's only half over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

It's I it caused a lot of reflection for me this weekend. We don't talk politics on this podcast except when we absolutely have to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

And I don't think this is a political thing. And and I I actually saved a text message

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

that you sent me in the course of the week because I thought it was brilliant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

You said, I wish things weren't hyper politicized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

And then you said, if hospitals are requiring you to wear masks, there's probably something to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

And then you said, if people are being murdered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

you should probably clearly be against it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

And I don't know what was going on in your world, but I thought, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

way I felt Sunday morning and and the the level of anger I had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

I think it was reflected in your your text well. And and my anger was I was sitting there. I was thinking to myself, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

I have been walking around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

with a mask on trying to protect people. And and, again, at this point in my mind, right, I think that I've got the virus and that my kids have the virus. And I kept thinking to myself, some dumb idiot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

got me sick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

Right? And I've I've literally spent the last three months in seclusion to the nth degree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

And, you know, it was it was somebody who was not considered enough to wear a mask. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

I I I really that resonated with me, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

Yeah. I don't know why. I I think I just got so sick of social media and stuff. And, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:36]

alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:36]

Mayo Clinic and the University of Iowa hospitals are saying you should wear masks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:43]

I know absolutely nothing about health care, but why wouldn't I listen to, like, the two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:49]

major hospitals in my network?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

Absolutely. Or think here here's here's the way I explain to my kids. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

I I'm gonna listen to my mom. Right? You're gonna listen to your mom who, for years, as a child, said, cover your mouth when you cough. Right. Right? Like, there is something about covering your mouth that stops something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

Right? It's it's it's good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

yeah, you know, maybe maybe a mask isn't the most bizarre thing that that's ever happened. And I don't really think that wearing a mask is a Republican or Democrat thing. Like, I'm sorry. Again, mom said cover my mouth when I cough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

Maybe there's something to it. Mom mom didn't know my political leanings when I was three years old. You know? Good grief. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

then the murder thing comes from George Floyd. Like, you can't watch the video with George Floyd and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:42]

in any way think that's okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

Now, sure,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:46]

things have progressed past that. Killing cops isn't okay either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:51]

Like, just don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:52]

kill people. And, like, right now, everybody's going back to their corners and instead of working to, I don't know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:01]

live in harmony, like you're all driving on the same bus to the same destination,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:06]

it's just it's a cage match, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

I don't like it. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:10]

if And you like people more than I do to begin with. I'm talking as a guy who doesn't particularly like people that much. I don't really like people lately, man. I'll tell you what.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

There's an upside to this pandemic. All you humans are away. You're gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

You know? You know, I I I think if if your political leanings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

for you you said it well with the corner bit. If your political leanings force you into a corner where you have to defend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

killing someone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

I don't care who,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

anyone. But if if your political leanings, like, get you to that corner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

you you probably should take a hard look at that. Like, I I just don't think that's a place that I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

as a person, want to be where I'm I'm advocating for murder. Right? Like, I I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

and it's a dark place. It's a dark place. And I I think I think you're right. Like, you watched that George Floyd video, if your reaction is anything other than this is awful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

I mean, I I think you gotta I think you gotta take a step back. I think you gotta evaluate that. I like, that's that's just not good. I don't think you wanna be that person. I really don't think you wanna be that person.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:09]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:10]

I don't know. I don't think that's political. I think that's kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:14]

moral thing. Like masks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:17]

I don't know. I I don't know anything about health care. I try to avoid hospital systems as much as possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:24]

But if my authorities,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:26]

and they are my authorities when it comes to health care because that's where they're gonna take me if something happens,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:32]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:34]

I'm gonna listen to them. Now me, I just don't leave the house, and then I don't have to worry about a mask. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:41]

Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

I don't know. I I I think the mask thing too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

like, if you air on that side,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

what what what bad is gonna happen? You know? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

I don't know. If you're on the other side, you could get you could get my little Evelyn sick, you know? My little asthmatic Evelyn who's six years old who doesn't understand that there's a virus out there to get her. Like, I I I to me, that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

I I again, I don't I don't think that's political thing, and I'm I'm think it's a fear thing either. Like, they're trying to paint it as, like, oh, we are gonna live in fear and not do anything. Like, I stay home because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:18]

that's where I'm happiest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:20]

and I don't feel like that has impacted my impact on the economy at all. I buy just as much stuff as as I did from generally the same places that I did. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

I I think I actually might buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

now that I'm at home and have time. I mean, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

this pandemic finally got me into brewing beer and and and making wine, so who knows? Yeah. But so I don't know. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:49]

I don't think it has to be a political thing. Maybe that's just because I hate all politics. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

Yeah. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

These are dark times, my friend. These are dark times. 2020 is half over.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:02]

There's an election this year too, isn't there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

You know, I will tell I will say this. If there is one benefit to a pandemic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

it's that you don't have nearly as many, you know, rallies and stuff going on on the television.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:17]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:19]

That's all I have to say about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

Yeah. I I can't imagine that doesn't come up again, but who knows? I'm sure we'll get comments.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

know, I I I'd love I'd love for people to comment on that. I I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:32]

I'm not trying to be political here. Like, hopefully, I've made that point clear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

Yeah. Yeah. If you if you come back to me and, like, look so one of the one of the text messages I got about something I shared pandemic related, which is just, like, facts. It was, like, science data. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

Was, I see you've become a bleeding heart liberal. I'm like, what? How do you how do you try that conclusion? Or, you know, over the course of the pandemic, I actually posted on my blog

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

about the the numbers, and the reactions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:02]

blew my mind. They absolutely blew my mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

Because I again, you know, there's I'm sure there's there's a political element to everything that's going on. There always is. Right? You get a politician up. Yeah. The politicians will try to spin it in one way or another. Just They're gonna do the cards, man. Like They're gonna do the theatrics, but there are nonpolitical things to be considered, and they'll be evaluated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:24]

And you don't have to make everything a red or blue or right or left, you know, equation. Like, that's because you know what? They both suck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:32]

But Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:33]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

Am I allowed to say that on the podcast? Unrepresented.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:38]

I think I think we keep our clean rating. That was you know, that's I'm not gonna go there. I'm not gonna cover that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

Oh, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:48]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:49]

Anything else, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:51]

I'm glad we should have ended the episode with Evelyn. Bring us back. Yeah. A

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:56]

happy spot. So I I I guess maybe this will be my my closing PSA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:01]

If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:02]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

find yourself sick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

and your state is one that has the testing capacity to test you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:10]

you should go do it Because I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:13]

it's not as scary as it seems,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:16]

and there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

it's a nerve racking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:20]

day or two as you're waiting for your test results. But getting back a negative

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:24]

is is really comforting. I mean, it's really reassuring to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:28]

Monday, just be able to to take a deep breath and not be worried

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

about what was coming next in terms of the virus. Right? And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

you know, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:39]

you made a point we shouldn't have to worry about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:42]

like, all the time. But I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

it's foolish to think that what's going on in the world is not gonna somehow cause a certain amount of anxiety or or just Sure. You know, worry, especially when you got loved ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

And so, you know, don't be afraid of the test. Give it a go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:01]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:05]

So is that an episode, John? That's an episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:08]

Second episode back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:10]

Is that an episode? Wearing a mask. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:15]

something I was playing off Bob Barker, wasn't he? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:19]

He's sick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:20]

Remember folks to Oh. Wear a mask and always wash your hands. I don't I don't remember what I said.

