---
title: iPad or MacBook for High School?
episode: 98
date: "2020-09-03T12:04:03.000Z"
slug: ipad-or-macbook-for-high-school/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses Apple's shift to its own silicon chips in laptops, with
  a focus on the iPad Pro's performance and versatility. Apple's architecture is
  compared to traditional PC processors, highlighting the iPad Pro's strengths
  in processing power, multitasking, and software availability. The conversation
  touches on the implications of this move for consumers, educators, and
  podcasters.
keywords:
  - Apple Silicon
  - iPad Pro
  - Multitasking
  - Software Availability
  - Education
  - Podcasting
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

Are the Steelers even gonna play this year, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

Man, why you gotta why you gotta go there? You just gotta cut right to the heart right out the gate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

I don't know. Our, president is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

apparently talking to the big 10 to make them play football this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

NFL will play.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

I think the NFL is gonna try, and I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

not ashamed to sit here and tell you that I will watch the games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

I I mean, I think it remains to be seen if they can complete a whole season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

But I suppose that football

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:00]

will be slightly different than baseball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

The difference is the players are generally much closer on the field, but they only play once a week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Well, yeah, is that I think I mean, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Locker rooms, people are close. It all comes down to what you're doing when you're out of the locker room. But I don't know at this point if there will be fans in the stand. I'm not sure how that'll impact the game. I mean, that you know, football is one of those sports that is so loud that it actually impacts the way you strategize on the field. So who knows, man? I mean, it's it's gonna be an unusual year. But I I will say this. I'm so so my Pacers did not make it to the next round. Basketball's done for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

My Pirates exceeded all expectations about just how bad they could possibly be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

Which is saying a lot. Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

This season is unbelievably painful. And so I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

I am not sure that my MLB TV is gonna renew for the final month of the season. I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

it's when they're this bad, it is not fun to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

I don't know. I've been a cups fan my whole life, so I've seen some pretty bad seasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

But I mean I have not been watching this season because it doesn't count for anything. Well, there's there's that element too. I mean, I so I've been a Pirates fan now for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

fourteen years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

Fourteen years?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

Yeah. Made me feel old, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

Oh my gosh. This guy. But but I'm just trying to think, like, what let me let me pull up their standings. Don't know. Oh, they're ten and twenty two right now. K? And I I've seen some bad seasons, but October

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

is about as bad as I've seen. And and to be honest with you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

the the 10,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

some of those some well, they barely whatever. I okay, John. Let's we can tell you about something other than sports. This is depressing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

So I've paid absolutely zero attention to sports

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

aside from the fact that apparently Iowa State

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

will have 25,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

fans

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

their

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

stadium for the first home football game of the season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

this is in the midst of the White House saying that Iowa needs some more common sense guidelines

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

controlling COVID.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

Yeah. I mean, my life. I don't I don't know what to I don't know what to say there, buddy. The the thing is what's amazing is 25,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

is is what? One third of the capacity of the stadium? So they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

they're scaling it back, I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

Yeah. Until, you know, restrooms and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

leaving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

and things like that. Oh, yeah. I mean, I think that's that's where all of this stuff, you know, falls apart. Like, I I was thinking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

we we had the Indianapolis five hundred, right, which got delayed. It it's normally on Memorial Day. They punched it back. And finally, they they scrapped all of the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

all of the fans attending, which is which is weird. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

But I I think it comes down to that. You know, could you space out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

you know, a 100,000 people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

at, at Speedway?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

And, you you totally could.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

But, you know, getting in, getting out, the bathroom situation, food, and then you throw alcohol onto the mix, and it's just like a recipe for disaster. So Not to mention fire code.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

Yeah. All all that stuff. Like, it's just so I don't know. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

look forward to when all of this is over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

and sports can have fans and be normal, and I'm just gonna be patient until then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

the Chicago Cubs are three games ahead of the Saint Louis Cardinals. I don't know if the Cardinals have actually played all their games yet or what. No. They're You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

should look at you should look at how many games the Cardinals have actually played because they they missed so many. So they are at 26,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

and the cubs are at 34.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

And I I believe I haven't looked. I should check before I say what I'm about to say, but I think the cardinals were catching up with a bunch of doubleheaders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

I mean, honestly, like, there was a point at which when they started playing again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

there was, like, mathematically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

for them to fit in all of their games

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

was going to be challenging to say the least. Right? So I I don't I don't know what they're ultimately gonna gonna decide there, but, yeah, I don't know. You you gotta feel good to be ahead of the cardinals, though. Yep. Always feels good to be ahead of the cardinals. Brewers are only

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:35]

one game behind the cardinals. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

I'd like to reassure myself by saying that we have a tough division, but I No. I just don't think that matters this year. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:46]

Alright. Enough about sports. Let's talk about something a little less depressing. How's the hole in your roof? Well, it is raining right now. I don't know if you can hear that on the podcast. So I'm over here with the anxiety spike but missus Kolmeyer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

has strict instructions

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

to let me know if she sees water coming in anywhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

Actually an amazing interruption to the episode. It would be, but I would probably edit it out. But right now, my biggest concern is actually the foundation because, like, I don't have functioning gutters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

So Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

Not able to water. Just falling down. I don't think it's gonna go through the tarp, which is over the peak, so I should be good there. But, we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

maybe we should try and make the episode quick then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

If if we made it quick though, would you still get it posted on time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

It was posted on Thursday last week. I just completely forgot about Late on Thursday, wasn't it? After my workday on Thursday, is abnormal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

It's the first time I've ever completely forgot to edit an episode, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

Wait. And that was the best part. You texted me, like, you know, hey. How come you didn't say anything? And I I get I just I don't live in a world where John Colmarie doesn't publish the episode on time. You know? I mean, I What? On the previous podcast that I edited, we were up around 350

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

I never forgot to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

edit one. At

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

the end of the day, I figured maybe you were experimenting with different release times. So usually, I will do that earlier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

Like, we release on Thursdays and Friday is a no good day for anything except things that you wanna be buried.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

So like That was our episode. Usually, Thursday morning is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:29]

the sweet spot there because people are worn out with their work week and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

are looking for something to listen to to keep them going. So, obviously, life with a twist of lemon is what they tune into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

There you go. Alright. Well, I had to rage you about it. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

Alright. This next one's yours. You you said we need to talk about personal business cards. Oh, yeah. So I'm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

like, interacting with all these people, contractors and otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

And, like, I have my work business cards that have my work email on them, but I don't want my work email to get all these things. So I was thinking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

why don't we have personal business cards so I can just hey. Here's my information rather than me having to write it out on a paper form in my really terrible handwriting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

So, interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

I don't I don't have any right now. However, missus Lemon and I did make,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

like, personal business cards for the two of us. Like, it was Stan and Sarah Lemon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

our address, and our phone numbers and email.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

When we first got married and we moved out to Pennsylvania, and then when we got our first home out in Pennsylvania because, you know, we lived in a new place. I was constantly telling people, you know, the address, the phone number, the email address. And and this is, like, before you would like, now, right, I just text somebody and it's like, you've got my number. We're good to go. Nobody emails anymore. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

When you moved to Seymour, I think you sent out an email

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

with your address on did you change your phone numbers in Seymour?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

I I did,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

but not right away. It was it was about six months in or whatever. Yeah. And I did send an email out to everybody around that. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

I don't know that I did that when I moved to Indianapolis. I don't know that I would do that again because I don't think you did. Quite honestly, like, people still send messages to my old number.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

You know? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

I finally got rid of the Pittsburgh one because people were still texting. I'm like, you know what? This just needs to, like, go to dev null. Right? You know what your problem is there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

You had a catchy jingle for your voicemail, so everybody remembers the number. Yeah. I did, but that was almost ten years ago. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

Or maybe seven years. Whatever. Anyhow. But but we did that, and and I actually I thought it was pretty handy because you could just hand it to somebody and say, like, here's my contact information. Didn't need to mess with that. I even used it at the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

at the doctor's office. Right? So they would ask for my contact info, and I just hand it over. It's like, here you go. I don't wanna write it down. You can do that. Right? You can't read my handwriting anyhow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

Exactly. So that's what I'm thinking as I'm dealing with all these contractors or different people or even, like, neighbors. So I met almost all of my neighbors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

Yeah. There you go. When we were seven days without power.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

Yeah. I I think, you know, Vistaprint is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

most of their stuff's kinda, like, cheap. But, like, this that's a really good use for,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:18]

you know, those Vistaprint coupons you get in the mail. There you go. So A 100 cards for three bucks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

I highly recommend it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

Alright. We are on the eve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

well, not the eve, but like the whatever. We're we're right before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

Labor Day. Have you thought about what you're gonna do on Labor Day? Your whole world is in a tizzy. I'm just wondering if you've calculated, like, your meat and drink for Labor Day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

So I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:46]

I can tell you that I do have beer in the fridge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:49]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:50]

it's Blue Moon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

There's nothing I'm I'm not gonna judge you for Blue Moon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:57]

I don't know. Missus Kollmeyer has been in charge of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

menus recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

basically, whatever she buys and tells me to cook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

Okay. But will will she instinctively,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

for Labor Day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

go to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

get get you, like, something for the grill?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:18]

Unknown.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

So I grill probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

every four days at the most.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

So I know that chicken tacos are coming up somewhere in the pipeline,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

but I don't know if that will be specifically for Labor Day or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

Okay. Alright. And then is is Blue Moon your beer of I don't wanna say choice, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

is that is that the only thing you're gonna be drinking on Labor Day? You're go get something else? Okay. I might mix up a Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

And it's you're just talking about the Belgian white, not the mango wheat or the Right. Nothing weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:51]

Okay. Although there are some there are some better not better, but there are some different blue moons that aren't terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

Yeah. The mango wheat, never digged. I crack that. I was I was shopping online, of course,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

this past weekend, and I saw that they have jumped on the light beer bandwagon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

Really? And they now have a a light sky citrus wheat that comes in a tall can. So You are all about the light beer scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

I I I I'm not I wouldn't say light beer, but I MGD 64. Yeah. I I do always have MGD 64 in the fridge for after mowing the lawn. Which Lucy does now. So does she get a beer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

No. I didn't think so. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

And she tends to listen to this podcast while she's mowing. So Lucy, to be clear, there is no beer for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

Until you're 21.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

That is fair game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

And if you buy it yourself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

the, the the thing that caught my eye though about the Blue Moon, Light Sky is what it's called

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

is I noticed that in Blue Moon is I wouldn't call it craft beer, but it's, like, sorta crafty. Like, it's It's like that Sam Adams. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

Yeah. Like, I think they yeah. Sort of. I I I would classify that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

There you go. Exactly. Which is Goose Island now too. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

locale

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

beer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

thing is is picking up. Like, Dogfish Head has a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

local beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

Even Bell's has a light or excuse me, a a local beer called Half Hearted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

And it's it's not bad. Right? The I'm trying to think the Dogfish had one I think we drink that. Last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:32]

time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:32]

last time I was there. Probably. Yeah. November.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

I I genuinely like it. I tend to have some around. I have other beers too, like full calorie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

you know, beers. But I I just I don't know. It's kind of a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

low guilt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

kind of beverage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

so I dig it. But you don't know what you're having. So I guess that leaves it to me to, like, define

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

what a proper Yeah. You plan more in this year than I do. Like, I I literally have not been inside a store since March.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

I've been one time job.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

No. I mean, we're gonna do hot dogs and hamburgers on that Monday because that's, like, the thing to do. This Saturday, we're actually gonna do some shish kebabs, but I just we we talked about doing some other stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

and I kept coming back to it's it's Labor Day. It has to be hot dogs and hamburgers. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

Okay. Why?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I I don't know. Like, well and so that's kinda what I wanted to talk about. Like, why is it in my head that Labor Day and and really Memorial Day too. Right? Is a hot dog and hamburger So I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

hot dogs and hamburgers for the fourth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

but Memorial Day and Labor Day, I think more like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

well, Labor Day specifically, like corn on the cob, maybe a pork chop, some steak, something like that. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

Okay. Because, I mean, sweet corn is in season on Labor Day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:55]

Yeah. It is. It is. That's I mean, here, it's it's probably near the tail end of it. Think we've probably had our last batch of sweet corn at this point, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

your your point is valid. I guess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

I don't know, man. To me, it's it's like grill outside with, like You don't wanna label off. So No. I mean Throw the burgers on for five minutes. Flip them once halfway through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

Right. Right. Right. Hot dogs rotate a couple times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

The I so here here's the thing. I don't normally do pork chops. That's I don't That's because you don't live in Iowa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

I mean, this is a big pork producing state too, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

pork chops are just not my jam. I I don't I don't particularly care for them. So I guess I don't gravitate towards that. I actually haven't grilled steak

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

in a pretty long time, and that might have been a good choice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

But alas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

I've I've gone to the grocery store already for the week, so I won't be won't be back. That's because beef prices have been super high.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

They have gone up quite a bit. I've noticed that with bacon as well. Mhmm. So but okay. So so what I'm hearing though is that steak is your preference there. Yeah. I like to grill steak Okay. Anytime of the year. A specific kind of steak, like what cut?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

So generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

my go to would be New York Strip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

Does

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

will Anna eat in New York Strip? She will. Yeah. She doesn't like it? She doesn't eat steak a ton of time. No. I usually cook them to medium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

Okay. I don't know why, but in in my mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

she seems like she would be a very well done

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

So she is absolutely terrified of raw meat, like, to the point of she gets grossed out when she's working with raw chicken or something like that. Well, I mean, in her defense, raw chicken is pretty disgusting. Like, it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

there's a sliminess to it that's not normal. I don't think she would really go anywhere below medium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

Okay. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

I want I'll never forget this. Our our friend, Eric I remember this too. Yeah. Yeah. You were there. He ate it was a hamburger. Right? And it was, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

mostly raw. I think we wound up we all put ours back on the grill. I'd gotten the I got the ground beef from the local butcher, and he was like, hey, what's it gonna do? And he he ate a slab of ground beef

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

that was charred on the outside but completely squishy on the inside. I mean, it was Yeah. It was beef sushi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Yeah. It was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

anyhow, he's still alive, so I guess it was okay. Does he listen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

I don't I I don't I think so sometimes, but I don't know. That's a good question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

Every He rubs my finger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

Yeah. Every every so often actually, you know what would be awesome? We should get him to make a hamburger seasoning to incorporate inside

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

of the burger meat, and then we could do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

like, a little little, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

burger cook off kinda, like, see where we can, you know, just taste test. If we get them to do a couple different seasonings, that really would be the ideal. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

There you go. So we were talking about beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

Do you have a beer of choice for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

Labor Day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

I mean, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

I I will tell you what I've been lately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

stocking in the fridge. Right? Yeah. And it's it's a mixture of stuff. So at any given moment, I'll probably have a few two hearteds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

I'll have a few Sierra Nevadas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

I will have a few of Bell's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

Hazy IPA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

I'll have some of that Half Hearted, some of that Slightly Slightly Mighty. I keep calling it Slightly Mighty. Slightly Mighty from Dogfish Head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Of course, there's MGD 64. And then just today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

with the grocery order, I picked up some of Goose Island's Oktoberfest,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

it seems a little early.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

It's September, man. Yeah. I mean, like, I'm there. Right? I'll I'll jump I'll jump on board.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

I will say this For what? Couple weeks ahead of actual Oktoberfest in Germany. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

Yeah. Yeah. So I I will say this, Goose Island's Oktoberfest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

is decent. I was I was pleasantly surprised. It's not overly malty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

Right. Right. Sweet taste that you'll get. Yep. And I'm pretty sure that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

the Oktoberfest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

that I brewed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

for myself this last weekend, which was probably gonna wind up being Novemberfest, but whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

is going to be very malty because there's a ton of malt that I put into it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

So much so that the the whole lid blew off the carboy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

in the first twenty four hours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

The yeast is just going bananas. Yeah. It was it was it was pretty cool. So Yeah. So you were brewing last weekend, and then you said you bought this and you didn't read,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:31]

like, the instructions, and you have to let it sit for two months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

Yeah. There's a lagering process, and I don't even know if I'm gonna be able to pull this off. This is like a whole Advanced brew thing. Brewmaster lemon. What what happens is during the secondary fermentation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

you you actually try and drop the temperature that it's fermenting at so that, you know, slows down the whole fermentation process, takes longer. Hopefully, it develops more flavor and Like putting your sourdough in the fridge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

Bingo. It's exactly like that. And so, I have to figure out how to get the carboy into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

what I I'm gonna try my mini fridge, see if I can get it to fit in there, and see if I can notch the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

temperature down. I'm not a 100% sure that it's all gonna fit the way that I want it to, but we're gonna give it a shot and see if we can do it. If it if it doesn't work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

Frankly, I don't I don't know how I'm going to Big bucket of ice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

Yeah. But, I mean, it's, like, for two and a half months, you gotta notch the temperature down. Like, I I don't have it that much ice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

alright, John. In other news,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

I did it, my friend. I did the thing I said I wasn't gonna do. You bought a pizza oven? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

what else have you said that you weren't gonna do? I said I would never do it again. I've I've done it, and I regretted it. And I said I wouldn't do it again. Did you go golfing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

No. Hell, come on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

Gotta be realistic here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:52]

I I really have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

I upgraded my iPad to iOS 14.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

You said that you wouldn't do that with your iPad? I thought it was the Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

Like, you were not gonna I mean, the the last so with the last round of things, I pretty much swore off all betas because I had a lousy experience on the phone and I had a lousy experience on the Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

But I was lured

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

lured no. I was lured in by iOS fourteen's scribble feature that, you know, just Yeah. You get the write anywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

So I thought, you know, my iPad, I don't. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

if something's wonky, this that's the device that is probably less critical for me. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

So I I went for it, John, and this is like beta six, public beta six. So it's it's Fairly smaller. Much better. Yeah. And I and I heard nothing but good things about the iOS 14 betas as opposed to the iOS 13 betas, which everybody universally said, like, these were awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

The the scribble feature, though, is unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

It is amazing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

I have lousy cursive, but I was writing in cursive, like, to search, right, in in the Siri search bar, and it was pulling up emails and stuff based off my cursive. It was just it was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

Yeah. And that that's basically accessible everywhere on the device. Like, you can just you can just use it. And, like, in a note, it'll convert it to text. No big deal. It's it's really truly impressive. They have done a fantastic job. Do you need the Apple Pencil for this, or can you do this with your finger or any stylus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

I don't know the answer to that. I've only tried it with the Apple Pencil. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

I I will say, here's here's my initial reaction to Scribble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

For a non artist like myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

the pencil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

makes sense,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

finally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

Right? So it was it was a novelty for me until iOS 14.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

So now do you have to buy a bunch of pencils for everybody else who has an iPad in your house? Oh, no. No. No. No. So they can all pair that pencil up as they need it. But, honestly, like, my kids, they see me usually, like, oh, I wanna try it, and then they're done. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

And, you know, Sarah and I, we can pass it back and forth because we're not usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

we I I don't think we've ever needed it at the same time, granted I've needed it, like, once in the last year. Right. And that may change, and, you know, we'll we'll see. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

how are the kids enjoying school on the new deck?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

Oh, they're loving it, man. And I think tomorrow, it's gonna level up a bit, because we've we we just put the the new table and chairs out there. So we actually ate dinner out there. Excitedly less exciting than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

having school in hammocks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

Well, that's true. Yeah. The the so we we hung the hammocks up. The hammocks kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

rubbed on some of those beams in a way I wasn't really crazy about. I didn't know because they, you know, they're not just, like, laying on the hammocks. Right? Swinging back and forth. Yeah. Doing yeah. It was it was pretty ridiculous. But they had their fun and missus Lemon got her her zinger, her, you know, school is suspended

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

line out of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

Yeah. It's right up there where there's a leak under the sink. Oh my gosh. This guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

But, dude, the deck's coming along. I got my fire pit. I'm waiting for a a heat barrier for underneath it, and then I'm gonna light that up. And it's it's it's all coming together, and just in time for Labor Day too. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

I will not be there to enjoy it, Stanley. No. Lash will not No. I've been there for Labor Day. I've been there for Memorial Day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

We went camping for Labor Day once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

That's true. That was an interesting story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

My kids pointed to they call it the Joseph Taylor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

chair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

Yep. So at the at the at one end of the table. And today, they basically said that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

this chair is is Joseph Taylor's or they call him mister Taylor. Mister he was the listener of the show. Mister Taylor or Elijah's, whoever comes first. What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

I'm not even on that list? I you listen. Nobody sat at the head of the table, so it could be you. How's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

The, there's actually this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

this is an eight person table, so there's plenty of room. There you go. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

Anyhow The deck does look nice. He he's been over a few times to porch sit with me and and sampled beer, but that's I think you need to record a podcast episode out there, and we can have him as a guest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

I wonder I wonder what that would sound like out there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

Well, you need a calm day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

Alright. Well, we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

see. We'll see about that, John. Alright. But you're gonna enjoy that, especially as fall weather hits. Oh, definitely. Definitely. I I mean, already, like, in the evenings, it's just absolutely blissful. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

so we should talk about another listener of the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

My nephew, Simon. Yeah. Oh, yeah. My my nephew Simon who listens to this show when he's fallen asleep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

I still don't know what to make of that. Hey. Whatever works, man. Yeah. Just keep downloading the episodes. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

So the young man is struggling to determine whether or not he should buy an iPad or a MacBook, and I think he's even struggling with, you know, iPad, iPad Air, iPad Pro, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

Like like, where are gonna where are gonna go? Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

I've been thinking a lot about this because he's been texting me about it, and I wanted to discuss it with you because I'm curious. First and foremost, the average person comes up to you today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

and what do you tell them to buy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

So the average person doesn't come up to me anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

Okay. That's pre COVID, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

That's a good question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

So I am

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

a diehard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

laptop user.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

Like, everything I do, I do on the MacBook,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:40]

and that's just because I've always been on a physical device with a physical keyboard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

You you barely use your phone to text. That's how, like Correct. Laptop centric your world is. I have been using I know. I definitely text more on my laptop than I do from my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

Which which is the complete opposite

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

of Everyone else. Well, pretty much everyone. Yeah. Because that it takes me back to the AOL instant messenger days, Stanley. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

Keep keep telling yourself that, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

Now all I need is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:14]

kinda vague

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

away messages,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:17]

but I guess that's what Facebook statuses are for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

So what do you recommend, John? For your nephew, I don't know. Like, if he

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

what are you using it for? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

or to surf the web or to play Fortnite?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

Fortnite is Fortnite have right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

I I think primarily school is his immediate target. And he he's got some interesting classes that he's taken, so I think he's gonna push the limits of the device in terms of, like, using non stock apps and and just doing, you know, creative

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

things. I think really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

creative maybe is the keyword there. I think when he was looking at an iPad, he was definitely thinking that he would get a keyboard case with it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

contemplating on a pencil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

He he went to an Apple store and actually tried them both out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

And it the, yeah. And the the Apple store guru or whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Genius. From what genius. From what I heard, pushed him pretty hard in the direction of the MacBook,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

which surprised me, honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

One thing struck me though, and I I haven't been able to articulate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

this, so I'm gonna I'm gonna noodle on this here with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

the Apple guy was talking about there's more power in the Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

and I don't think that's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

I'm curious what your initial reaction is to that. So what that phrase, there's more power in the Mac, initially, I'm thinking, I think the iPad is probably more powerful at this point with their chipset and their portability and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:50]

versatility there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

There is more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

I'd say there's probably more,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

freedom

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

from a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

software perspective

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

on the Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

I I think that's a I think that's a good call out on the software bit. I wanna I wanna focus on this power thing for just a minute though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

I think it's hard to compare

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

the Apple silicon that's in the iPad to the Intel silicon that's in the Mac. Now that said, it it reminds me of way back in the day. My first,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

Mac was an iBook g four, and it had a a little dinky 800 megahertz chip in it. But it performed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

on most tasks better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

than,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

this this other laptop I had replaced, which was a Hewlett Packard with a a 1.2

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

AMD chipset. Right? Right. 1.2 gigahertz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

And I I think Apple was just doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

more with what they had at that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

The the thing that didn't exist back then is the Geekbench system, which I are you familiar with Geekbench at all? Scores?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

So so this is this is fascinating because, basically, it's a it's a piece of software. Anybody can install it. You can install it on your iOS device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

or on a Mac, or on a Windows computer, or an Android device. Like, it's they they got the whole gamut. And they benchmark

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

all of their devices

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

against an Intel Core I three eighty one hundred chipset. Right? That's a baseline score of a thousand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

And they measure all these different systems on for different people. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

All kinds of different configurations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

At single core and multicore processing workloads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

Right? And so I I think in reality, most people don't do multicore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

workloads, but they are important for, you know, folks like me in in my line of work and things of that sort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

And video gamers and Yeah. Vid yeah. Video gamers. Design,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

video processors,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

people like that. But the average use a web browser and a word processor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

probably not using it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

you know, we're gonna set aside for a moment all the software bits,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

that that are worth discussing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

The OS limitations. There's just all all that, like, thing. I just wanna focus on the the Geekbench numbers. And, let's let's start with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

let's start with MacBook Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

And we'll compare it against the iPad Air. So I'm gonna look at the third generation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

This is a Geekbench. This is running,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

what would this be? This is the a 12 Bionic chip. Right? Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

And then we're gonna look at the MacBook Air early twenty twenty, which is running

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

I picked one here that had an Intel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

I five. So this is not, to be clear, this is not the top of the line

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

This is your MacBook Air. And this is not the bottom. This is not the base. This is the mid grade chipset.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

This is the affordable one. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

Alright. Single core processing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

Who do you think topped out? IPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

This one was actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

the Air, but by a hair. I mean, thin margin. So the iPad Air came out with a score of 1,115.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

The MacBook Air came out with a score of 1,167.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

multicore,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

the iPad Air smoked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

the MacBook Air. The $29.00 8 because I would have thought that was opposite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

But Yeah. I It's gotta be the chip then. Hey? It it's gotta be that chip. Yeah. So that one surprised me. So then I was like, okay. Well, this is you know, I mean, these are all respectable numbers, right, first of all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

And and the the single core,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

like, the iPad has one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

chipset that you get, and I picked the mid grade selection for the MacBook Pro or MacBook Air rather. So then I was like, okay. Well, what what about if we kinda, you know, go up a notch and we look at the iPad Pro and the MacBook Pro. Yeah. The Lemon Edition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

MacBook Pro, again, I'm gonna do an Intel I five. This is the the mid twenty twenty one. And then the iPad Pro fourth gen, 12.9 inch model, right, which is the the heftier girth one, but the the chipset's the same. That's running

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

what is that? That's the a 12 z Bionic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

What do you think, came out on on single core?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:20]

So I'm all thrown off now because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:24]

the last one was opposite of what I thought. Yeah. But it was it was a small margin, remember? Yeah. Small margin. So for single core, I think that I'm gonna go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

I'm gonna go iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

Yeah. You're right. And by a big margin. Yeah. So the score is 1,123

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

to 924

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

on the MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

And this is the 13 inch I five, but again, like, you know, I I think these are I think these are respectable comparisons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

The one that really surprised me here was the multicore on the iPad Pro smoked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

the MacBook Pro. 4,698

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

to 3,939.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

Is crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

It is crazy. It's absolutely insane. So then I was like, okay. Well, what if what if I start looking at what are the numbers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

for, you know, some heftier Macs? Right? So let's just take the the iMac 27 inch. Right? Sure. That single core is 1,242.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

Again, comparing that to $11.23

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

for iPad Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

Right? And if I go down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

let's do the Mac Pro, the late twenty nineteen, like the one that everybody was crazy about. Now, this one is 28 cores, but we're just looking at a single core workload. Single core workload is eleven thirty five compared to the iPro's eleven twenty three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

And and so I think, like, what what these numbers to me say is, like, this is why Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

is moving to this architecture in their laptops. So beginning at the supposedly, the end of this year and then moving forward,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

all of Apple's laptops are gonna change over to these,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

Apple silicon chips that are in the iPad. And I think the iPad Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

especially, right, it's in a league of its own. It it it really truly is. Now, I I do think it's worth calling out. I don't know if you caught this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

but the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

the iPad Air was $11.15.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

The iPad Pro was $11.23

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

on the single core workload. Right. They they weren't that different, you know, on a single core. Yeah. So this is really the VR and AR play, isn't it? It was to process all that sort of stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

Yeah. I mean, I think so. I think, you know, they they started to up their game on the AR front,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

and you saw them really double down on the silicon. I was trying to I I don't think I did a good job of explaining this to my nephew, but I was trying to explain that my iPad before the Pro that I have, which the Pro that I have is three years old. Like, it's not new. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

it's it's still a really powerful machine. I should pull up what its Geekbench scores.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

But suffice to say, like, the one before that, the iPad that I had before that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

was before Apple did this, like, massive acceleration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

on its silicon and just, you know, blew everybody out of the water. You go and look at any other tablet in this space,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

their Geekbench scores are nowhere near these. Right? Like, they're just not in the same ballpark.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

So I think, you know, from a sheer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

power

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

point of view, I think these devices are you know, they're comparable. I think the iPad Pro has got a leg up. Right? Yep. And that doesn't surprise me, but I think it would surprise most people, especially when you again, you go back to that iPad Air and you compare it to the MacBook Air, and what you're seeing is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

the the single core differences are negligible. Right? The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

multicore are not negligible

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

Right. Which, you know, again, sheer horsepower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

I actually think the iPad Air is maybe a better choice than the MacBook Air. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

But but for your nephew's situation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:43]

like Yeah. I do. So I think the real question is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:46]

what does

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

the school

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:49]

look like? Like, do you have a bunch of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

people who are using

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

surfaces who aren't gonna know what to do with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:57]

a random

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

pages document or something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:00]

like that? Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

No. That's a good call. So from what I understand, they they all get Google Chromebooks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

and they're terrible and don't So, really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

you know, he's he's gonna get something that's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

you know, sustainable for him, not just this year, but hopefully, like, at least get him into college kinda thing. Yep. And, he he keeps saying he wants it for the long haul, and I totally get that. Right? Like, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

I want to think I buy my devices for the long haul, although I tend to You've slowed down a lot recently, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

That's that's that's fair. Thank you, John. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

I to me, I think the question is, like, what apps are you going to use and how are you going to use them? Right? And so you talked about the freedom of the app ecosystem on the Mac Right. Where I can just go and install all kinds of stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

I don't know that most people do that, though. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

I think you and I are probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

I mean, we were people who were doing this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

a long time ago when we were building our own PCs and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:01]

just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:02]

messing around with stuff, exploring the technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

Yeah. Back in the day, and I don't I don't know that appeal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

exists to most people anymore, but I think, you know, even, like, move move beyond that just one step. And let's say, you know, you wanna use Microsoft Office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

Right? I I've said before on this podcast, I've said to you many times,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

the the Microsoft Office experience, in my opinion, on a on a current relatively current iPad, you know, because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

if you got an old one with a slow chip, you're you're gonna hurt here. But it's just as good as on the Mac. Like, I I can do almost everything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

I've ever wanted to do in Excel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

on on the iPad, and and I do use it that way. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

Know, I think the question is, like, we're recording this podcast right now with Audio Hijack Pro. Right. There

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

is nothing of that caliber for recording a podcast on the iPad that I know of yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

Right? I think we'll get there eventually. Sure. And maybe I could make something work with GarageBand or something. Definitely do it with GarageBand or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

I don't know. There's some other options there too. But Yeah. But I I think it's it's just a slightly more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

involved experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

to get there. You know, the other thing that I can't do on my iPad yet is use, like, Visual Studio Code

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

write, you know, a a note or PHP

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

program or whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

Maybe we'll get there eventually, but that's that's the thing that draws me back to my Mac. Basically, recording the podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

coding for for Hobby when I do that. But, otherwise, I use my iPad, and I actually don't use a keyboard case.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

Yeah. So the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:40]

iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:41]

definitely has a broad appeal

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

and overall has made the world a better place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:47]

So my grandmother,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:49]

who will be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:50]

88 at the end of the month,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:52]

loves her iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:54]

And she's had, like, computers to play,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:58]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:58]

slot games on before, but she's never had the Internet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:03]

Now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:04]

she's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:05]

reading her newspaper on the iPad. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

Yeah. You know, I I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

my mom has an iPad. That's the only computer she has. I that's the only computer Sarah has. It's the only computer my kids have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

I can't I honestly can't imagine buying my kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:20]

a Mac at this point. I think the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

the Mac or the iPad is just gonna continue to evolve and and fit their needs. Yeah. I mean, just the OS updates.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

Like, that is what all has probably will convince me to buy an iPad, but this most recent iPadOS update,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:37]

is just leaps and bounds ahead of what we think of the original

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:42]

iPadOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:43]

Yep. Yeah. It used to be the the iPad was just a bigger iPhone, which was great. Like, that was that was an awesome feature. Right? But I I it's definitely evolved beyond that. I think iOS 13, where it kinda split off, did its own thing for the iPad, that was that was critical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

IOS 14 just capitalizes on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

I I understand the appeal for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

you know, traditional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

laptop experience. So unfortunately, Simon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:09]

there is no easy answer here. It really depends upon what you wanna do. But I would say this, don't discount the iPad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

from a power standpoint because there's actually, like, measurable data that indicates that it's it's comparable and in some places,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:24]

Even the iPad Air, right, which I think is a really stellar device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

But it comes down to an app experience, what you wanna do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:31]

And I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

the field of things that are uncomfortable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:36]

on an iPad is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

much narrower than it was a year or two years ago or even three years ago,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:43]

and it's only gonna get narrower. You know? Yeah. And from a like, thinking about my high school experience,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:50]

which was before all of these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

personal learning devices or whatever they call them these days,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:57]

where we still had our actual textbook and stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:01]

I think the iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:03]

would probably be a better choice for my high school experience

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

just because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:07]

it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:08]

easier to carry around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:11]

It does all of the things that I can think of that I would have needed to do in high school,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:16]

whether it's pull up information, surf the web, write a paper,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

or anything like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

Yeah. No. I'm I'm with you. Think in my case, probably for both

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:26]

for both high school and college.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

College would have been interesting. If I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

the same,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

like, classical language

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

apps that I have today, I like, it would have been so much better than what I did do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

The other thing that I keep coming back to though is, you know, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

the battery life on my iPad is better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:48]

Yeah. Infinitely better than my MacBook. And and I don't I don't know. I I guess I think to myself, like, one of things I struggled with in both high school and college because actually, all the way back when I was in high school, I had I had a personal laptop that I actually lugged around with me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:01]

Sure. Your teachers loved you. Oh, they hated it. I was the only one that did it, but but they hated it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

But the the thing that was always difficult was finding a place to plug the goofy thing in, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:13]

And and I think that's still a struggle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:15]

And I mean, I know it is Yeah. Especially in older buildings and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when when I when I travel for work, I gotta charge my laptop throughout the day. I I I just have never had that experience with my iPad. Yep. So I don't know. Simon, no easy answers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

I don't know. John, do do you have any parting words for for Simon?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:33]

I don't. I'm just glad he's in the Apple ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:36]

Yeah. Wise choice. Wise choice. Could be another lemon in the making.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:42]

Start a podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

Alright. On that note, my friend, I think I should let you go and check on the rain that hopefully is not coming through your house or seeping into your foundations at this very moment. Well, the floor is still dry here in my office, so safe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

Alright, buddy. Until next time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:02]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:06]

Wash your hands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

Oh. And please just wear a mask. Don't go to football games.
