---
title: Stan's Portillo's Experience
episode: 9
date: '2018-09-13T07:00:51.000Z'
slug: stans-portillos-experience/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of an after-show, the hosts discuss project estimation and
  agile methodology in software development. They share their personal
  experiences and anecdotes about estimating project timelines, mirroring
  discussions on the main show. The conversation gets sidetracked into a
  discussion about website design and technical details.
keywords:
  - Agile
  - Project Estimation
  - Software Development
  - Estimate Buffer
  - Sprints
  - Building Houses
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:01]

We didn't even talk about your blog post. Oh, yeah. I did that today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:05]

I kinda figured you'd mention it, but you never you never really interjected there and and chimed in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:11]

That's because I was on my bike ride, but I did look at it. Thanks Thanks for the plugs. I don't know how many readers you get on your blog. I was gonna give you crap about the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

the logo image

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

and how it wasn't responsive. I pulled it up on my phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

and it was wider than my screen. Are you kidding

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

I didn't so I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

the first time I posted, I didn't have the image, and which is weird because I had actually messaged you asking for the image, and I went back to go do it, and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

I had pulled the article up on my phone, which is when I detected that the little menu didn't work, and and it hasn't worked for a very long time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

But I didn't pull it up after I added the image, so I I didn't even didn't even catch that. I feel I feel silly having not caught that. But feel like a terrible web developer? Well, I'm old school, man. I don't I don't do a lot of front end type stuff, especially now with images. What was I supposed to do? I just I I put in I think it's like 512 pixels wide or something. Right? Yeah, man. You gotta make it relative. Set it as a percentage or something like that. Well, but if you make it relative,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

can't you then make the window so big that it, like, starts to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

what was it like scale or whatever?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

You can set a max width or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

Okay. Well CSS, man. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

with 50%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

max width a thousand pixels or something like that. 50% would be tiny on a phone. Like, that would be too small. I think I want, like, 75% at least, don't I? Well, you can do, like, a media query too. So if it's on the phone Oh, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

Now you're getting all, like, fancy and stuff. So here's the thing. I I think I just did inline CSS to make it centered,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

which, you know, was kind of a pain. I wanted to put just a line equals center,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

but that's not h two below five compliant,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

which I Yeah. Don't like, why? Why why did they take that out? Because that was actually useful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

I mean It really was. I I get it. Like, styling, whatever, you know, it should be in the Cascade style sheet. But I I was so annoyed when I realized that they it's it's not exactly like I really care about the well formed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

HTML

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

of my blog, the blog that I haven't posted to since

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

I don't know. What what was it? It was like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

it's late last It was Star Wars. No. It was like May.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

May? Yeah. It was May 7. So it had been a year plus since I posted in my blog. So so clearly, it's not, like, a top priority for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

you've I know a Star Trek post in 2016.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

that was I think that was the litmus test. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

If if you look if you look, it's actually kinda sad. Post about once a year. Yeah. It's once a year because I had I had one or two posts in 2015.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

And it's not like I don't have things to post about. I just I don't know. I've gotten lazy or unmotivated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

or maybe people don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

Do people read blogs? Like, am I am I even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

am I even As long as you share it on social media.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

See.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

Well, okay. So interesting, you said, like, I don't even know if you do people come to your blog. And interestingly enough, I thought to myself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

do people still come to my blog?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

because, you know, I I'm not updating it. It's not exactly like there's fresh content.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:31]

But I I looked up on Google Analytics. And and how many, like, how many people do you think come to stanlemon.net

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

on a given week?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

In a week? Or excuse me. Let's do a day. Average day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

You have multiple people coming for a day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

You gotta link to the website.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

I did. I linked I linked to the website today. Alright. So so hold on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

Is it really that surprising that I have multiple people come to it a day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

No. Because you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

your name's out there, especially if they're finding j growl or something on GitHub. Exactly. Exactly. So it's about 40 hits 40 unique hits a day that I get to the website. Wow. Yeah. It's a little less on the weekend, but interestingly, it's it's stuff on j growl.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

It's stuff on that lemon rust bundle

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:18]

project I did a couple years ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

And then I've got this bizarre

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

it's it's an article I posted about, I think, MySQL StrictMode or whatever, that is consistently one of my highest hit pages.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

So I I don't I don't know what that's about, but that that is what makes up the bulk of the 40. I don't even think I don't think my mother has even looked at my website.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

Now, again, I don't know why she would because I haven't added anything new, but I I don't even think that my mother's looked at it recently. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

but who knows, John? There's been an awakening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

I looked at it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

when I was trying to figure out a bio for you for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

the podcast website. Yeah. Did she, like, copy paste it or something?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

Probably. Yeah. Updated write something. I updated that today. I I I made a little little tweak. I think I changed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

I think I had a sentence that's like, when I'm not coding, I enjoy spending time with my kids. I think I changed it though. When I'm not working,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

I enjoy spending time with my kids

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:19]

since my coding is so limited. You don't write code anymore. Now, hey, I do have a bone to pick with you, by the way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

So Yeah. I went to our podcast page

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:29]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

the second time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:33]

and I was looking for a link to our Facebook page and to our Twitter account.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:38]

You know, because our Twitter account with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:40]

I don't know what do we got, like four followers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

And I think that includes you and me. But I couldn't I couldn't find them on our on our web page.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

Really? Yeah. So I I don't know what you're doing, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

Pretty sure I added them. I'm I'm pretty sure we pay you too much

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

to not have these on the page. But you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

I have the Facebook page. I do not have the Twitter. Where do you have the Facebook page? I'm looking at right now. I don't see it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

Contact, man. The contact page is the funniest page of the whole website.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

Oh Oh my my gosh. Gosh. This This is is you you put put this this okay. Okay. Alright. Well, you shared Twitter there. I it did not even cross my mind. I was looking for the little logos. Right? Like, I don't know. Can't you put can't you put like a Twitter and Facebook logo like next to contact?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Possibly. It's a free theme.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

So I'm sure I can. If not, I'll hack the theme files for you, Stan. I I just I don't know, man. I feel like so I had I had all but given up on Facebook. I think I posted, what, two or three times today, and I posted once yesterday about my or it was the day before that, about my fancy Nike shoes. Like I said, there's there's there's been an awakening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

Hopefully, you get that reference. Please tell me you get that reference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

There's been an awakening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:56]

I will get it when you tell me it. Oh my gosh. Are you kidding me? That's a Star Wars line. Doesn't Snoke say that there's been an awakening?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Have you felt it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

Does that really count as Star Trek or Star Wars?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

Did you did you just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

so many so many nerd points lost. Yes. That counts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:19]

He he was he was a main character in in two movies, maybe one and three quarters depending on how you how you skimmed the last one. But yeah. And I think that was even in the trailer. Like, that that quote was a big deal. Yeah. There's better awakening. That's where I think I've got films in the trailer. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:36]

I man, I can't get over that you I'm when I tell Sarah that you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

said Star Trek in place of Star Wars,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

you're never gonna hit the end of this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

Had a I sent you I sent I think I sent you a screenshot of the text message she sent me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

this week. No. You tweeted that out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:55]

I tweeted it out? Really? Man, I can't even discern whether or not I'm texting you or tweeting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:00]

This is this is what I mean. Because I'm the only one who follows your Twitter feed. No. No. No. I other people follow my Twitter. In fact,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

two people from work either liked to reply to to that tweet because they were in the meeting that this tweet was about. So my wife, occasionally, can hear me

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

talking for work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

And I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

I asked, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:24]

do you guys watch Star Trek in this meeting?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

Because we were talking about estimation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:29]

and, velocity

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

and and basically projecting out how long a project's gonna take.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:36]

And whenever whenever this conversation comes up, I always reference

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

Scotty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

Right? Because he's he's got the reputation for the mill miracle worker. There's a there's a bunch of different quotes that we could,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

you know, reference to Scotty talking about being a miracle worker or Kirk talking about Scotty being a miracle worker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

But my favorite is actually from the next generation. And so I I get this little shtick where I go into where I describe that scene.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:01]

Usually, have seen this episode. The episode's called Relics, I think. Gosh. Where is that? That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:07]

it's gotta be, like, season four or five. I don't think it's later than that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

I will I will check that if what do you think the odds are that Jordan McKinley listens to this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:19]

No idea. I think it's pretty low. So he would be ashamed that I didn't know the season. But but pastor McKinley, if you if you listen and I got that wrong, let me know. I I I apologize. But so so I go in I go to the shtick. Right? And basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

Scotty, like, chastises Geordie

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

for giving an accurate estimate on how long it was gonna take to Picard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. And and he basically says, like, you know, he describes I think he says something like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

you know, Starfleet captains are like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

what does he say, like like children or or I I don't know. Something where basically like you have to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

you you basically have to give them an estimate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

that is, you know, three, four times whatever it's gonna actually take in order to maintain your reputation as a miracle worker. So if it takes an hour,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

you tell them it'll take four or three or whatever. Like, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

you you give yourself a buffer. And then, you know, if you if you miss how long it was actually gonna take, you're still within your estimate, and, you know, all is good and right with the world. But if you hit the amount of time that it was actually gonna take,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

you'll look like a miracle worker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:27]

And so when I'm talking about, like, project estimation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:31]

you know, the goal is not to the goal is not to just come up with wild

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

estimates,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

but the the goal is to give yourself a proper buffer buffer to maintain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

your reputation as a miracle worker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

But, yeah, people didn't know the the episode. We're Aren't you guys an agile shop?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

We are. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

So don't you just have to deliver something every week?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

Yeah. I mean, yes. Whatever your sprint is? It is. But, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

agile is done. They still make you project? You aren't overly agile if they make you give estimates for the amount of time. But yeah. Yeah. It's not a time thing. It's more like, here's a here's a project, here's a theme.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

Are you going because, you know, we do we do certain number of releases during a year. We're like, we're shipping about all the time, but there's there's like marketing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

and you can't just pull the rug out from people in the enterprise. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

hey, look. There was there was another, like, little pun. But but but anyhow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:30]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

like, we we do have projects, and you have to be able to say, like, can I get this this project? It's gonna be a multi sprint

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

kinda project.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

How many sprints is it gonna take? You know, put put some kind of back into that. The the like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

I don't think that's anti agile. I think you can make it anti agile, but I think the thing to remember is, right, like you wouldn't go into building a house

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:53]

without some idea of how long it's gonna take.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

You know? You wouldn't Ma'am. You wouldn't go into building a house without knowing how much it's gonna cost.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

You wouldn't just say, hey, you know, whatever whatever it takes. You know, take as long as you want. Spend as much money as you want. I don't care. We'll figure it out at the end. Like, don't nobody does that. No sane person does that. Maybe the wealthy do, but not not sane people. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

alright. Well, how's that for an after show?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

An after show, you made me hit record and then you blew the whole, hey, we're just talking off the cuff after we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

wound up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

It'll be okay. Our listeners will trust us more because we aren't trying to hide things from them. Exactly. Exactly. And it it was all it was all because of the website.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

Yeah. Because your image didn't fit on my phone. Cut me some slack, John. Send me the CSS you want. Alright? We'll get this fixed. In fact, my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

you know what? Here. I I don't want you to send me a CSS. My blog post is on GitHub. You can you can fork it and send me a pull request. Do a pull request. Yeah. And on that note, you have a good night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

We'll see you.

