---
title: Spring Cleaning
episode: 131
date: "2021-04-22T14:13:56.000Z"
slug: spring-cleaning/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of The Twisted Lemon Podcast, hosts discuss their spring
  cleaning routines, with a focus on decluttering physical media, such as CDs,
  DVDs, and books. They share tips on how to get rid of unwanted items,
  including donating or selling them online. The conversation also touches on
  the importance of regular cleaning and organization.
keywords:
  - decluttering
  - spring cleaning
  - physical media
  - CD sales
  - DVD rental services
  - book donations
  - organization routines
  - COVID-19 prevention
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. So this is Life with a Twist of Lemon. I am Stan Lemon, and you are? John Colmire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

This is a podcast really just about stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

and you can find us on the web at lifewitha

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

or excuse me, twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Did I get that right? Correct. Yep. We are we're still on Twitter. Right? Yep. Username is twist of lemon pod, which I think Twisted is lemon pod. That's also how you can find us on Facebook. Correct. I'm not on Facebook. You can search life with little twisted lemon. I am on Facebook currently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:55]

Apparently, whenever I deactivate my Facebook,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

the page goes into, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

unpublished mode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

So it's been iffy there. What what does that mean, unpublished mode? Like, nobody can see it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

Oh, well, that kinda defeats the purpose of having it then, doesn't it? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Do we still get a lot of traffic from the Facebook page?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:16]

Well, we got all of those topics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:18]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

shows from the Facebook page, except for one, which came through via Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Okay. Alright. Well and and those topics have been fantastic. Thank you, dear listener. If you have things that you would like to hear us talk about, you should absolutely let us know. And you can do that on our website. You can do that on Facebook. You can that on Twitter. You can text John Colmire if you can find his phone number. Don't text me because I don't look at text messages anymore. I'm taking a break. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

we have our second

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

fan induced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

topic tonight. Third, technically, because Marvel shows

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

was a submission from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

Mark Buto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Oh, that doesn't count. One, it doesn't count because it's Mark. Two, you cannot suggest that we do the thing that we always do. Right? Yeah. Right. Exactly. So okay. Although at this point, somebody could suggest

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

milkshake reviews

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

because we haven't done one of those in a long time. That's fair. And we we're probably overdue. You know, I was actually looking at a milkshake up at an ice cream shop called Brick's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

in Indianapolis. I was thinking to myself it it's not close. Right? Like, Indianapolis is a big city, and this is to the north of me. Parking is an absolute bear in this area. It's in the Broad Ripple area. But I was thinking to myself, like, that that might be worth going just for a milkshake because they had some pictures and they looked good. And you can get them outdoors so you, like, can avoid that whole people element that I I didn't like before a pandemic. I like eating less now. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

Anyhow, John, go get a milkshake, force my hand so that I have to get one, and we can talk about it as well. Alright? Alright. Sounds good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

So the first listener I'm gonna call them listener induced. That's just because it sounds almost violent. Listener induced episode was the top 10 non Apple tech episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

Today though, we are gonna talk about outdoor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

spring cleaning and prep, and then you have in parentheses here or indoor. Out of curiosity, do you remember who submitted this? Yeah. So this was my high school buddy, Kevin, submitted the outdoor spring cleaning prep,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

and his wife responded

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

to his comment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

and basically suggested indoor spring cleaning as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

Okay. So first of all, do you know if they actually listen to the podcast, or did they just happen to comment because they saw that you were sharing it on Facebook? Kevin definitely listens to the podcast. I do not know if his wife Shannon does or not. Okay. Well, Kevin, thank you so much for listening to Life With A Twist of Lemon. I know you're just listening for John. I won't take it personally. Thank you. And please tell your wife Shannon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

People may come to the podcast just to listen to me, but they stay for the lemon. There you go. But please tell your wife Shannon that in my heart of hearts, I believe that she's a listener as well. So thank you to both of you. Alright. Outdoor spring cleaning, indoor spring cleaning. What do what do you do you wanna tackle? Indoor first, outdoor? What do wanna do here?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

I guess outdoor because I don't really do spring cleaning indoor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Oh, here we go. That's gonna be a fun discussion. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

Outdoor spring cleaning, I think, probably refers to, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

lawn prep, pulling weeds, like, I don't know, maybe power washing stuff. Like, what what all do you do? That's what I'm thinking. So the first thing I always do is I rake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:24]

usually there's stuff that was either under snow or that I didn't get to in the fall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

and I rake it all down. I was actually very good last fall

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:35]

cutting off,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

like, all the hostas and different stuff and flower beds and stuff like that. So that was good for the fall, but if I don't get to that, then I will do that in the spring.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

What else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

Washing windows.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

So you don't have any super prominent windows in your house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:53]

I have talking about? My downstairs is, like, nothing but windows. Yeah. But there's a couch in front of them. And usually, they're closed when I see that. Oh, well, they're only closed to watch TV. No. It's funny you mentioned this. Tell me, you've got that big window. Yeah. So I've got the big picture window and I've got the patio door that goes out to the deck, both of which drive me nuts when they're dirty. And now that I have a dog who likes to look out them, usually, there's nose marks all along the window. Okay. But those those are indoor, and we're not we're not doing yeah. We're not doing indoor yet. So how do you clean all the time. How do you clean your windows on the outside?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

So the majority of them, if they open, they tilt in, and I can clean the outside from the inside. The big picture window, I cannot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

So to this point, I have gotten the ladder out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:40]

with the squeegee and done it from the ladder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

Interesting. Alright. So window washing is something that missus Alma and I have talked about doing. We have not done it yet. It it is imminent though. I I was just thinking about this. On the Main Floor here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

if I only think about the living room and dining room area, I've gotta have close to 10 windows, maybe 12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

Like, there's a lot there are a lot of windows, and they are they're pretty filthy. We don't have a lot of trees. Right? There's not a lot to break

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

the the wind. And then on top of that, there's actually a farm just to the north of us. So, like, when the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

field implements go through, they kick up all kinds of dust. And so that's that crap gets caked everywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

Now, we have screens on all of these, so I have to pop out all the screens. I gotta spray those down first. Your windows don't tilt in? They do. They do. But you still have to like, you have to remove the screens and hose them off. Right. Yeah. So it's it's a it's gonna be a big deal. And then, you know, every room upstairs has three to four windows as well. Shoot. I think Lucy's has five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

She actually might have the most windows out of anybody in the house, come to think of it. But it's just like it's a big deal. Right? And so we've definitely procrastinated on that, but I think that that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

it's it's coming to a head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

When you say you wipe them, do you do you have like a Windex wipe? Or like, what do you do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:00]

So I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:02]

actual Windex spray bottle usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

and I have a squeegee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

and I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

what's the name of the company?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

It's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

the Pampered Chef but for home goods. But it's like the snow streak. Wait. Wait. Wait. Like Amway?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:19]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

What is it? Norwex? Norwex? Norwex. Norwex. Okay. Oh, okay. You sound Norwex. Alright. Hey, dear listener, if you're looking forward Norwex

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

stuff, reach out to pastor Aaron Finker in Bremen, Kansas. His wife is all over that, and she's great if you need Norwex stuff. That's good to know. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

this this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

rag, it works really well. Really just wet it, and you have a wet side and dry side. So if the windows aren't like dirt dirty,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

then I'll just use that on the inside and stuff like that. Okay. But it works So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

you you wash the windows. Do you power wash your siding or anything like that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:00]

this year,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

not until the work's done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

Because at this point, I don't know if I'll have all new siding or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

I do have, like, some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

mildewy stuff on the one side of the garage that I will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

power wash off,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:19]

probably the driveway because that's not in great shape.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

After you do the driveway, are you gonna seal it or put any type of coating down? Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

Yeah. See, I so I did these things at the end of fall last year. Right? I power washed the north side of the house because it was kinda green and mossy. Cleaned all that off. I power washed the driveway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

I did not put a sealant down. I keep wondering if maybe I should have. I just don't Concrete is so finicky, you know. It's it's it's actually really frustrating how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

how finicky it can be. So I didn't do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

We have mowed the grass once. I didn't do any raking. I got a big yard. Did you bag everything up when you mowed? Because that's what I did. For my mow, put the bagger on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

and just to pick up all leaves and sticks that it would suck up. So I don't have leaves or sticks because there are no trees Right. Anywhere around. So that's that's not been a problem with me. Now, I do bag occasionally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

I decided not to this time because I actually lowered my blades one notch. Sure. I had it was so uneven. It was actually difficult for Lucy who insists on mowing, and I I love her for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

It was impossible for her see where she had been. And so I figured out low one notch, that's the way she can see, get a nice even cut. And true to John Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

advice,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

nothing makes your yard look better than regular cuts. So it looks good. I have not trimmed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

I have not edged. I will get to that eventually. I'm just not there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

We have not planted any of our garden vegetables yet, but we will we will do that, hopefully, in some boxes if I ever put them together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

In terms of cleaning, I did so much last year at the end of the year outside that I don't know that I have a lot, apart from those windows, to do on the outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

I do have a lot to do in my garage, which I don't know. Maybe do you have that problem with your garage? So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

sorted through the garage when I put away the snowblower and got the mower out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

So usually, that's when I will organize the garage and get rid of boxes or stuff that have ended up there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

and stuff like that. But it's in that transition between seasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

I am certain that I have way more stuff than you do in You my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

have three children. Yeah. Well, it's just the number of bikes I have now. I think I'm up to seven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

or eight bikes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

in the garage. Some of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

Well, but the problem is they're all at different, like, stages of development, and so I have a I have kids that are still growing. Right? They will they will leverage some of these additional bikes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

Once once Evelyn gets a little bit older, I'll able to get rid of the smallest one, and they just keep iterating up. But There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

I have a lack of movement

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

or, like, I can't get around as much as I'd like to in there. And one of the things that I've been struggling with is I don't have a proper workbench

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

Right. And, like, a a physical place to set my my saw up all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

So I have as a goal to go through I've got these shelves along the one wall where, you know, off season, and by off season, I mean, just not now. We're just constantly shoving stuff up there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

And so we we need to go through as a family, because that's the only way to do it, honestly, and evaluate, like, is this toy does this toy give me joy, Or do I need to part ways with it in true Marie Kondo style?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

But with the goal of, like, getting rid of some stuff so we got room. Right. That's that's my first goal. My second goal is I gotta get some stuff up off of the floor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

the floor space is at such a premium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

And I'm thinking of things like, I've got lawn chairs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

which I need to just get up. Right? Like, I I just get them off the ground, and I'll I'll buy myself some room. True. So that's that's kinda my objective. I wanna get that done. I've got a bunch of leftover lumber from the little deck before we put in the big deck that I'm gonna make some boxes for, and then get those out in the backyard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

And then it comes down to vacuuming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

and clearing out uber amounts of dust.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

I have been debating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

getting the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

garage floor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

like, sealed and covered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

There you go. Yeah. It's just every time I think about it, like the idea of moving everything out, it's just exhausting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:24]

I think my biggest issue in the garage is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

things that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

should be used up. So, like, leftover fertilizer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

crabgrass preventer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

in spring, like, I used the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

crabgrass stuff from last year that I still had around. And I I didn't do the full application that I should have, but it's good enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

to work in. Wait. Wait. So Why why did you not do the full application?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

Just because I didn't wanna buy a whole another bag for the two pounds I would need.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

Okay. Alright. Interesting. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

I see, when I have a bag and usually the bag will be, I don't know, like a 2,000 square feet more than I need. K. I will wind up just applying whatever's left in the bucket until it's empty, because I don't want I don't want a partial bag in my garage. Maybe I shouldn't do that. I don't know. Yeah. So, like, my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

yard is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

just over 4,000 square feet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:26]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

the fertilizer I bought covers, like, 15,000.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:31]

So I'll use that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:34]

three times,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

use whatever is left. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

Yeah. I'm I'm basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

one bag, one run.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

But I it is easy to amass a whole bunch of stuff like that. Something that I've started to do is I've been looking at expiration dates a lot. Right? Because it like, you you have these moments, right, where it's like, do I keep this or do I get rid of it? And for me, if it's expired, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

I I just move on. Right? Or if I've got a spray can or something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

like, it won't put anything out, boom. I'm done. It's kinda how I've been iterating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

And I I took all that stuff to Tox Drop, which is like a a place we can drop off chemicals and old gasoline and things of that sort Right. In Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

So which, by the way, if you have this kind of stuff, you totally should do that. Put it in the dump. It's just gonna get into your water. You don't wanna be the next flint. Right. Live long and prosper. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

So so that's that's something that I've done. I did that a couple times last year because I had tons of time on my hands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

I will go through it again this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

I I think just looking at everything with a critical eye. Right? Like, am I gonna actually use this or not? Is is this a it's a big first step. So that that's the thing is, like, I think we're kind of hardwired to think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

I might need this someday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:55]

Well, if someday hasn't come in the last five years,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

it's probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:59]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

guess there are exceptions to this. So you probably have tools that you haven't used in ten years,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

but they were pricey and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

don't take up a lot of space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

Yeah. Well, the thing with tools, right, is for the most part, I have them in dedicated areas. Right? They're organized. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

the thing that gets me is I I've got those two shelves. Right? And they're they're free for all. There's no organization on there. I've never attempted to have organization. We just toss stuff onto an open spot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

and it's it's those things. And really, in in particular, I'm thinking about what I would classify as a as a perishable or consumable. Consumable is probably the right word there. Right? Like, I can use this thing to its completion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

Right. And and if I'm hanging on to, like, an ounce of motor oil, why why am I why am I doing that? Like Right. You know? Why why don't I just go take that to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

AutoZone and have them recycle it or whatever? That's the kind of thing that I think about in in terms of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

sometimes I hang around for reasons I I can't really explain, you know? Sure. Because you were too tired after whatever project you were working on to actually do something with it then, and then it's just there for a year. Yeah. Probably. I mean, in the case of this oil, I think I was also probably thinking like, hey, what if I need to top off a little bit, which I've never had to do with the life of this car. Maybe I will at some point, but like, that also is indicative of Yeah. I guess that probably isn't that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

that's not that common with more modern vehicles anymore, is it? It's not. It's not. So I, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

this would be my advice to you to anybody. Right? Like, as you go through your garage, especially take take some time, look at the consumables.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

You know, have they expired?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

Are they something that I'd use for one job and I'm never gonna use again? Or it's gonna be five, ten years, and the thing's probably gonna harden and not be usable by the time I get there anyhow. Right? Like Right. Look look for those things, and just try and purge yourself of that, because you will just gain free space from that, you know, easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

there's also I think, like, I've got a I've got a spare toilet seat in my garage right now. I I honestly don't know what I'm saving it for. Right. Right? You know? I should probably just get rid of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

So I don't know. I guess that's garage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

Anything so I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

evergreen bushes out in the front of my house that I have to trim. I don't know that you have anything that you have to trim back. Do you have a bush in the front Oh, yeah. By the porch? Yep. The and in fact, the whole stretch of the porch and around the sidewalk, I have to trim.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

I should probably just, like, put this on the calendar so that I do it at a very specific time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

Instead,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

I I do it after it becomes a nuisance. So, like, it actually blocks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

starts to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

impede upon the sidewalk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

or it just looks so motley that I'm I'm, like, actually offended by it. That's when I usually decide to do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

So I did the bushes in the fall, and I imagine that once growth really kicks off here in the spring,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

they'll grow to such a place that I wanna trim them again. But usually, I do those twice a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

Yeah. I it's that's that's spot on. So I think if if you have not done them, if you didn't do them at the end of the season last year, you should absolutely do them now. It probably is better to do them in the fall. You kinda like get rid of that. It's usually usually you want to do them when they are actively growing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

Oh. So Interesting. Okay. So in cool season, there's usually two growth periods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

Big one in the spring, and then in the fall, it kinda kicks up recovering from summer heat and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

So I did I did my last trim

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

probably at the tail end of the fall, well before it got cold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

Sure. And I was just looking at the window while we're talking here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

They don't look like the new trim, so I'm not ready yet. Right. But I'll get there. Yeah. I imagine there will be a girl spurt here in a couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

That's that's really my outdoor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

spring prep at this stage. You know, we'll we'll kinda get into prepping the flower beds and getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

I shouldn't say flower beds, really garden beds, because we we did bulbs. So we actually have flowers popping up. Eventually, I'll try and get the kids to go through and weed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

But it's the garden beds and, like, all that's involved in there. We're probably gonna get some dirt this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

Missus Lemon has already ordered some pre grown plants. She pre ordered all of her seeds. Most of that still hasn't come yet, because it's just not quite time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

Right. But but that will come upon us very quickly, and we'll be able to get all that in the ground, and hopefully have some some food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

I do not do any planting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

I have all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

perennials.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

Perennials, they're the ones that keep coming up. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

I think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

I I can honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

that that trips me up just like when I go to the airport and I can't tell if I'm arriving or departing. Right? Because, you know, I'm showing up at the airport to depart, but at the same time, I'm also arriving at the airport, which is it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

Alright. Alright. Let's talk about indoors. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

Do you is this a routine for you at all? Do you have, like, a spring indoor prep cleaning routine? I don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

I think I just do things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

as needed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

It's it's always easier if you stay on top of things, but it's impossible to stay on top of everything. And even even I, as, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

anal retentive as I am about organization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

and purging, I still have things that that catch up with me. Did you see the picture I sent you the other day?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

Oh, yeah. When you were going through all of your cables?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

I sent I sent John a picture of cables organized by bags. I have this one bin. It's in my office,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

and I just toss any kinda, like, tech garb in there. Come to find out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

I have a lot of micro USB cables,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

probably more than I need, but I've they're not organized. So I actually just did that recently. And I I think, for me, at least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

the the moments in which I, like, refresh my cleanliness is when I pick those spaces where stuff gets dumped, and there's not a lot of them for me, at least. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

Missus Lumen's a little bit more with PacRad, and I love her dearly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

for it, but because because she always has whatever's needed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

But I I just have a couple, so I I'll, like, do a reset on those. Same thing with files where about this it uses actually around tax time. Right? Because I file my taxes. I'm like, oh, there's a year of taxes that I can probably purge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

And and that causes me to then go and probably digitize a folder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

I'll go through the the folder. I keep my folders by year. Right? So anything I need to retain for the year, and I'll I'll pull out, in this case, 2020, and I'll say, what what do I actually need to save, and what did I just toss in here because it's convenient at the moment. So So I'll do that usually around this time of the year because of tax filing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

Those are the two it's probably the two big ones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

this isn't anything that I do because it's spring. It's just basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:44]

what Saturday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

or whatever do I feel like doing something, and all of the regular maintenance stuff has been done, like mowing a lawn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

probably about a month ago, we went through kitchen cabinets and got rid of stuff and organized stuff and things like that. So I think it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

it's kinda all throughout the year. I'll choose different space and, like, the storage room is really bugging me, so I should go purge that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

I the kitchen cabinets are a great one to tackle. We have not done this since the beginning of the pandemic. So the beginning of the pandemic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

we took a critical eye to our pans. I think I talked about this on the podcast because we bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

dishwasher safe pots and pans. We had a whole bunch of stainless steel ones, but we found that we were, not going out to eat at all anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

We wanted to ease up on the dishes a little bit. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

we we went through and did a bit of a purge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

did some organization. I think that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

everybody should do that probably once a year. It's amazing the amount of crap that we amass in the cabinets of the kitchen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

and the ways in which we stack them, which creates absolute and total peril. Like, sometimes I don't know why everything doesn't come crashing out. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

I I am convinced that by and large,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

I just need, like, one pot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

one pan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

maybe two spatulas, and I'm fine for life. Like, if you give me that, I'm sure I can figure it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

Missus missus Levin will disagree, and that's okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

But I think you would disagree too once you started making something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

Maybe. I don't know, man. I tell you what though. Like, what if you wanna make mac and cheese and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

baked beans at the same time?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

You make one, you eat it. You make the next, you eat it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

Or if you wanna do baked beans, honestly, what you probably do is you open up the can and you cook them directly in the can.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

Alright, Sam.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

There you go. See? I'm gonna side with missus Lemon on this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

Alright. Maybe two pots then. But but I do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

I do think, you know, you that's a good space to go look and see, like, oh, I haven't used this in a while. Maybe somebody else could find joy in it. Then Or maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

you got a wedding gift that you have never taken out of the box.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

You're gonna get me all started on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

press. Panini press. Thank you. Thank you. Gosh. I actually don't have a Panini press right now. We we managed to get rid of all those, but Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

We I think we've gotten better about not buying the one off kitchen gadgets, but there's still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

there are these things that I think they appears that they're going to be super convenient.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

We get them, and they turn out not to be. You know? And at the moment at which you realize that they're not convenient, you should just get rid of them. Right. But instead, we find a place to, like, hold them away until we need something else that's in that cabinet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

We go looking for it, and then everything else comes out. So that's a good one, I think, for spring cleaning kitchen cabinets in general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

Another one is closed. You and talked about this actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

several months back. Have you gotten rid of any of your your clothes? You said you had a whole bunch of clothes you wanted to get rid of.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

I did,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:54]

It might still be in the house, but it's in a box to go to Goodwill or something like that. Okay. Well, that's good. That's I mean, it's progress. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

I I do this Nah. I'm actually at the place where I think I need to buy some new clothes just because the stuff that I have has been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

been in my closet for ten years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

Oh, so John John, lean back. What's on your what's on your sweatshirt? Also my sweatshirt, Martin Luther music.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

So this would have been 02/2005

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

I probably got this, but the the sweatshirts are actually okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

So is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

it is it alarming to you at all that I can just see because really all I can see is from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

above the pectoral up, I can see this green sweatshirt. And I know for a fact that you have probably one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

green sweatshirt, and it happens to be a Martin Luther High School sweatshirt. I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

do I have two or three green sweatshirts? But Are they all much all of my hooded sweatshirts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

are Martin Luther High School. Okay. Think they all are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

including days from my 2003

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

time as a cross country runner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Oh, there we go. There's probably a story in there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

nothing wrong with replacing clothing. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

hate shopping for clothes. I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

But I I think in general for me, I seem to, like, cycle my wardrobe in and out. Right? So, like, I'll replace almost everything at once. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

there's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

like, I've I went through all my drawers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

probably about a month or two ago. I just looked at everything and said, alright. Do I when was the last time I wore this? If it has been within the last two years, I will hang on to it. And this is how I did the first phase through everything. So if it's been two years since I've touched something, or if I can't remember, right, which probably means it's longer than two years. Right. I got rid of it. I I put it in a bag, and I took it and donated it. Yeah. I don't believe I have anything that I have not worn in two years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

Oh, man. I got I got tons of stuff. I I don't even know how I get it sometimes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

Sometimes it's like a gift. Right? Not from you, mom, if you're listening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

But but like a, you know, a shirt or or something. I don't know. Pair pair of pants. Here here's a here's a pro tip for anybody that's listening. Never ever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

give someone a gift that is a pair of pants. There is no universe in which that does not end in failure for you, or them, or both. Because either you're gonna buy the wrong size, you're either gonna be too small or too big, or you're gonna buy what you think is the right size, or what the gift receiver thinks is the right size, and then they're gonna try it on, it's gonna be the wrong size, and they're gonna be completely devastated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

I'm telling you, stay away from pants. Same is probably true for dresses, but I don't know about that. So great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

What what else, John? What are the big what are the big purges that you do indoor spring cleaning? What other big purges?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

I've been getting rid of books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:46]

You have been? Did you run out of room on your two shelves?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

No. I had I haven't run out of room, but what I what I realized, I was looking at this the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

I don't know, over over Christmas break or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

And I just have a lot of books that I don't think I'm gonna reread,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

Yeah. Which is really what it came down to. And so I don't mind like, know that I like reading on the Kindle, but I don't mind having a book in print if I'm going to read it again. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

And if there's a book that like, I I I just sold one today on Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

that I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

99%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

sure I have not read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

since maybe 02/2004.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

And I have zero desire to read it again. So I thought, you know what? Maybe someone else can enjoy it. And if I get a couple bucks for cool. All the better. So that's something I've been doing. I think So don't get rid of any books that you think your kid should read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

Oh, no. No. No. This is this is not Are these all theology books?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

A lot of them are, actually. Yeah. I did get rid of so one I did get rid of was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

the Did you ask Thinker if he wanted it first?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

I did. I did. I got I got, like, a nonchalant answer. So he's got a lot of these. He's not worried about it. But I got rid of the the Star Wars from a certain point of view, the fortieth anniversary of A New Hope. Yeah. Because he hated it. It was terrible. It was terrible. I don't need that. Right? Like, I'm not I guarantee you, I'm never gonna read that again. I don't think I think I finished The Empire Strikes Back one, and I have no desire whatsoever to read the Return of the Jedi one when it comes out. Like, I I'm not even gonna waste my time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

So, you know, I sold that and I I don't know. Maybe I got $10 or whatever. Like, I'm sure there's tons of copies of that thing floating around. Sure. I thought it would be a whole big special thing and it it wasn't. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

you know, that's the kind of thing, like, it's just taking up room. That's really all it's doing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

Yep. I need to go through my DVD collection

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:31]

and get rid of movies that I have no desire to have on DVD, which is probably almost all of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

Oh, I'm sure Daniel Sanchez is, like, losing his mind right now at the thought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

Ask him first. There you go. Yeah. See if he wants any.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

I just thought What does DVD bring you anymore?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

Well, that's that's fair too. Like, the whole quality thing. But if I recall right, he's pretty big on physical media, isn't he? I believe so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

Yeah. I think so. That's a whole that's a whole other conversation for another time. I have not bought a physical That was another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:05]

listener requested

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

topic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:08]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

if either of us had a vinyl record collection.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

Yeah. There's simple answers I don't. Right. Because you use Apple Music. I use Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

I do. Actually, I have been using Apple Music probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

I don't know, man. Or iTunes before that. Probably since like 2001

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

or February. So I've I've been in it for the long haul,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

and I don't know that I've bought a physical CD with one exception. And I will tell you what exception that is here in just a second.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

Since that time, I think once I switched over to digital media,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

I was I was all in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

I'm oh, my gosh. What is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

Coast Of Carolina's on it. What is the the Jimmy Buffett

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

album? You know what I'm talking about? I don't. License to Chill. License to Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

So License to Chill is one of my favorite Jimmy Buffett albums. It's a bunch of songs with other country music stars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

up until recently, I don't believe it was on any of the streaming services. I think it actually might be now. And so the only way that I could listen to it I'd borrowed a friend's copy, and the only way I could listen to it was on CD. So I went out, and I bought a physical copy of that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

of that that album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

But other than that, I can't think of anything I've I've bought.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

So I have the complete works of j s bach on CD, which I got as a high school graduation gift.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:36]

But I think that is the only physical copy of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

music that I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

You don't think you could find that on Spotify?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:45]

Not this one. It is a 155

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

CD set.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

I don't know, man. I I bet you can find it on Apple Music. I'll say that much. We we definitely have playlists where it's just like endless box. So Yeah. You know, my my 2¢, John. My 2¢, this could be an opportunity for you to recondo that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

Just to sell my entertainment center, and, like, around Easter, I'll pull it out and listen to Saint John's Passion and things like that. But Yeah. But you gotta you gotta change the disc. Right? You don't have a multi disc player, do you? I don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

In fact, I have to use either the Xbox or Blu ray player to play things inside. But usually, I use it in the car, which does have a CD player.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

I have a Blu ray player. I got the Xbox. And I actually do have an optical drive, the Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

excuse me, optical drive that I can hook in through USB. I do have that for my computer. I never used it for music though. It's more to, like, read CDs of pictures that my mom has stored away somewhere. There you go. There you go. Alright. So real quick pro tip. If you have books, if you have movies, if you have music,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

and you're like, I don't wanna just throw this out. What do I do with it? The easiest thing, in my opinion, is to let somebody else throw it out for you, which means

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

First and foremost, books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

Well, that that is an option. There are lots of local bookstores that will resell them. So, like, in Indianapolis, we have Indie Reads. I have donated books there. But also, you can give them to your library, and your library

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

either see if they can use them. Right? Which with in the case of movies, music, and books, a lot of times, they will. They've got a pretty extensive catalog, especially if they're a larger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

library network. Or, you know, if they can't, they'll they'll get rid of them for you, and then, you know, it's it's on their conscience, not yours. That's my suggestion. We do that all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

Also, honestly, if stuff's in good condition, a lot of times, you can sell it on Amazon, and that's pretty easy to do. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:38]

Anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:38]

else spring cleaning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

wise? I mean, I don't think so, man. I I'm sure, like, people go through and they do, like, deep cleaning, dusting, and some of that stuff. But missus Lemon, the saint that she is, has a pretty good routine on that. So it's not like we have to reset the house on that front. Light fixtures. That would be a good thing to do in spring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

Dust them? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

Yeah. Again, I think missus Lemon does that on a pretty regular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

cadence, so it's not at least it's not a problem here. I do remember my mom, like, you open up the house and you, like, shake all the dust out of everything. Right. I I I remember that as a kid. I just I don't I just don't think we do that. That's not something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

we again, mostly missus Lemon is on top of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

and it's just not a problem. So There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

I think that's an episode. I think that is episode two. I'm looking forward to seeing what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

our next listener induced topic is. If you have a topic, please do not hesitate to reach out. You can find us on twistedlemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

Also, twisted lemon pod on Twitter and the Facebooks. And John will reply to you if you contact us on the Facebooks. I will not, but John will. So True. On that on that note, this is Stan London reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands. Wear a mask. Go get a vaccine.
