---
title: Whatever It Is
episode: 66
date: '2019-10-10T12:28:19.000Z'
slug: whatever-it-is/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

What are you drinking, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

This thing here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

Summit Oktoberfest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

Brewing Company Oktoberfest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

celebrating here the end of Oktoberfest as we move into the month of October.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

Isn't it odd? Don't you find that a little odd? Yeah. It's a German thing, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

So Summit, where where is that at? That's somewhere in Iowa? No. This is Minneapolis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:47]

I believe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:49]

Saint Paul, Minnesota.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

What made you choose a beer from Summit?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

It was an Oktoberfest that I hadn't had before, and I wanted to celebrate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

the end of Oktoberfest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:00]

And there weren't any Iowa ones that I hadn't had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

A reasonably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

decent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

Oktoberfest, at least in my experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

has been the Sierra Nevada Oktoberfest. Have you tried that one? I have. Not this year, though. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

But Sierra Nevada is usually pretty consistent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

Yeah. It used to be all about the Sam Adams Oktoberfest, but I feel like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

it's just lost its depth over the last three or four years. I'm with you, man. I used to love that. It used to be my favorite beer of all time, but, like, I think I noticed it the last two years, especially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

just Yeah. Just the the death, I don't know if they've gone to larger batches,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

and that's maybe the factor or or what. I I'm not entirely sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

It's interesting. Some of the local breweries here, I I actually don't think make good Oktoberfest. So I'm thinking about you, Upland Brewing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

of Bloomington fame. I think you make a terrible Oktoberfest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

So I don't know. This is definitely Oktoberfest season, although I don't know. Has your weather been ungodly hot?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

No. It has not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

Like, it was downright cold the last couple of days. I mean, not cold, but, like, 60.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

Okay. We're definitely I mean, it gets cold at night, but during the day today, I was at the ballpark for Hank's last Sunday game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

and it was easily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

in the high eighties, easily. And it's supposed to be in the nineties this week, which as far as I'm concerned is not October weather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

Anna's grandparents

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

live in Louisville,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

and they've been in, like, the nineties and will be all next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

There's just something wrong with that. Yeah. And I and I think it it actually impacts the flavor profile of an Oktoberfest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

Yeah. Because I think that flavor profile really lends itself to cold cold weather. Right? So if it's warm outside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

you want a thirst quenching beer, and an Oktoberfest is not typically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

a thirst quenching beer. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

for me at least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

Oktoberfest,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

October, just like that whole Germanic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

food theme that goes on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

is less about an Oktoberfest beer, and it's more about Franzascanner,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

at least on the on the alcoholic beverage side. Are you familiar with Franzaskener? I am not, which makes me a terrible German with a name like Oh my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

gosh. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

So Franzaskener

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

is an unfiltered wheat beer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

and it was the one I I feel like I probably pulled one of these for you before. Yeah. You do it upside down in the cup,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

and you flip it, and you roll it in your hands to kinda get it all to break loose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

It's it is a fan when it's cold, it is a fantastic beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

It it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

kind of meets the perfect balance between quenching my thirst and being,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

like, warming of the spirit. So it it actually might fly this time of year. I I usually have a hard time finding it. I haven't gone in search of it yet because it's not October yet, at least when we're recording this. We release it, it will be. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

that's, that's definitely on the agenda.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

So what are you drinking, Sam?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

This is a $5 bottle of Cab Sav from Aldi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:11]

$5 bottle, so that's not Winking Owl because Winking Owl comes in at, like, 4, doesn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

It's Winking Owl. I'm I'm I've got a rounding error. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

I do like the Winking Owl logo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:24]

The wine is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

hit or miss.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

It it's very different from bottle to bottle. Like, you you cannot count on consistency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

I will say as far as a 5 or less dollar bottle of wine goes on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

spectrum. It's actually not that bad. Yep. I I still personally prefer a Boto Box. Yeah. The problem with a Boto Box is you don't have to commit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

Whereas with a bottle of Wink and Owl, you have to commit to the bottle. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

And and so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

Boto Box means I will have a, you know, generous glass of red wine every night, whereas Winky and Isle, it'll be like, okay, it's Friday. Let's open this thing up. Or, you know, tonight, we were making a recipe that called for a red wine, a dry red wine, and Yep. Thus Not the problem. Here I am. Yeah. Does missus Lemon like it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Missus Lemon generally likes wine that is wet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

Got it. Yeah. No. That's not I'm not trying to say my wife is an alcoholic or or has a problem with wine. She has three kids under the age of 10. You do the math. But I will say she likes a good glass of red wine. When it's available, she will drink it. She's not picky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

I think though, given the choice, she would choose the Boto Box over Winking Owl.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

I know a lot of people are, like, raising their noses at the at the idea of the Boto Box, but you know what? Boto Box is pretty darn good, and it's consistent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

Yes. Unlike Winking Owl, but Winking Owl's got that cool logo going for it of an owl that's literally winking at you. I I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

your selection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

in Iowa at, what is it? Hy Vee? Hy Vee. That's your your grocery market. Yeah. Your selection as far as the Boto Box is considered is just far more vast. Yeah. Far more vast than mine. Actually, you had a I I didn't even know that Barefoot made boxed wine until I was in Iowa this last time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

But, yeah. We've got, like, Red Volution

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

and the Malbec

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

maybe a Cab Sav on the Botobox front and the Reds, and that's it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:27]

Need a good Red

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

Zin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

I I I'll tell you, like, zen just in general is not where I gravitate. So as you know, Shiraz is my go to. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

The inner hipster part of my millennial self loves a good wall back, And then Capsaven and Pinot Noir are always good too. So If you can find a bottle of Valpolicella

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

wine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

that is probably my favorite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

And I think that at Hy Vee, there's one bottle of it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:56]

that they carry at any given time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

I look forward to you bringing a bottle with you the next time you come to Indianapolis. Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

that was a long introduction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, why not. Right? So so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

total total sidebar. Today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

someone oh, I know what it was. Henry's coach walked by and said I needed to talk to his wife about making a podcast. And one of the other moms next to me was like, oh, you have a podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

And I was like, yay. You could say that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

And It is a podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:29]

Yeah. Quality must Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

she asked what it's about, John. And I said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

nothing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

Nothing and everything. And she she kinda looked at me, like, are are you kidding me? And then I I was trying to figure out, like, how do I describe what it's about? And Lucy, without missing a beat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

just Milkshakes. You know, blurs out yeah. Milkshakes. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

so, yeah, I I don't even know what to do with that, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

yeah. We've been we've been lacking on that milkshake front here. Well, that's cool. Did you hear almost got a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

I didn't have any. I was at the ballpark. Like, I don't just carry those in my back pocket. Why not? I well, because it was 80 something degrees out, they probably, like, get melty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

in my pocket.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

So you've been up to home, home repair today. Yeah. Because I don't have enough

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

time commitments.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

Decided to start a home improvement project.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

We probably talked about the dog room back when I was buying the house, but it's basically a room in the basement where they kept their big dog. So like they being the previous Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:36]

like the door is all chewed apart and there was a nasty carpet in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

And yeah, it was just a trash room.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

I am currently working to make it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

the new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

Iowa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

studio for Life with Twistful M. I am confident that after you get it ready, you will need a new router.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

Yeah. I I can just I can tell. Already need a new router? Yeah. You already need a new router, but you're gonna be down in the basement and you will have concrete on two of your sides.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

Yeah. I I think the odds are stacked against you. So I look forward to your Archer eight twenty,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

purchase from TP Link. I'm gonna go with the Netflix Orbi because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

I don't have a Sonos speaker to deal with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

I don't I still am not convinced that the Orbi is is worth it. And it's not Netflix. It's Netgear goof. Did I say Netflix? You said Netflix. Yeah. I have paint fumes are getting to me. So so speaking of which, tell us about the the basement project. What actually have you done today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

So today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

I went out and I bought painting supplies because, you know, I haven't painted anything yet since I've not lived at my parents' house. So got paintbrushes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

paint rollers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

and then I started out just with primer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:57]

I still haven't decided on what color that wall will actually be, but the first step was definitely primer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:03]

and I painted that brick wall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

foundation wall, and it's actually looking pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

Now if I remember, your foundation is poured concrete, but they used a form on the inside to give it a texture. It looks like laid brick. Yeah. Right? Yep. Okay. Which is fun to paint because it's not flat or smooth, and you gotta get through the grooves. Hey. But I chose

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:24]

a good roller,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

that actually handled it pretty well. Okay. Alright. Well, there you go. So you texted me was it yesterday? And you were like Yeah. Yesterday. What are your paint supply recommendations?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:36]

That was what you asked me? No. I said, you have strong opinions on paintbrushes, don't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

Did did I give you the answer you were expecting? You were probably expecting a brand, weren't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

Probably. Or an Amazon link.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

Yeah. I just remember,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

we were talking about painting it or something, and it seemed like you had really strong opinions on paintbrushes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

Well, here because here's my experience. Right? And this has happened multiple times in my life, and because you can't teach an old dog new tricks, I just keep doing it. I'll go to the store, and I'll be like, okay, I need a brush or I need a roller. Yep. And I will go over to where the brushes and the rollers are, and I will look and I'll go, okay, here's and I'm I'm just making prices up. Here's the $1 version, the $2 version, the $5 version, the $10 version, the $20 version. Right? Right. And I'll go, oh, one dollar version? They're they gotta be all the same. I'll just buy that. And then I'll come home, and I'll start using it, and I'll be like, this is the worst thing ever. Why did I spend, you know, a dollar on this? And then I'll run back to the store, and I'll go, alright. Well, there's a $2 and a $5 version. Maybe the $5 version will be better. So I'll and I'll buy the $5 version. I'll come back home, and I'll use it like, oh, this is still crap. And ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

what I've learned, at least with brushes and rollers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

cost is truly a measure of quality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

least in my experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

I the my my rule of thumb, at least with my last painting project, was don't go cheap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

You know, you don't need, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

gold lined brushes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

Right. But there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

there's def a definite difference in quality. So that that's that's what I that's what I recommend. Every every store has, like, their their stock brand, right, that they're gonna they're gonna push. And so I don't think it's a matter of, like, this brand or that brand because they're probably being made in the same place, just rebranded differently for Lowe's or Home Depot or Menards or whatever. But I do think there is a difference in, you know, kind of the, like, second to highest end and then everything else.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

So I took your advice. I did not buy the most expensive, paintbrush that I saw, but I didn't buy the cheapest either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

So I went with a two inch angled brush to do my cutting with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

I think that I probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

didn't choose the best brush for my brick molding

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:55]

project.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

I think it would work much better on a smooth surface.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

I mean, he got me through. I was able to cut in. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

Angled brushes are critical. I think it's just a fool's errand to not use an angled brush when cutting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

Your your surface, that texture, like, I'd I've never painted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

that kind of material. I don't even know what you're getting into at that point. I I imagine it's gonna be tricky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

just in general, you know, like, that doesn't it does not seem like a fun thing to tackle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:26]

Yeah. Well, thankfully, I just have the one wall. That might be the only wall that I will ever paint that's that way. I mean, outside, they got the same sort of thing going on on the lower half. But Sure. So your other walls currently are covered with wood paneling? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

Is that coming down anytime soon?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

No. I think I'm gonna leave it for now. The jury is still out on whether I will try to paint it or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

Okay. Well, what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

I don't think you'll have much success painting that. I'll I'll just I'll just put that out there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

If you try it, get Anna to video record it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

because I wanna see I wanna see how that goes on. I I just I don't think it'll stick. I think that'll be the problem. You'll you'll find that it'll not coat consistently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

So you did some electrical work today too. Right? I did. So there was this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

old

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:24]

exposed light bulbs, cheap light fixture that was up there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

I had never been doing it, so I figured that if I'm going be painting, probably need some decent light in there to begin with. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

I went out, and I I probably should have gotten your advice before I bought a light fixture.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

Right now, I'm happy with it, but I don't know if I will be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

once I get all moved in, and it will be my office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

What what part of it are you not convinced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

about? So here's what I did. I bought an LED light fixture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

And this told you this was gonna end poorly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

It's a soft

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:06]

white color,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

which I guess we'll see once I get everything in there instead of the daylight color that you converted me to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

when you so here's the problem usually with buying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

an LED

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

fixture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

Right? They they tend to ship an LED bulb with their particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

socket. Right? It's not like a generic socket. Is that the situation you find yourself in? So this is like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

a string of little squares of LED wipes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

Which I didn't know before I bought it, but. Yeah. I so it I find the bulbs to be the most frustrating parts of a fixture. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

you you basically wanna get something with a standard socket,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

so that you don't have to stress about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

the where you're buying your bulbs. And a lot of places now are making bulbs that only go with their brand of fixtures,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

which then, you know, they can kinda price lock in. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

just for future reference, I know this is this is your experiment. You're gonna go now this right. Experiment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:13]

Yep. It looks really nice. That's what I bought it based on. The the picture you sent looked great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

Just in the future, keep an eye on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

the type of bulb that's going into it and focus on a standard socket. But I I will say this this looks nice. Like, you did good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:30]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

yeah, so that's what's going on now. I'm thinking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

some shade of orange will go on that one wall. I think that will play nice with both the brown wood paneling

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

I don't know. You're looking at me like I'm crazy, but think probably I think you're probably thinking, like, construction orange, and that is not what I'm thinking. No. I'm thinking creamsicle. That's what I'm thinking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

Yeah. So there's actually I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

I guess they're kind of like a mahogany color wood bookshelves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

that will end up in that office. So I'm trying to make it all work together, but I'm I'm I've selected a paint yet. Hey, your your creamsicle colored office will look great. I'm I'm sure. Let's here's here's what we should do. When you get to the point where you're trying to choose a paint color,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

let's post the sample And see what our people say. Facebook page. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

I love it. You call that our people. Yeah. I I want,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

I want I want some feedback.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

Alright. So light lighting and paint. Anything else you did in the the big room today? Have you replaced that door yet? I have not. I was looking at that, and that might be, something that I need to call on you to come visit with. There's, like, chiseling involved and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

Chiseling. John, what are you doing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

So I just have to replace the door. Like, I don't have to rehang the door. I literally just the door, and it looks like that comes like a slab

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

with no

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:01]

hole for a doorknob and no hinges

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

places where the hinges can attach and things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

Where did you see just a slab, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

Everywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

we can definitely tackle this. Hanging a door is not the end of the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

Sometimes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

as I'm sure it sounds like you will find out, it is easier to just hang a new door than to replace the actual door, but we'll see. We could try that too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

I will tell you, I do not like hanging doors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

to get them to get them square correctly. And it's one of those things where you, you know, you use a shim on this side and you get a even it out on the other, and it just becomes a game of he and Han and yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

I've done it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

But, you know. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

Maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

I'll call Daniel Sanchez.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:56]

There you go. Yeah. Put Daniel to work. I wonder if he still listens. He said he was a couple a couple episodes behind. I saw him yesterday for his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

oldest daughter's birthday. I feel like I hear that a lot. I'm a couple episodes behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

So alright. What's this CR tech crawl?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

Yeah. So this was pretty cool. This is how I spent my Thursday night. Missus Kollmeyer was working late at school.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

So there was a Cedar Rapids Tech Crawl, the first one ever

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

sponsored by Clay and Milk that covers, like, tech news in Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:29]

So they sponsored this. We basically visited

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

four tech companies

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:36]

in the Cedar Rapids area. And at each stop, there was food, beer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

fun, and they kind of gave us their spiel what they do. We got to see their space

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

and it was pretty cool. So the first place we stopped at was like this prototyping

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

So they have like high end three d printers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

and they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

basically work with their clients to figure out if something's going to work. They do some of their own inventions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

So like you've ever seen that shelf that goes over a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

outlet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

like, that you can set your phone on? Or I'll be honest with you. I had not until you sent me the link on Amazon. Yeah. So yeah. So that was one of their inventions,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

they have some other stuff like that. I guess they've been working a lot with, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:23]

things that Mark Cuban is involved in, like the shark from Shark Tank Mark Cuban.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

I always think of him as the owner of the Mavericks, but, yeah, Shark Tank too. That makes sense. The Mavericks, do they still exist?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

Are you are you kidding me? Oh my gosh, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

Sometimes your lack of, like, sports knowledge really concerns me, buddy. Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

so they do cool prototyping stuff and work with them and do all the prototype production there, and then they send it off to somebody who can go make millions of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

What what was the end goal of this tech crawl? Like, just networking or was there some of the networking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

being aware of what I mean, these are all in the Nubo neighborhood that we went to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

two of them. I knew nothing about beforehand and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

the other

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

three, I guess I did know. So yeah, but it was $10. You go through, you get all this stuff, they host you, and then at the end, if you make it to all the stops, you get this pint glass,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:27]

which I actually did not end up getting because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

I got stuck talking to the owners of this, prototyping

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:35]

studio and we pretty much shut down Nubo City Market.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

$10, who's the money go to? I think it goes to clay and milk and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

pays for the pint glass and stuff like that advertising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

I mean, it sounds like a good time. I I'm still not sure I I grok the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

Not the goal. That's alright. Networking and drone people around. I mean, like, if you want people to come tour Salesforce Tower. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

It's a lot of work to get people signed in to do that. But, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

don't and and I gotta drive in and park, and it's like a whole thing. But Got it. I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

take you, John. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

I I guess I guess what I'm trying to wrap my head around is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

why is an introvert like yourself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

interested in networking, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:27]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

There was free There

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

we go. And it was So that'll be tech stuff. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

That'll be the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

thing we'll we'll dwell on as we move on. So, I mean, that sounds cool. That sounds like a decent way to end your week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:40]

Yeah. Well, it was Thursday, so I had to go back Friday and work. But I probably would've taken the day off. You probably would've.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

So speaking of things and and taking days off, it looks like tomorrow I'm not working.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

I, I have been summoned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

to court

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

for jury duty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

Oh. Now that is not the only thing that you get summoned to court for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

Well, yeah. Specified. Yeah. It's never Yeah. You breaking the law though surprisingly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

Not yet. So I I got a summons initially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

and I postponed it because I thought I was gonna be traveling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

and then I wound up not, which was my mistake. But I I've got a summons. Looks like I gotta show up tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

It's funny, missus Lemon was summoned a couple months ago. We've only lived in Marion County

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

for a year and change. Actually, I guess, a year and a half, here in October.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

So I I don't know if there's, like, blood in the water or what the deal is that we've both gotten summons because this is the first time I've been summoned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

since I left Chicago

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

Wow. Thirteen some years ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

Have you done jury duty in Iowa? I was summoned once in Iowa,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

and we got this deal where you call them the day before, and then they tell you if you have to show up or not, and I didn't have to show up. So it was pretty

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

low key.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

As far as I can tell, I have to show up tomorrow. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

So, yeah. I'm a little bummed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

Only because it's funny, like, I'm conflicted. I'm so backlogged with work right now that I really can't afford to miss a day or two, like, just to get caught up with everything that's on my plate. Yeah. But I really wanna do jury duty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

Is that weird? It's a little bit weird, especially since depending on if you make it onto a jury, then you can't talk about the trial on the podcast. So we're just Well, can't after it's done, can I?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

I don't know. I wonder how I asked that question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

During the review process, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

Yeah. Missus Lemon is pretty well convinced that I will not pass it pass through the review process, but You're too opinionated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

I but here's the thing. You can't tell that from looking at me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

Know? By how you answer questions, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

I'm I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

take take cues from other jurors. I don't know. Hey. Am your inner John. I am kinda hoping to get called though. I think it could be fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

At least, I I like new experiences. Right? I like learning, and I think that this would be this would be that. But yeah. Nice. These things never get scheduled when it's convenient.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

I'm one of the things I've been debating on, I wanted to bounce off you is, do you think we can record this podcast on an iPad?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

Record? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

Well, that's all I need to do. I just need to be able to record it and then send you the file. Right. So my laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

the one with the keyboard that has all the problems Yep. Has started having problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

My space key, John, just adds additional spaces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

And it's it's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

to a t what Apple describes for the keyboard repair program.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

So first, I'm gonna have to make a long drive up to the Castleton area to go to Keystone Crossing Mall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

to show them my laptop, and then they'll they'll ship it off or whatever. They probably will not ship it back to my house, so I have to go back up to Castleton, which is just I I don't enjoy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

You've been I've been doing it on my laptop for a while. Yeah. I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

Yeah. To replace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

my, my Apple Watch, which you now have. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

So I don't know, man. Like, we gotta think about how to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

how to pull this off because I'm I'm a little concerned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

I rely on my Mac too much these days.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

You've still got your Mac mini. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

I do. That's true. I guess I could I could set it up and go off that. I was just curious, have you ever thought about, like, what would you do if you didn't have a Mac computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

for a period of time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

No. But it sounds scary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

Yeah. It does, man. So here's here's one thing I've considered. Should I should I buy a spare Mac? Spare Mac? Yeah. I I think that missus Lemon should probably have a Mac even if she doesn't use it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

Maybe that's the way to rationalize this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

I don't know. So we'll see we'll see what happens. I'm a little concerned, but I just figured to toss that out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:20]

Yep. Well, good luck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

Or you could just buy a new computer soon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

Who knows what'll happen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

Who knows what'll happen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

Speaking of that Apple Watch, how's it going for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:34]

I like it. Like, I figured out this waterproof thing accidentally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

I'm like, hey. What does this water droplet do in this dashboard? And then it's like, hey. Turn this to unlock and eject water or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

So So are are you using your Apple Watch in new and exciting ways now that it has all the features? I am. I can now do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

challenges. So missus Colmire is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

currently beating me at an activity challenge that started on Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

I'm not surprised. I should I challenge you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

I'm pretty sure I'm gonna smoke you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:10]

You think? Maybe I'll decide to start biking again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

Listen, man. I figured out how to log a little league,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

like, warm up activity. I I've seen you play baseball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

Well, I get all these baseball things. It's, I mean, every time Hank and I go outside now, I I start a workout, so I feel better about myself. Yeah. But So the other new thing is that this, like, senses when you might be exercising.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

So there I was this morning. I manually grind grind my coffee on the weekends.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

It's like, hey. It looks like you're exercising or something like that. Do you wanna start an activity? And it was, like, elliptical or something that it threw in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

So did you did you log on ellipticals?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Oh, okay. I was gonna say that that'd be funny. I'd go back and have to check that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

So are you finding yourself using the device more?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:05]

No. Not really. I mean, like, the old Apple Watch was still working well. I can definitely notice a speed improvement here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

and then cool things like challenges. And I think it, like, will now alert me if my heartbeat is irregular

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

irregular.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:22]

Hasn't done that yet, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

that's pretty good. That's a good sign, John. I think the Apple Watch three is really when the Apple Watch kinda came into itself, like it was a complete product at that point. Yeah. It had met kinda the, I think, speed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

goals or speed necessary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

for it to be usable daily. So I think, you know, you going from a series zero to a series three, that that's that's a big upgrade in my opinion. Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

Alright. Well, look, after we're done here, maybe I'll challenge you. Alright. Sounds good. I've got jury duty tomorrow, so I'll be, pretty inanimate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

Or you'll pace back and forth in the waiting room And I doubt. I doubt that. Although, I tell you what, I I am apparently, I can take my laptop in. Really? They say. I don't know if there's Wi Fi. Who knows? But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

I was just planning on taking a book, but I think now I'm gonna take my computer and just kinda, like, see what happens. Yeah. Yeah. Good luck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

We expect the whole report next week. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

will I will report as much as I'm able to. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

the one thing I will not be bringing is Zach Brown's latest album, The Owl.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

Yeah. You've this was the first thing on our agenda for this week, and I'm like, wait, there's a new Zach Brown album? How did I not know about this? And I went to listen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

I agree

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

with everything that you warned me about. Okay. So I think what I told you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

like, lyrically speaking, the storytelling is not there. I think these are weak songs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

Musically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

at least as far as the instrumentation goes, they're hollow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

There

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

is little to no harmonization,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

which I think is one of those things that when I think about Zach Brown, the the harm harmonizations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

are just, like, usually off the chart. Right? Right. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

there's just an amazing amount

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

of distortion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

done to sound. Like, this album

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

has auto tuning on pretty much every track. I think there's only one track where it is not auto tuned in some fashion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

and, that would be Leaving Love Behind. Even someone I used to know has a bit of auto tuning, and you can can tell if you listen closely. But to so to me, right, Zach Brown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

has always been this raw

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

storyteller

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

just a depth of instrumentation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

really really just great musical ability. Right? And they're I don't know if you call them a jam band. Would you call them a jam band?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:56]

I don't know. I don't I think they kinda defy all odds at this point, like, you can't lock them in somewhere. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

they they just have a generally good sound,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

and this album

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

just didn't resonate with me at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

And they're actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

there are a couple songs I don't I don't I actually don't like. Right? So in past albums, there have been songs that I'm just, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

But but this one has ones that I legitimately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

do not care for. Like, I will purposely skip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

I don't know, man. Like, it it really kinda bugs me. I at first, when I listened to this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

and you called me on this when I told you to listen to the Owl, I said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

I was I was hoping that it would grow on me in the same way that Jekyll and Hyde did. Because when I listened to Jekyll and Hyde the first time, I didn't like it. Right? But with time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

and a couple of listens, and just really just be more open, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

I I realized that Jekyll and Hyde really was a it was a bold album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

It was very clever, and it proved that they like, the depth of their musical ability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

is much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

wider

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

than they had shown thus far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

But I don't think that's what they're doing with the Owl.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:12]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

So the first my first impression, and I made this comment several times as I was live texting you during my listen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:20]

was there's this focus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:22]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:24]

really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

kind of boring percussion lines. Like Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

let

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

me ask you about that, because I I've been I've been thinking about that ever since you said that. I think you you said that probably about five songs. Right? Right. Do you think there is an actual drummer playing those beats? I don't think there is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:41]

I'd have to listen again, but I don't know. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

my big beef is that it was mixed poorly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

So, like, if you just bring in, like, a digital

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:52]

drum thing that somebody's actually playing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:55]

versus drum loops or something like that. I think that there's usually a place for that. Even drum loops, depending on those style of music, can be played well, but they definitely shouldn't be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:06]

louder than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:09]

the singing voice or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

The the percussion is definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

heavily weighted on the volume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

I think but but I I do think they're just poorly chosen loops. I think this is all created in a studio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

Yeah. It's not an actual, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

drummer hitting an actual instrument.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

And I'm not trying to discount what's done digitally, because there there's some skill and talent involved there, but Mhmm. Not in what's been done on the OWL. Like, I Right. This I'm pretty sure these tracks all exist in GarageBand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

on every Mac that's been shipped since 02/2002.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:46]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

write me. Tell me how much you you hate that that line. But, here here's the other thing too. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

Jekyll and Hyde, right, was bold. It really pushed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

I think, the way that you think of Zach Brown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

Welcome Home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

I thought was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

cleverly named,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

because it it was like a a it returns to the sound that we had in Uncaged,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

or You Get What You Give, or even the foundation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

Right? Like, there was but but it was it was evolved. It it was still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

Zach Brown with with being different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

Right. And I kind of hoped that they were gonna do that. Then I listened to the first track on The Owl, which I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

what is what is the first track? It's The Woods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

Right? Right. Which is one I can't decide if I like or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:35]

But I think I don't know. Comment on it was it was a terrible

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

lead track.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

Oh, it's definitely an awful way to start the album, but it might be the best way to start this album,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

oddly enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:50]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

I I don't know, man. I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

this this this album has two songs in particular that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

straight up do not like. Right? Again, it's that's never

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

happened. I did think the woods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

I'm gonna make sure I'm remembering this right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

The woods has a really nice strong start, but then it just it's it's hollow thereafter. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:15]

I'd have to listen. I should have listened right before we started recording. Yeah. You should have. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

I again, just not really doing it for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

The the two songs I didn't like well, actually, let me see this. Let me can you guess the two songs I didn't like? The two songs that you didn't like. You told me these,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:35]

God Given was one of them for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

It definitely was. I think that song was pure garbage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

And OMW?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

Yeah. OMW is also a piece of trash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

So real quick, before I forget,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

the woods,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

I like there's there's the chorus. Right? There's only one verse, oddly enough. This song has almost nothing to it. Or no, I guess there's two verses. But it's one man's trash is another man's treasure. I think that particular beat was well executed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

but that's it. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

apart from that, it's awful. OMW

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

is just it's just not even good. There's no point. There's no storytelling going on there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

and it's a bad jam on top. And then God Given, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:20]

again, just pure garbage. I I I it pains me to say that because I love Zach Brown so much, but it's just not a good song. I was pushing for us to go see them in concert this year, and then you were gonna be gone or something. And I think you ended up not being gone, but then went to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

the breakfast thing. Right. Yeah. There was yeah. It was it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

a certain trip I can't name. Yeah. They got derailed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

I I'm gonna be honest with you, John. I'm kinda glad we didn't go. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

I I think this would have been bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

songs I'm kinda iffy on. Right? The Woods, like, maybe I like it. I don't know. Don't think I like the Woods. I don't think it's gonna hold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

with time. Right? So I can go back and listen to The Foundation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

and still love almost every song on that album every single time I listen to it. And and The Woods is not gonna hold a a match to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

Shoe Fly Pie is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

a completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

purposeless song,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

but I I don't know. It's okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:20]

My take here is I didn't particularly like the song, but it was kinda in the same spirit as tracks that have appeared on other albums.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

What It was with this exception. I think, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

the voices are exceptionally distorted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

and it lacks the harmonization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

that is so quintessential

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

with Zach Brown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

Right? Yeah. And so if if you took this same song and just simply didn't auto tune it, I think it would sound like something that came

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

from, you know, Welcome Home or Uncaged or something like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

which is why it's kinda like in that undecided area. I also put me and the boys in the band in the same box.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

I think you like that one, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

I don't think I hated it. That's that's the longest song on the album. Longest track record. It definitely is. Definitely is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:18]

Yeah. I think I I didn't hate that one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:21]

I did not like Finish What We Started

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

with That one doesn't even didn't even leave an impression on me. Yeah. I mean, so historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:30]

Zach Brown has had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:32]

really cool, like, featured artist songs. I have no idea who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

Brandi Carlisle is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

first of all. And then it just didn't didn't come off like it definitely wasn't Jimmy Buffett or pretty much anything on Jekyll and Hyde that they brought in featured singers on. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

album that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

Jimmy Buffett was on, that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

oh my gosh. I'm drawing a blank here, John. Which album is that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

You Get What You Give. You Get What You Give. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

That one also features a song by Alan Jackson. Really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

strong songs and resonated with their roots, like, just a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

that that that album, I think, might be my favorite. I don't know. I I I say that, but the foundation is so awesome. So it's tough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:21]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

so the the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

two songs that I legitimately like on this album, let's see if you can guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

That you legitimately like, are these the ones that sound most like Zach Brown?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

I mean, you tell me, John. Do they have to sound like Zach Brown for me to like him?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:40]

Probably not, I would say. But leaving love behind, I think, is the best track on the whole album. Also, the last track.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:49]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:51]

someone I used to know is the single that sounds like Zach Brown and Bingo. Yeah. I think that says something that they're releasing that as the single too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

Oh, it absolutely does. Absolutely does. Someone I Used to Know is a good song. It is auto tune though. Right? Like, there's Yeah. There's a fair amount of distortion there. It's not as good as other singles or theirs off of other albums. Sure. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

Leaving Love Behind is a pretty raw recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

It's not a very full recording, like, the instrumentation is not Right. Over the top,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

but I think what it features is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:24]

Zach Brown's voice Yep. Undistorted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

harmonization,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

and some legitimate music talent. And John, I think this is you've clued me in on this. It lacks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:36]

the, like, percussion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

loops that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

taint the rest of this album, quite frankly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:43]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:46]

yeah. I mean, the percussion is the thing that stands out the most to me, this whole album that I just couldn't get past.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:52]

And really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

what drew me into Zach Brown, I think you probably turned me on to Zach Brown initially, was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

strong Zach Brown voice and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:02]

guitar picking skills.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

Guitar picking and a fiddle. I mean, typically, a fiddle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:08]

that complemented

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

some seriously awesome guitar picking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

So, you know, I my wife is a big Dave Matthews fan. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

I am not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:19]

The instrumentation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:20]

on Dave Matthews is usually, like, really pleasing to my ears. I just find Dave Matthews' voice to basically be like nails on a chalkboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:30]

to me I disagree with Stan on this, so you could keep listening if he just insulted you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

So I I kinda find Zach Brown to be the almost country

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

version

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

of Dave Matthews in that regard, historically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

Again, I think whatever he did in the Owl,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:48]

like, I I it's I think that's probably,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:51]

this is what I hope happened is record companies said, hey, you need to put an album by here. So they forced the creative process and you just put out something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

Maybe. I don't know, man. I mean, I think the way you determine whether or not that statement is true

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

is go to a concert. Well, what comes next? But you also go to a concert and you see what are they playing. Yeah. Because if they are only playing tracks from the Owl, then they're all in, you know. But if they're still busting out stuff from Uncaged in the Foundation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

then, you know, they're, I think maybe what you're saying holds true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:27]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

Let so let me since we're on this topic, what is your favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

Zach Brown song?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

Favorite Zach Brown song. Yeah. I put you on the spot. See, know mine right off You the start.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:44]

I'm gonna go look through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:47]

a list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:48]

Oh, see? It's not on top of your head. Highway 20 Ride is is just one of my absolute all time favorites. I know you've got some,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

emotional baggage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

to go with it. But I think one of the things that I appreciate in music is a good story. Right? This is why I am such a, Jimmy Buffett fan, which, you know, people go, what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

But Jimmy Buffett is a storyteller. It's why I also like Alan Jackson as much as I do because he's a good storyteller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:18]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

this will be my segue, but, or my my kinda capstone to the Zach Brown bit. But I also like Trace Adkins for the same reason, and I'm a come back to that in just a minute. You tell me what your favorite song is though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:32]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:33]

man, it's it's hard because, like, Zach Brown is one of my go to listen to at work,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:39]

things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:41]

I mean, chicken fried is a classic. That's probably what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:45]

drew me in initially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:46]

And then we got things like Colder Weather, which is kinda in the same same boat as Highway 20. It is. Yeah. It's got some sort of harmonies and stuff like that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:58]

I think those are probably where I would start.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:03]

But yeah. I mean, there's so many good songs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:05]

Colder weather is a good call out. That that's definitely in my running.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:10]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:10]

I mentioned Trace Adkins. I don't know. You're you're probably not much of a Trace Adkins fan, are you? No. I mean, I don't mind him, but I haven't invested in listening to his

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:20]

repertoire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:22]

So he did this album, and it was just titled More.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:26]

Right? Alright. Which was really bizarre at the time that it came out because it was, it's just more of the same. So he didn't reinvent himself on the album. He didn't change his sound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

He just gave

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

more songs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:39]

that were Trace Adkins style. Right? Yeah. And what I really want after listening to The Owl is the Moore album from Zach Brown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:48]

Yeah. Because I I I feel like this is a misstep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:51]

I don't know what they'll do next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:53]

I just hope it's not the same thing as The I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

want them to go back to their roots.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

Not the album. You got you got that, did you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

That's a good song too. I mean and talking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:07]

like, I think that beautiful drug is probably fairly high up there at this point now too. That's a completely different style off the Jackal and Kite album. We absolutely despised it the first time we heard it. But then you listen in, and, yeah, like, musically, it's not great. But Zach Brown's voice is still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:29]

out there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:30]

being awesome. So Beautiful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:33]

Drug is a great one. So, you know, you think about that album. Again, that one really pushed the limits. Beautiful Drug

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:39]

didn't sit well the first time. It is definitely one of my favorite songs on that album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:45]

Homegrown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:45]

was the Zach Brown sound Right. On Jekyll and Hyde. It was a good album. It was good or a good song, rather. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:53]

I I go to that album though, and I'm listening to stuff like Mango Tree Yep. Which is just bizarre stylistically for them, but it was awesome. Castaway is a good one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:04]

Well, I think my favorite on that album is Young and Wild Yeah. Which is kind of Zach Brown ish. Right? But it's it's a little little different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:12]

This all in all, that's a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:14]

that is a great album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:16]

Tomorrow Never Comes is also a really great one, and there's the acoustic version at the end, which again, did you notice? No acoustic versions on on this No. Album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:26]

And I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

that they've Zach Brown's always had their deluxe edition of their albums with a bunch of acoustic features at the end. Right. I don't think they're gonna be able to do that with The Owl, because I think there's too much musical manipulation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:39]

to make all but one of these songs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:42]

And that that's just I think it's sad. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:45]

Oh, well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:46]

So The Owl, Life With a Twist a Lemon does not recommend,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:51]

Dave Matthews' band, Life With a Twist a Lemon is split on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:56]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:58]

last bit. Do you think leaving love behind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

is an ode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:03]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:04]

the fans of Zach Brown, where they're basically saying, like, we've moved on? I really hope not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:11]

I hope not too. I do think it is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:15]

I don't know. That song positioned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:17]

where it is in the album makes me wonder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:20]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:22]

mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:24]

like, if it's gonna be more of this stuff, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:28]

I mean, I'll listen to the classics. But, like, I think that they are talented enough where they don't have to be stuck

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:35]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:37]

only being played on country radio.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:40]

So I don't know. It will be interesting The to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:43]

world does not need another Blake Shelton.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:46]

That's for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:48]

Another,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:50]

talented musician, storyteller Sold out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:53]

That abandoned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:54]

all of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:56]

Shaved the mullet and sold out. Yeah. It's I mean, his stuff lately has just been garbage, you know? Haven't even listened to anything recently. Nobody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:05]

remembers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:05]

Old Red. Oh, man. Love that song. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:09]

Alright, John. On that note, I'm gonna go load up my iPhone, so I've got music to listen to tomorrow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:14]

while I am waiting in the county building

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:17]

for jury duty. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:19]

Sounds good. We will talk to you later, and hope to hear back on jury duty next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:25]

Later, John. Later.

