---
title: Fitness+ with Mark Buetow
episode: 116
date: "2021-01-07T13:56:15.000Z"
slug: fitness-with-mark-buetow/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around John's experience with his Apple Watch
  fitness tracking features, specifically the workout tracking, ring goals, and
  move goals. He discusses the challenges of consistency in working out and how
  the watch's features can encourage or hinder progress. The discussion also
  touches on various aspects of the watch's functionality, including the burn
  bar and metrics display.
keywords:
  - workout tracking
  - ring goals
  - move goals
  - fitness tracking
  - Apple Watch
  - exercise motivation
  - burn bar
  - metric display
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

Well, I I'm already regretting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

what we're doing for this episode.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:30]

It's your idea, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

I I'm not gonna take total credit for it because you did say that you wanted to do more guests on the podcast. That was after this was already on the calendar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

Was it really? I alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

Just for the record, John, you could have avoided this whole thing if you just done one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

workout.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:49]

One workout? I did watch some video reviews.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

Alright. So so today, we have a guest of the podcast, a longtime listener, friend of the show. You you've actually made a guest appearance once before uninvited,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

but nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

John, I think you should introduce your friend.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:07]

My friend, my father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:09]

Mark Butyl, gamer extraordinaire,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:12]

Lutheran theologian,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:14]

pastor of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

Zion Lutheran Church in McHenry, Illinois. And and more importantly, at least for the purpose of this episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

my favorite multilevel marketing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

aficionado

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

and fitness,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

nut. Mark, why don't you say hello?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

You know, guys, it's just like a dream come true. I've I've always wanted to be on this podcast, and and now it's become a reality.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

I don't know, man. Everything you've cracked up to be. Say say hello to all our listeners in in Red China.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

So so let let's let's cut to the heart of the matter here. We're we wanted to talk about Apple Fitness plus, and I I thought, like, there's a technology on the liberal term here. What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

We have Oh, the liberal term? Well, I it was important. We talk about Mac stuff. Right? And this is That's true. This is a big deal for Apple. And the fact that matters that, John, neither you nor I are really qualified to talk about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

well, fitness, first of all, but but also the kind of subscription service that Apple is positioning itself. And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

Mark, you've you've been doing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

like, workout regimes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

that that are subscription oriented for for quite a while. Like, I don't What'd you say? Six, seven years?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

Several years. Yeah. I think for at least as long as John's been married. So that's six and a half almost. Wow. Yeah. Not quite a half. Just checking just checking, John. So so to be clear, you used to be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

extremely unfit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:41]

Right? Like, remember going for walks on you and and having to, like, you know, patch on the back to, like, get you to finish the block, that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

You're you're much better shape now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

Hey hey, John. You remember when we ran up the hill at In Irvine. Columbia Irvine? Yep. Yeah. That was, that was about the time frame Stan's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

misremember. I don't I don't remember that at all. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

But you you did, you did am I am I missing you started off with Beachbody. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

Yeah. Okay. And you did the you did the shakes, the Shakeology. Shake Shakeology is a Beachbody thing. Right? It's all related?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

Right. Right. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

And they've I mean, were you doing, like, VHS tapes? Like, how did this start?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

missus missus Buto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

she she got she got involved in one of their workouts or whatever, became a coach,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

signed me up because, you know, you have to get coaches under you, that kind of thing. But at first, we did the the the DVD programs because that's all they had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

Yeah. Anybody who's familiar with Beachbody knows their their programs go way back. Like, they're they sell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

them in all kinds of ways. I mean, most probably, know, famously is, you know, those late night infomercial kind of things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

But so we did we did a couple of those programs on DVD, it was I don't remember exactly when, but it's probably been about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

two or three years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

that they came out with Beachbody On Demand, which was all the programs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

on demand. So you could do, you know, any program you want, mix and match your workouts, anything like that. So when you're doing DVDs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:11]

they're sending you something new every month. Is that the gist?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

No. No. You get, the program. Right? So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

Insanity max 30. Right? So that's, like, thirty days. So there was two weeks of, like, you know, building up and then two weeks of, like, hardcore stuff. So and typically, like, in that program,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

you know, the workouts repeat. So you do one week, and then you repeat the same workouts the following week. And then the the sec or the third and fourth week, it's the same workouts, but, you know, they're a little bit more intense.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

So the the whole premise, though, right, this is all structured, and you are you're buying into the program, you're you're gonna get fit, but it I think it's that structured and coaching element that really kinda set Beachbody apart. I mean, like, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

Beachbody would be a step up from, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:53]

Billy Banks, I would imagine. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Totally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

So, I mean and that's that was actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

that's always what I enjoyed about the program. So, like, the Beachbody On Demand,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

you know, let's say I wanna do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

lift four, which was a weight weightlifting program. It's eight weeks long. Well, you could they've got all the PDF stuff. Right? You can download recipes and meal plans if you wanna use that stuff. You could print off the PDFs of, the weight trackers. Right? To keep track of your weights each week, see if you, you know, up your weights and, know, stuff like that. So they're good structured programs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

you know, you you kinda always see the sort of Beachbody stuff or any any workout stuff. You say, oh, these people are, like, super fit or whatever. But, I mean, they actually work. I mean, you may recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

that I, you know, I lost I lost quite a bit of weight there at the beginning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

you know, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

the the key with fitness is always,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

I think the biggest thing for weight control or whatever, weight loss is probably diet even more than exercise. I mean, I know they say I know they say, you know, calories in calories out, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

what you eat is probably about as important and how much of what you eat is probably about as important as exercise. And just just to I I can testify. I will confirm here, verify, validate that you look

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:11]

a lot smaller than you used to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

in a in a good way. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. You're not there yet, but when you when you hit when you when you when you get around 40,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

you may look at the mirror and go, you know what? I need to shed a few pounds, and I need to keep moving so that, you know, when I'm, like, 80 or 90, I can still Yeah. Well.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:31]

So I There was there was once a time when Stan dropped into nothingness too, and you were just, like, on the elliptical and eating tacos all the time. Right? Yeah. Chicken tacos. Yeah. But, you know, I so I I do think though,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:45]

you you call it kind of an interesting distinction. Right? There's the dietary element, then there's, like, the the exercise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

cardio, like, just kinda being fit element. And that's the element that Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:56]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

branching into. Now now I don't wanna jump the gun here. I was just curious. When you're doing the Beachbody On Demand stuff, did their app track, like, the workouts that you did? Like, was there some way to see the minutes spent, you know, potential calories? Like, any of that kinda fitness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

data?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

Not really. Now, I mean, so I think within the past year or so, they haven't actually there's an actual app for the Apple Watch, which I did not use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

But it would basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

you tell it what workout you're doing, and it would run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

it would run like the it would it would log it to your health app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

I think is how it works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

Otherwise, the way I was doing it so I got my I got my watch in, what, September, and so I was still doing some Beachbody stuff. So I just use, like, the regular fitness app, which, you know, select cardio,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

select strength training, whatever, and then just let the let the watch log the the workout. Yeah. And and so that's I think that's what all of us with watches did for, quite frankly, years. You have jumped on this watch bandwagon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

relatively late. I mean, you know, you, quite frankly, you were, like, really resistant to the watch for a long time. See, you know, you remember I told you I'm never gonna get a watch because I just I don't have a need for a watch, and I don't really want to wear a watch and all that. But why did I get my watch, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

I have no idea. Because Susan got one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

No. Not no. Oh, on. Susan had one for several months before. I told you when they when they when the when they debuted the fitness plus stuff or when they said they were coming out with fitness plus stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

that would be a reason to get the watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

I I think it was also because Susan got one. But I'll I'll humor your answer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

I think this is this is important, though. Think this has actually been an impetus for a number of people, right, to jump in to this Apple ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:42]

So so let's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

let's jump into the heart of the matter. I I'm just gonna put this out here right now. I think that the what's interesting to me about Apple Fitness plus is it takes some of the best of Apple,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

some of the worst of Apple, and the aspiring Apple, and combines them all together in a package that is mostly neat with a lot of really rough edges.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:02]

So first and foremost, the the best of Apple, think, is the Apple Watch. I think I think the Apple Watch, especially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

you get the series six, Mark, I believe. Right? Yeah. I get the series five. John, you've got what a series

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:17]

one? The series four, I think. Right? I don't know. One right before it was always on. Okay. Yeah. So four, I think. So I I think I've I've I've been very open about I think once

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

the Apple Watch moved into that always on realm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

it came into its own. Right? This is like just a really I think it's a great product. Mark, I'm curious. You're now three months in. What do you think of the watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

I love the watch. It's great. You guys are right all along. Well, I could've told you that. And and, John, like, you seem the most lukewarm person I know about pretty much

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

everything but your laptop. What what do you think about the watch? I love my laptop.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:53]

I like the watch.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:57]

I don't know. I use Siri because of the watch pretty much.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:00]

And then, like, I use the fitness stuff, and it's nice to have pop up notifications and things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

can always have the weather on my watch. You know what mean, man? I'm like the I'm like the collector of weather apps. Yeah. Is that the truth? I'm a you know? But I'm like, just I just like having the weather, man. I just like tap it and see the weather, like, all the time. Like, I always know, like, you know. So okay. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna pause for moment. What complications do you have on your watch right now, Mark?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

Alright. I've got the I've got the solar dial Okay. Which has the you you know what that one is? That's got the that's how much daylight. Right? Yep. So I got the I got Weather Mate, which is my weather app on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

They got a nice complication.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

I got the calendar. I got the home app down in the corner, so I can turn my lights on and off. Nice. And I got and I got my rings. So what why don't you just use Siri to turn things on? Why do have to have the home button app?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

Well, you can, like, dim it, mess around with it, and goof off. All of which you can do with your voice. Okay. Alright. Fair enough. What if I wanted to send what if I wanted to send a message to the intercom? Like, my wife should do that. Yeah. You can just say, hey, Siri.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:09]

Send intercom,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:10]

everyone. What if he he doesn't wanna wake people up? Yeah. You know taking a nap. Sometimes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:16]

Sometimes, you know, sometimes you wanna talk to Siri. Sometimes you don't wanna talk to Siri. I'll just say that I know what you're experiencing in your head right now because it's the same thing that went through my mind the first time John asked why the camera app was on my home screen. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

alright, John. What what do you what complications do you have?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:32]

So I have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:34]

basically my next calendar event,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:36]

which is a shortcut to the calendar.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:38]

I've got the current just Apple weather,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:43]

and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:45]

I've got my fitness data via text.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

So not the rings. It's just text across the bottom of the screen. Okay. Alright. That's relatively close to what I have. I've got just the calendar date. I've got the temperature,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

right, with the highs and lows. And then I have the little it's the elongated widget that shows your activity data spanned over all the hours in in the way that it kinda bubbles it up. That's all I have. I've, I've definitely done more complicated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

configurations,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:11]

but, this, thus far, has been kinda my my go to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

I should point out that this is just my home watch face at 09:00 tonight. It's gonna switch to very simple simple digital digital watch at 05:20 tomorrow to go to my workout. It'll go to my workout phase,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

which has the rings on it as well as the, the remote app to run the Apple TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

And, and at 08:00, it'll switch to my school phase and work phase, which has, like, the the long term forecast weather and, like, a calculator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

and the inner the, walkie talkie app and stuff I need during the day. So so you've you've basically taken the Shortcuts app

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

and customized your whole day. Like, this this is the thing about Mark. Right? I I get a Apple product, and I love it, and I embrace it. And I just, like, over years, cultivate how I'm gonna use it. Mark is like, I wanna know every possible thing that it can do by the end of the week. And I'm gonna I'm gonna configure all of those permutations, and then I'm gonna just embrace it for as long as I can until I get exhausted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

Listen. Automations are the bomb, man. I, like, walked in the living room today and realized, I don't remember turning the light on because it came on at sunset. It's just it's just there. Yep. I just go through my house and stuff happens. Automation is legit. Alright. So I think everybody everybody likes the watch, which is great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:24]

Apple Fitness plus requires

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:26]

a watch, but that's it. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

I guess I actually, I wonder, do can you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

you do a workout on, say, an iPad or an iPhone without a watch? Do we know? You you can't. Okay. It just doesn't record any of your there's an option there's an option on your phone, and I I suppose it would probably be on the iPad too because they're similar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

It's it says workout without the watch if it knows you don't have your watch on. So I guess that's Don't think you could can't do that on a TV though because it actually when you when you log in, it asks who's working out and it connects you I'm not I'm not ready to gripe about that yet. We'll get there. We'll get there. So so Apple Fitness plus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

is just a bunch of curated videos with instructors in different categories of workouts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

And and, you know, you they show you how to do the exercises. Right? And I I'm assuming this is not too different at at least at that level, right, from, like, Beachbody and probably Peloton and some of the other Or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

Netflix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

Wait. Netflix has workout videos?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:24]

I'm sure they do. But Everybody has workout videos. Right? There's apps. There's YouTube. The the kicker with this is every week they're adding new videos. And I they they seem to be adding them at a healthy click. They've got different,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

coaches that will lead you through the different kinds. I'm just gonna run through the list of the type of workouts that they've got. We got HIIT, yoga, core strength, treadmill, cycling, rowing, dance, and then the mindful cool downs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

Some of these require equipment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

but a lot of them don't. Like, obviously, cycling, you need you need to cycle on something. Same with rowing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

You, Mark, you're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

if I'm not mistaken,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:02]

you're mostly a hit yoga core strength kinda guy. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

Yeah. Yeah. Have you gotten into dance at all?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

So for the rowing, you need a rowing machine, and the treadmill, you need a treadmill. And for the the, the cycling, I think you're supposed to have a bike. And for the dance, you're supposed to have rhythm. So, no.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

So I I'll be completely honest. I didn't give you rhythm for all these exercises on this thing. They they all I I did one I did one dance just to try it. I'm like, yeah. It's just not my jam. You know? Sure. Sure. I I feel it there. I it's interesting. This is all tied up into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

iTunes or Apple Music. Right? So you can see the playlists

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

that they line up with the video. I think that's actually a pretty neat aspect of it. It obviously is connected to the watch. So when you start a video, you're starting it on your watch. You can see what's going on on the screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

Have you done all of your workouts now on the Apple TV?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

Yeah. Okay. And are you is has Susan gotten into this too, or is she interested in the Apple Fitness plus product at all? Yeah. She does. So she does, and so she's been doing her workouts. So I I usually do mine in the basement. She does hers upstairs because, of course, you know, you can't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

yet, I suppose, have two two watches connected at the same time. I mean, in my case, you can't even have one one watch connected, but we'll we'll get there. We'll get there. Oh. Oh. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

so I Spoilers. Yeah. Really. Oh, let me tell you about my night. So I have I've tried a hit, a yoga,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

a strength,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:30]

and a dance workout, plus the mindfulness cool downs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:34]

I tried three of them prior to us recording, which is why my hair's all disheveled, and I'm a little little, clammy around the gills. And It's kinda what you've looked like all of 2020, Stan. Oh, that just hurts. That just And hurts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

Here's I'm I'm convinced that John would not like this because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

they don't I'm convinced that I wouldn't like it. Well and it's not just because of the fitness element, John. I think the the type of workout

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

you have to have rhythm, first of all. Like, I think that's applicable to all I do not. Yeah. Well, I I can testify that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

they move awfully fast. All of them move very quick. You know? There's not like, a ten minute video is mostly ten minutes of of workout.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

I I'm imagine, Mark, you've done this enough. Like, you know moves that they're doing. This is not like a it's not a ramp up period for you. Is that fair?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

Yeah. It's fair. In fact, I would say probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

the majority of the workouts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

or at least a good good percentage of them kinda start a little bit slower, and they they tend to ramp up. Like, I know, like, a three round hit, you know, the the the first round is a little bit less intense, and they they they ask you to. The the nice thing though, I mean, they all have modifiers, right, which is the the guy on the left or the girl on the left that's just doing the moves a little bit less impact and stuff like that. But that's pretty much true of any workout video. I mean, Beachbody's always had a modifier. So if you wanna take the impact out I a little easier. I've not done yoga before. This is this whole Fitness plus thing has been a new experience for me with with yoga. And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:01]

I I have not been in that kind of pain probably since I had my my sinus reconstruction

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

surgery

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

from from tonight's Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

Yeah. I there's Which which yoga did you do? I whatever the most basic one is. There was an an Aussie

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

lady that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

had a really nice accent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

Yoga with Jessica. Yeah. There you go. Yoga with Jessica. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:25]

yeah, I tried it out. It's it's interesting. I like it. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

I've had a consistent problem

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

though when I watch them on the TV, which is I don't I don't know what they're referring to, and I have to keep my head angled up to see what's going on on the screen. I mentioned it's a problem with all of these, but it it dawned on me that, like, the orientation around the moves, for lack of a better term or whatever, right, is is not really there. So I I think I think there's still a, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

an introductory intro introductory

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

hill to overcome for folks like me that haven't done this style of work. And that's where I think

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:00]

Here is something I learned from watching my YouTube videos of reviews.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:04]

So things like rowing,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:05]

there apparently is like an introduction for beginners to rowing where they kinda tell you what form you're supposed to use. Apparently, they didn't have that for yoga. If Did you do the introductory one for yoga, Stan? I I mean, I don't I I don't think I did. I don't remember seeing something that said introduction to yoga.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

They're all yoga with Jessica, yoga with Dustin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

The first one Absolute beginner yoga with Molly. Did you do that one? I did actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

Oh. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

I think I did because I So I couple with Molly. She's nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

I should show you what I'm what I'm looking at though. Like, I'm in the app and it they all just say, yoga with Molly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

I jumped I jumped the gun there. So I I don't know. I'm probably missing something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

You want you want this one, man. Workouts to get started.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

Well, where the heck is that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

Well, on the phone, it's just scroll down for See, that's okay. Here's here's problem number one with this That should be at the very top. Yeah. Exactly. I've never scrolled that far down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

This That's like UX one zero one. Come on, Apple. Okay. This this explains a lot. I've I've literally never scrolled down to see the for beginners section.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

So, no, I have never

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

I have never seen this video. Absolute beginner yoga with my well, now that I've done two yoga

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:27]

workouts, I will I will go do the absolute beginner with with Mai.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

some kinks to work out. So this is what so having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

done quite a bit of yoga just through a bunch of the Beachbody stuff, including like, they got one was a three week yoga program. It starts pretty basic, and you work your way up. I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

noticed that even some of the other work the yoga works I've done, like, on on Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

are pretty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

they they tend to tend to start you slow and work you up. But again, if you haven't never really done any yoga, it still might be a little bit like, what am I doing? Like, what's a down dog and what's Yeah. I don't know. I still know I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

mean, like, as far as I'm concerned, that's a chili dog with extra cheese. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

I I just,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

it's the orientation element for for someone completely that new. And and maybe I'm not implicitly the target audience just this moment. Also, maybe I just need to learn how to scroll. I I'll I'll accept that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

I I will say the first time I did a workout, it was I I initiated everything from the television. So I hadn't even opened up the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

the iPhone app at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

And it it worked it worked great the first time on the television.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:31]

And and this is, you know, I I said, like, the best of Apple, which I think is the watch. And I think aspiring Apple is this, like, this this services Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

What's what's interesting about this, we haven't mentioned it yet, but this is part of the Apple One bundle. Right? Which I know, Mark, you I think you were the first person I knew to to switch over to Apple One.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:48]

John, I I believe that you I think that's your 2022 New Year's resolution.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

Switch to Apple one.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:55]

But not not at the level for fitness plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

Well, yeah. Because it's it's only with the premium one. Right? And you can subscribe to it, I believe, separately if you've got one of the lower levels. But I, you know, I I switched, I don't know, in December sometime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

And Apple One, basically, for $30, we're getting our storage, our iTunes, arcade,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

news,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

Apple TV plus,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

which isn't bad. Right? I don't know if it's worth it on its own, but it's not bad. And the fitness plus on top of it, and I don't know how this prices out compared to other things, but I gotta think, this is pretty competitive pricing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

as a as a Beachbody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

coach or whatever discount that is and if you pay a year, Beachbody On Demand was $99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

for a year. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

And what's and I think Apple's price was $79.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

for the year if you do the year year price. Probably stand alone. I mean, it's it's it's competitive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

you know, with other because, you know and there's other services to do. Think Les Mills has, you know, their own and Peloton. I don't know what Peloton does, but, I mean, I'm sure these are all, like, yearly or monthly subscriptions that you get for their for their stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

So, I mean, price wise, I think it's it's competitive. I actually I actually canceled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

my Beachbody on demand. Woah. This is about to charge this week. So I'm like, well, I think I'm just gonna just gonna just gonna go for it. So, you know, I I go like, I would do a program for, three weeks or eight weeks or, you know, a month, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

And then in between, I'd just be like, well, I'll just do this random cardio one or just random strength. I just kinda jump around. So I'm kinda at the stage of life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

where,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

for workouts, just try to vary it up and do something a little bit different every day. So in that sense, Apple Fitness plus is pretty good. You just pick a different workout and do something. Sure. Sure. So so sounds like pricing is competitive. I think though the the secret sleeper here

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

is that if you are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

if you're doing, like, the big storage plan and family music,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

you're just talking about $5 extra to get a whole bunch of other stuff. And if you're already doing, say, arcade, which is a fantastic service,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

or if you're doing Apple News, which is okay,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

you know, this just comes free. Like, it's just it's just there. It's not something else you're paying for. And so, I I listened to an interview with Tim Cook where he talked about he's they're Apple's trying to democratize

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:13]

fitness, which I think is an interesting take. But, basically, his his angle is by by bundling it, by including with all the other things. Right? This is available to even the John Colmiers of the world,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:23]

in theory. Right? I think that's a cent I mean, not necessarily the John Colmiers of the world, but I think that's the target is just people like, it's not the hardcore go to the gym every day a week people, and it's not like the pro yoga instructors. It's just the people are gonna have an Apple Watch, and maybe this will get them to start moving around a little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

So so here's here's kinda my take.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

Back when we started kinda getting trying to get more fit and stuff, whatever, six years ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

We really were pretty hardcore with the diet and exercise together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

And then at certain point, I realized, you know, the the the the form factor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

the bodily form factor is probably most related to diet. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

But the exercise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

in and of itself is just good for, like, cardiovascular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

health and, like, keeping moving and keeping your joints fluid and stuff like that. So I think I'm gonna I'm gonna point now where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

I tend to eat more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

what I want,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

but I exercise to stay, like, mobile. Right? You know? So I'm not exercising necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

to, lose a lot of weight. I'm just exercising to stay

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

kind of, you know, mobile and being able to breathe and get my heart rate up and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

keep moving till I'm old. To this day, you're the only person I've ever seen walking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

or holding a donut on one hand and a piece of pizza in the other and eating.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

yeah. I I just to be clear, I have nothing but respect for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

So so this services world, this this democratizing fitness, I think this is what Apple wants to get into. I think so far, haven't screwed it up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

probably doesn't sound as high appraised as as it is because I I think,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

you know, their their platform, the number of potential subscribers for something like Fitness plus is way bigger than Beachbody or Peloton or any of those. Right? Because of you know, you take how how many people do you see with Apple Watches these days? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

pre COVID, you walk around. Right? Like, everybody has an Apple Watch. Even now, like, you're in meetings. Right? And people's watches are dinging all the time or they're standing up to to stretch their glutes or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

I think that's just kinda like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

it's it's become a normative thing in the same way the iPhone did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

But then there's this third component,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

in this whole, like, Apple Fitness plus ecosystem, which is which is really the garbage of Apple's product line. Like, it's the worst of the worst. It's it's the absolute,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

like, Apple wanted to prove how poorly they can do something. And they're like, hey, we got the Apple TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

And and I think the spirit of it is great. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

I it's the one Apple product I hate. I absolutely hate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

you Mark, you're a big Apple TV fan, actually. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:10]

Yeah. But I'm trying to figure out why I shouldn't be. Oh, man. So so here's let me let me tell you. First of all, I I've I've never been shy to rip on the remote for this thing, which is literally the dumbest piece of technology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

I and I don't know if I've maybe I've got a lemon of an Apple TV,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

but my remote

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

connects and disconnects all the time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

And and when it does that, like, it'll jump all over the place. So I've resorted to just using it from my phone, which is good most of the time. But even tonight, I was I was inches away from throwing my phone or inches. I was moments away from throwing my phone at the television because I wasn't getting it responsive enough. And then my whole problem tonight is I I have completed a fitness plus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:54]

workout on the TV with my watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

But tonight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

every time I tried, it would pump up this message pairing canceled, pairing canceled.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

And so I couldn't get it. I couldn't get to work. And then, of course, I finally find an Apple support article, and I scroll all the way down to the bottom after going through all the steps. And what does it say? Contact Apple support.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

I I will say I have not had any trouble connecting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

but about one of the first workouts that she tried to do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Susan was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

having trouble connecting. It wouldn't connect, and she's like it said it was the Apple the watch OS wasn't up to date, which it was. And it it just it was real hassle, and she's really, really annoyed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

So, you know, if those are frustrations people have, that's gonna be a it's pretty bad selling. Well, yeah. It's I mean, it causes like, to me for me tonight, I was I was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

about ready to pump the brakes and just say, you know what? The podcast research this is why we don't do research for podcast episodes. Right? Because it's just not worth it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

look, we can't forget also the story of last week when someone got a new iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

and paired their watch before updating iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

so that the watch data didn't carry over. I did end up working out twice that day because I'm not I'm not I gotta get my rings closed. I got I got I got fake digital medals to achieve here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

Yeah. You, you pulled the rookie move too of I'm gonna set this device up new rather than the the transfer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

I wouldn't have done the same thing. It's not worth it. Listen. In in 2021,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:25]

it's not worth it. You just do the transfer. It works so beautifully. I've not had problems like, this is one thing I've not had problems with. You you wanna talk to me about my time machine problem time machine problems, my photos, faces detection,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

or my, you know, Apple TV. Good good lord. I'll I'll I'll pour my soul out. But I I think here's here's the thing. Right? This Apple TV

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

is an expensive product to begin with. Right? In in terms of the streaming boxes, it's not cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

It's also really out of date at this point. It's an old piece of equipment. They haven't updated in a while,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:57]

And it is consistently buggy for me. And maybe I'm just unlucky. I will I will accept that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

But I I think this is the weak link in this this whole strategy for Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

What I wound up doing tonight is I actually used AirPlay

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

from my iPad, which works just fine with my watch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

onto the TV so I could watch it and and and follow along. And that worked just fine. And did it work? Because I keep hearing that it you can't do that, but I haven't tried so long. I did it. So so what I did tonight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

I did one workout with the iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

to the television. I did one with the phone to the television. And I did one where I just did it on the iPad and I set it on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

on on the couch. The kicker is and this is the reason why did the one on the couch. If you hit that play button before you set it to air airplay,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

you're you're locked in. You can't you can't airplay it. Oh, yeah. So there's no there's no, like, midstream change. You gotta do it right up front.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

But I like, I've got the Apple TV. I shouldn't have to do that, you know? And I think that's what was really annoying to me. Yeah. So in these reviews, like, the one of the coolest techno technology things was

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:00]

apparently, can just walk up to any Apple TV

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:03]

and it will sync up with your account. So, like, if it's in a hotel room or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:09]

if I'm at your house or something like that. I'm I'm calling baloney. I don't believe that that is gonna work. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

may because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

when I had to do that stuff, when I had to upgrade the iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

on the new phone and repair the watch, then the watch was gone from my Apple TV, but it was pretty easy to reconnect it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

And still still knew it was me. I guarantee you that I I I mean, I'll give it I'll give it to Apple that they've got some kinks to work out with the whole thing. Yeah. I I think I I think I told you guys this. So the Beachbody app was at the Beachbody app, the Beachbody On Demand app, which will let you run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

the Beachbody workouts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

on the Beachbody On Demand on the Apple TV from your watch. But it's not it doesn't show the metrics or anything. And they they actually put a a developer's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

note, you know, in the up you know, update notes or whatever that says the technology is very complicated and not worth the hassle basically to get the watch up on the screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

So Whoops. You know, I I I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:04]

so apparently that's maybe maybe Apple read that and said we're gonna make it so the watch can on the screen bit. I really wanna see that when I'm watching Clone Wars and I'm on the stationary bike. There you go. Like, just get that would be awesome because I'm always, like, looking at my watch, and then I miss Yeah. You should see your heart rate go up when you watch, The Last Jedi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:22]

Get a little HUD display of of your of your watch. I I will say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

I I do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

it's pretty cool to have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:31]

your heart rate, your like, your high, your low, your rings, all of that up on the screen. I I think that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

it's it sounds trivial. Right? Like, it sounds like a not a big deal feature, but I think it's a it's a really awesome

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

aspect of this whole thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

You know what's awesome?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:48]

The burn bar. I did I was gonna ask you if you did the burn bar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

So so explain the burn bar. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

you know, I don't know how they do that, but apparently, they put up the little the little bar that shows, you know, how far you are or in comparison to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

other people that have done the workout. Right? Now I don't know if it's sort of moderated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

with algorithms based on, like, know, your Yeah. Supposedly, it's like the age and weight categories.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

Alright. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

I mean, so when when I see when I see the the little guy get towards the front and then, right, and says, like, you're in front of the pack, and then it gets all the way in front of the barns, ahead of the pack. I'm like, I I have to keep it there. I can't I can't make it. I can't let it go. Like like, I did a so on the on the thirty minute hit workouts I've done, I've been able to keep it ahead of the pack, which I don't know. I suppose just means I'm working slightly harder than most middle aged men.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

Guys. Right? Hey. Congratulations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

Did a did a twenty minute the other day or ten minute hit or something. It was like shorter one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

And I I didn't get ahead. I only got to the front, and I was kind of annoyed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

So I imagine, John, you said weight and age are the are the facts? Yeah. I think there's weight and age categories based on the CNET video that I watched. Okay. And so then it's also like people in your age and weight

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

block, if you will, that have done that particular workout, which is which is the other other characteristic. But it's Yeah. So it could be. The so it just enabled on my last HIIT workout.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

So I haven't actually seen it in flight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

but I was looking. I was like, this seems pretty cool, you know, if I were into that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:19]

I don't think there's a burn bar for yoga, though.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:24]

So what we need to do is we need to get a lemon hit. And track where the lemon was during a workout. Yeah. There you And you can see if you can beat the lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:32]

Yeah. Yeah. So it's on hit. I would imagine, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

dance. I don't know. Maybe maybe it's on a couple different things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

You know, I think if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

if you try to be consistent with fitness and stuff, you you kinda find yourself in different phases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

You know, like, sometimes you're gonna wanna, like, concentrate on diet. Sometimes you're gonna wanna, like, do a program.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

And, you know, I'm I'm in the phase now where, like, I just kinda wanna do different workouts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

And I'm I'm having fun, like, trying to close my rings and keep up and get those silly awards and, like, beat, you know, beat the burn bar and all this stuff. So Did did I tell you how I lost my interest in my monthly challenge?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:12]

I'd like to hear this story. No. It's it's it's real simple. John remembers this. On December,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:18]

at the start of it, I got my notification that was, like, you have to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:23]

complete 43

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:24]

workouts And or something like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

I was like, for what? 43?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:29]

You know, like, it's it's a miracle to God that I get up into one. You know? Right? See, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

that was it? That was it. I was like Is this just too demanding? Well, no. Like, 43 That's like one less than the number of books you've read in a year. So what's the problem? It's 20 less. But but who's counting? No. But the the thing is, like, at 43,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:49]

that's more than one workout a day. And, like, if Apple's got all of my details, right, they know exactly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:55]

you know, what I'm pudging up and and and all that. And so they should know that anything past one a day is is really asking too much. They they do tailor to your to your ability or to where your your pass is. John, what's your January challenge? I have to do 200%

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:11]

move goal twice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

You know what mine is? 200% move goals. 206 times. Percent move goal six times.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:20]

Mine mine is I have to close my stand ring 10 times. What you need to do is you just need to set your move ring goal to a 150

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:28]

active calories.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:31]

Well, and, you know, in the latest watch, you can actually lower the the exercise time. That's probably what I should have done.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:36]

I just I was so I was so So for the workouts for the workouts, you just have to exercise for fifteen minutes at a time for it to count as a workout.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

Yeah. I just felt I felt like cheating. I don't know. That's not Well, it depends what you're I mean, it depends what it's set at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

For the workout? My my workout my workout's set for thirty minutes. Right? So But for the goal?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:57]

Yeah. You can adjust the goal. That's the exercise ring. You can adjust the exercise ring, but for it to count as, like, do 20 walking workouts, a workout is at least fifteen minutes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

Oh, interesting. So do but I have to stop the workout and start a new one. Correct. Yep. Yeah. See, that's the part, like, I I don't have time to think about that. Come on now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:19]

Mark, figure out how to do that for me on a shortcut. When I start a walk after fifty minutes, stop it and start a new one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:27]

So you get your 43? Yeah. Well, it's December. I'm I'm over that. I'm over that. I actually just checked. January is 26 standrings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:34]

So so I was joking about the four earlier, but it's 26 standrings.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:38]

At least it's less than the days of the month.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:41]

Yeah. Well, wouldn't it be a hoot and a half if it was more than the month? Right? 46 stand rings. Oh my goodness.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:48]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

so, Mark,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:51]

you've you've canceled the Beachbody for now. I mean, does this seem like your long term

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

solution?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

Do you feel like like this is you for the year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

At this point, kinda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

I I have I have a hunch that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

like, a lot of stuff that's Apple. I mean, I think it's pretty solid out of the gate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

I think they're gonna have I think they'll ramp it up and have good improvements too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

I think I I can't see how they can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

figure out a way to get, you know, more than one watch on the screen at a time if you wanna work out with somebody Yeah. I think that's inevitable. I think that would be that that would be a big one. Yeah. And just, you know, as long as they keep putting out quality workouts, and they can be kinda timely too. I did a mindful cool down the other day, and all of sudden, like, Michael Buble singing Christmas songs. I'm like, what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:37]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:39]

have you seen the variety in the videos that that, like, keeps you engaged? I think because that's one the things I've been wondering about, like, can they change this up enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

to keep it interesting?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

So, you know, if you do a beach if I did, a beach body program that had, let's say, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

you know, two weeks a two week cycle or something and maybe repeat it three times, so, like, a six week. So that first week is, like, all the same exercise, exact same workouts. Right? So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

what's nice about the Apple one so far is like the HIIT workouts. Like, I've done pretty much most of the thirty minute HIIT workouts, but they're all very different. Okay. Right. Like, one of them is like, you're gonna do five moves, like, twice, and then there's like a you grab a weight, do like a strength kinda cool down in between, and then ramp it up. And then the other one's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

seven intervals, and then the next round is six, and then you like knock it down one, you're doing just like one at the end. And so, I mean, they're they're pretty varied. Okay. So I You know? Gotta think that's gonna play into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

their,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:39]

maintaining adoption. I I I would think that that's gonna gonna be a big factor. You know, it's interesting to me. So they they've got a studio in LA. It looks like quite a studio too. Like, all all the videos I've seen, like, this looks like a pretty swagger place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:53]

And I I can't figure out, like, how are they pulling this off in California with COVID right now, you know, The kind of restrictions. So I think it's impressive that, at least as far as I can tell, week to week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:04]

all the same coaches. I haven't paid attention to the people in the back. So, apparently, coaches

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:09]

will appear in other coaches' videos as the people in the back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

Yeah. Yeah. They're it's it's all the same cast of coaches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

So, like, you know, you're doing, like, a strength workout, and then, like, the the lady in the background is, like The yoga lady. One of the hit coaches. Oh, other guys, like, one of the the cycle guy or whatever. I'm gonna be honest with you. I I haven't worn my glasses while doing any of the exercises, so I haven't really been able to focus it on the people in the back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

Well, I I do them on my Apple TV so I can see them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:37]

Well, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:39]

Don't don't even me started. You get me all worked up. Alright. Well, I so general just general, Mark, should

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:46]

folks get Fitness plus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:51]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

There you go. I mean, I would recommend it. It it it really depends what you want. I mean, if you want a structured program that's gonna tell you what to eat and which workouts to do and how to keep track of everything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

it's really not gonna do that for you. But if you want something that's gonna just, you know, track the workout with all the Apple metrics that you can get on your watch, you can kinda customize it, do your own workouts when when you feel like it, which kinds you want. I mean, it's a good it's a good it's a good way to do it. I think it's just a matter of time before someone, probably not Apple. I would guess this will be a, like, a a startup somewhere, comes up with a meal plan to go along with Fitness plus and then an app that that ties it ties in. Alright. So so second to last question here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:28]

Should John Kolmeyer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:30]

get Fitness plus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

I I I don't know if you'd enjoy it, John. You know what? Honestly, though, like, if when I'm doing a HIIT workout, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:41]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

it's it's good in a sense I'm gonna get my heart rate up. I'm working out. You know? I mean, you know, if the tunes are okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

But exercise in general, I mean, exercise in and of itself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

is not I mean, I don't 100% enjoy that. I don't I don't do a HIIT workout because it's fun. Yeah. I I don't Do a HIIT workout because I need to keep moving when I'm, 95.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

that's that's my hope. So that's motivation. That's why I hop on the stationary

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:06]

bike and watch Clone Wars.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:09]

Like, I would rather go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

go outside and, like, I'm not really wanting to follow somebody along. And see, I like I like that I I like that aspect of the Apple Watch, right? I can hop on my bike. Right. You know, hit the button, go, or go for a walk or jog or whatever and just do different kinds of stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

But I my workouts are I mean, during the week, especially, I mean, my workouts, I'm I'm up. That's the first thing I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

So I'm up five fifteen. At 05:20, my watch face changes to workout mode, and I got the Apple TV running. And and Jocko is there saying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:42]

the first battle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:44]

Do do you know what I'm talking about, Jocko, Mark?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

Is that, is that a Clone Wars reference? No. You you Google it. I've never done. Yeah. It's so late. I mean, you can't watch Clone you can't watch Clone Wars while watching Apple TV workouts. Picture in picture. Not yet. Picture in picture. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:59]

I wonder I wonder if that works. I don't know if they'll play some videos at a time. Probably not on Apple TV. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:06]

So I my initial reaction while watching this is I I don't know that, John, you would enjoy it just because I think the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:13]

the amount of, like, coordination precision and the, like, the rate at which you've gotta stay engaged.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:19]

I see, I'm just not that interested in watching somebody tell me what they do with cycling, but I could do the cycle one or

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:26]

the rowing machines look pretty cool. I could buy a rowing machine and do the rowing ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

You you know what it is, Stan? If it were if it were seven years ago and he still wanted to impress his father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

he might try it. Yeah. I think they could be. They could be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:40]

Alright, fellas. Well, I think I think that was a a decent endorsement of Fitness plus. And I I mean, I I would kinda just second what what Mark said, I think. You know, if if you're not doing anything and you wanna do something and you're not looking for that meal plan element,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:54]

from what I can tell, I think these seem like decent decent workouts. I will say the biggest challenge that I personally have had is my kids deciding to sit and lay on the couch and provide with color commentary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:06]

Henry

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:07]

Somebody said, oh, hey. Look. Your heart rate's finally getting up. Right? Actually, at one point, I was in so much pain during yoga. Sarah did get a video.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:15]

All all of those things don't help me. But nonetheless, I I think in general, fitness plus. Listen. You just need a standing rule. If that if the, if Apple Fitness is on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:24]

you better have your,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:26]

you know, your your kicks on and you better be doing moving along. Otherwise, get out of the room. I when we did the hip hop dance, or as Ellen calls it, the hippie hoppy dance workout,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:36]

I I tried to get them all involved, and we were bumping into each other, tripping over each other. And Henry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:42]

he just stood there. He just stood there. So I I don't know. I gotta basically, like, all of this, you know, Fitness plus combined with the Xbox is telling me that I really just need a television in my office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:53]

That's that's what this is coming down to. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:56]

but on that note, Mark, I wanna thank you for joining us on the podcast. It has been a pleasure. Thank you for your your insight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:03]

It's a lot of fun, guys. Thanks for having me. We hope that you hit record.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:07]

Oh gosh. And on that note on that note, this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:14]

Wash your hands and wear a mask.
