---
title: All the makings of a great anniversary episode
episode: 53
date: "2019-07-11T12:15:31.000Z"
slug: all-the-makings-of-a-great-anniversary-episode/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode discusses Apple's recent updates, including a new MacBook lineup
  with improved keyboards, and Marvel's upcoming movie "Spider-Man: Far From
  Home". The conversation also touches on John's personal experience with his
  new laptop and their shared enthusiasm for the movie. Patrick shares his
  initial thoughts on the movie, praising its performances but having low
  expectations beforehand.
keywords:
  - Apple
  - MacBook
  - "Spider-Man: Far From Home"
  - Marvel
  - Tom Holland
  - Michael Keaton
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Drums, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Alright, John. We got a lot to get through tonight, and I mean a lot. This is a the agenda is just packed, and it's all good stuff as far as I'm concerned. Like, this has all the potential to make a really great one year anniversary episode except it's still not one year. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:42]

Still not one year time wise. This is episode 53

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

asterisks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:47]

because it could be episode 52. It could be episode 54.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

It all depends on how you define an episode. Yeah. So the count is all messed up, but still not a year. We got a great episode, at least I think, because I got a lot that I've been adding to this list. You've added a couple things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

If if the listener is not aware, we make a list every week going into this episode of what we're gonna talk about. Some weeks are a little thin like last week. Other weeks like this week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

yeah, let's get going, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

Man,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:16]

you you added things today, and I don't even know what I'm gonna say. Well, tell me about your milkshakes first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

Milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

So I had two milkshakes. The first was at the Hubbard Avenue Diner

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

in Middleton,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:29]

Wisconsin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:30]

which is a suburb of Madison for all intents and purposes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

The milkshake was great. They served it old fashioned style, nice milkshake glass,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

real homemade whipped cream on top, and the nice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

aluminum

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

vessel with all the leftover milkshakes, which actually filled up the glass a second time. So it was like having two milkshakes in one. Oh, wow. Look at you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

what are our criteria? Slurpability. Yeah. It had a milkshake straw, so it was very slurpable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

If anything,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

maybe too on the liquidy side,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

it was good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:12]

I believe that it was made with Hershey's chocolate syrup,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

which is a stand lemon no no.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

But overall, I think the ice cream that they used as a base, I didn't see it because they made it away

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

from where we were seated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

But the ice cream, I think they started out with a good, strong,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:31]

solid foundation there, so that might have canceled out the Hershey's chocolate tea. Okay. You say this was thin. Was it at least consistent?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

Yep. It was very consistent. But not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

not really I guess, how would I say that? Almost too slurpable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

Almost too slurpable. Okay. Alright. But it it was borderline. I mean, it was really close, so they they didn't miss that by much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

No cherry on top,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

which would have just really added to the whole overall

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

feel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

For dinner,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:02]

I had a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

chicken salad sandwich,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

which was not great. That's a bold move to walk into a restaurant and get a chicken salad sandwich.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

It was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

But I wasn't feeling anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:14]

real heavy. Chicken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

salad isn't heavy to you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

Well, like, compared to a greasy cheeseburger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

Dude, everything's swimming in mayo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

Sure. But there's, like, grapes and things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

Oh my word. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

Alright. Well, anyways, not good. Wouldn't recommend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

Waffle fries were good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

because you gotta go waffle fries, which also sounds a little heavy now that I'm saying it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

But the their claim to fame apparently, and I did not try this, is their pies. They have this pie guy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

So, apparently, pie is their thing. They also have what they call a pie taco,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:53]

which missus Kollmeyer ordered one of, and it's basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

this pie thing shaped like a taco.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

Fascinating. Pie crust as the taco shell. So I think I could get behind that. Although, don't you call that a turnover?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

No. It was it was literally shaped like a taco.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

Still sounds like a turnover to me. Was it sealed at the top or was it open on the top?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

It was open on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

Okay. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

who knows, man? It's that's clever, creative. It also seems like it's an accident waiting to happen. I imagine that Yeah. Missus Kolmeier ate it holding it like a taco.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

Correct. I mean and it was small. I think that missus Kolmeier would rather had a slice of pie, but, you know, pie tacos are gimmicky and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

I don't know about cool, but they're definitely gimmicky. I'll give you that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

Well, hopefully, the pie is somewhat cool. I think she got a French silk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

flavored one. So Oh, fascinating. So it wasn't even a fruit pie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

Correct. Did they do fruit? They did have fruit pie tacos. See, that's that's when I think of a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

a taco pie I got this just sounds weird. When I think of that, when you when you said that, I was imagining a fruit pie, and when I said it was messy, like, that's to me, there's, like, you know, fruit filling going all over the place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

Yeah. Not this one. Here's the other thing too. Back sometime. I'd I'd like to understand. So pie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

is properly served a fruit pie. And, I I realized you said she got French silk?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

Yep. Okay. So this doesn't apply to French silk pie, but a fruit pie would be properly served a la mode, you know, with a nice scoop of ice cream on the side. And I don't know how you would do that with a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

pie taco or taco pie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

I think at that point, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

taco pie or pie taco would

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

surface the garnish for the ice cream rather than putting ice cream on top of it or anything like that. Mhmm. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

to me, this is just messy with something that was good to begin with. It didn't need to be improved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

Could be. I did not taste it, so I have no comment. So this milkshake overall, like, how would we stand this up against some of the other ones that you've had in the past?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:08]

So the best one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

was also in this old fashioned style

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

that I had down in Nashville when I was there. And I think I'm actually going to Nashville later this year, so there may be a repeat of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

I think overall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

maybe top five. I mean, it's been long enough now. We've been doing this for almost a year

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

that it's all convoluted. I'll have to go back and look and see what milkshakes I had and get my memory refreshed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

Almost a year of milkshakes, not a full year of milkshakes because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

it's only the fifty third episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:44]

And, like, the milkshakes didn't show up till episode five or something like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Alright. Yeah. It was totally totally by accident. But well, that's good to know. I I still have not had a milkshake in a while, John. And Yeah. I I will need to I'll need to track that down, man. I I don't even know where to go other than a repeat offender.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:03]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

You gotta travel. You shoulda had one in Michigan when you were there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

Yeah. Okay. So here's the thing. A milkshake is typically more expensive than just a scoop of ice cream. Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

Correct. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

Which makes sense because there's extra ingredients. Yeah. There there is. Like, I'm not I'm not disputing that, but I told you about the milk and honey place you went to. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

Yep. Yeah. So milk and money cost me, like, $6 for a single scoop. I I'm pretty sure I'd have to take out a loan to get a a milkshake there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:36]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

that was milkshake number one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

Milkshake number two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:42]

is nothing special.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

It was from Oscar's frozen custard, so custard based milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

which is two blocks away from my parents' house in West Dallas, Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

Went with the chocolate banana custard, so the flavor was actually really good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

mixed well and slurpable,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

which was surprising.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

No whipped cream on top,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

and their overall

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

mixing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

alright, I guess. I had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

basically banana hot spots,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

and then there was certain,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

chocolate portions around the plastic cup that it was served into. I feel like unless the banana is properly liquefied before it's mixed, you're gonna have hot spots. There's just no way around it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

Yeah. Banana feels to me like it's it's better as a, like a like a blizzard, right, than a milkshake ingredient.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

Unless you're a Five Guys. Chocolate peanut butter banana shake, man. Yeah. But isn't the the banana liquefied there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

I believe it is. Yeah. I think it's like a banana syrup, basically, which is fine. I'm not I'm not judging that at all, but I'm just saying, like, that provides the opportunity for consistency and for that banana flavor to incorporate into the whole milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

Yep. I could see it. Anyways,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

that one not the greatest. Their cheese curds were really good, though. I I wanna I wanna just ask one last question. So you are, it would appear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

firmly in the camp that you can make a milkshake without ice cream,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

that you can make a milkshake with custard. Is that correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:12]

I believe so, Sam. Okay. That's interesting. I lived in Milwaukee too long, so custard is it's kinda like a supply and demand thing. Custard, there's lots of supply.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

I am not entirely sold on the notion that you can make a milkshake with custard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

but we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

we'll leave that discussion for another day, John, because we got a lot to cover. Have I mentioned that? Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

Sounds good. You're up next. Looks like the router woes continue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

Well, no. No. They haven't. That's that's the news. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

you remember I I I spent an arm and a leg to get the Netgear Orbi, and my first sign of trouble was the Sonos not connecting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

Or it was connecting, but they would drop off. And I had some other issues, like, just hopping between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

units. Right? Because it's a mesh network. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

And I quickly determined that when it worked, it was fantastic. It was lightning fast. But when it didn't, it was really frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

So I sent that thing back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

And then I went back to using my Asus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

Reposition the antennas, which we talked about. Yep. Yep. And that that improved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

like, overall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

connectivity. Right? So things didn't drop. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

it's it still wasn't as great. And I the thing that I noticed is the router struggled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

as I got more devices on and I was leveraging them. So as soon as the TV would go or, you know, Lucy would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

be playing Carcassonne on her iPad, whatever. Like, then I started to see things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

get impacted. So I went back to the drawing board, decided that I was gonna look at options.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

I have been gravitating towards TP Link as a potential router brand,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

And I have never touched TP Link before in my life, so this is gonna be a new turf. But every review I read was great. It was fantastic. Yeah. The UI also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

looked good. And I couldn't say that for the Netgear web UI. I couldn't say that for the Asus web UI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

Right. Linksys also doesn't really have a great web UI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

And it got me thinking maybe they, like, care about their products. Right? Well, Right. You know, I I was checking out Wirecutter, which is some place I go a lot for this kind of insight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

And they actually had a TP Link as their second rated recommendations, their number two spot. Their first, I think, was the Netgear Nighthawk. But I'm done with Netgear, right, because that experience hasn't been great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

Right. So then I found there was, like, Interesting. Place, online called Tom's that did router reviews, and he was raving about some of the TP Link stuff. So I just So not the true company. What's that? No. No. No. Not the company. It's just like this older router review site. They don't really keep up to date anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

But for a while, he was just reviewing networking gear all the time. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

so there are a couple of things about this router that were appealing though. One was it it actually advertised that it had a wider range to this additional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

I don't know what they call that, like, you know, Wi Fi boost or whatever power boost technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

And that's, like, that's part of my issue. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

They they also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

kinda touted their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

the fact that, at least with the one I picked, they had, you know, three different bands. So they had two different dedicated five gigahertz bands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

And I thought maybe that would help. Right? You know? And then it had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

some special technology that would route a device to the particular network that had the most, like, I guess, free bandwidth and the best signal strength. So all these things seemed like the kind of thing I needed. And then lo and behold, Wirecutter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

adds a little blurb to the top of their router review that's like, you know, this is our new favorite. We'll update the review soon to reflect it. And I was like, you know what? What the heck? I'll just I'll go out and buy it. And so I bought this TP Link. I probably should know. It's the a c 20.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

I tell you, man, routers have really awful naming schemes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

But it's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

so far, it has worked fantastically. Setup could not have possibly been easier. The web interface is spectacular. It is actually really, really fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

The mobile app has been fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

And, because I was, like, feeling really good about this purchase, I went ahead and actually set up OpenVPN

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

on it, and then got that set up on my iPhone, on my iPad, my laptop. And so now, I can actually connect to the home network when I am out and about doing other things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

Nice. Yeah. I'm pretty pleased. Like, all in all, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

at least thus far, this has been a a pretty great, you know, purchase, and I'm really pleased with the TP Link product.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

Nice. And your video looks crystal clear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

despite my Internet today. So Yeah. Somebody needs a new router over there in Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

Maybe you should send me your old one because that's probably a step up from what I'm running. It probably is. But I I I tell you, I do think that this old router,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

has just run hot for a very long time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

and that's also part of the problem. So I don't think it was a bad router. Don't think it ever was a bad router. I think it's been working hard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

and, you know, equipment gets hot, and it it wears out. It's just that simple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

Well, good. Hopefully, this is the end of your networking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

woes for at least three years. Man, I hope so. So while I was, though, at home messing around with my router and my VPN and just having a good old time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

You, my friend, were cruising the Midwest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

I was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:43]

couple weeks ago, missus Kollmeyer was talking with a friend at church,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

found out that they were national park people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

so they like to go visit different national parks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

So missus Kollmeyer decided that we were Frank Lloyd Wright and theater people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

because it's usually kind of our events that we go do. We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

visited Taliesin West on our honeymoon in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

Phoenix area.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

We usually go to a couple shows at the community theater here. When we were dating, I took her to see a show of Les Miserables in Milwaukee.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

So yeah. So, apparently, we're Frank Lloyd Wright theater people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:25]

So I planned a trip around this so that missus Colmire could get a vacation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

couldn't really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

swing a full week off this summer because work has been crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

So we extended the fourth of July weekend, and we headed up towards Spring Green, Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

We actually stayed in Middleton, which is where the Hubbard Avenue diner is. So about thirty five, forty minute drive from Spring Green.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

So, yeah, Friday was really our Frank Lloyd Wright and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:56]

theater day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

So we started off at 09:30

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:01]

touring Taliesin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

which was Frank Lloyd Wright's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

estate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

in Spring Green, Wisconsin. He would usually spend the summers up in Spring Green and then winter at Taliesin West

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:15]

Phoenix area.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

There's currently a school that he really started when he was bringing on apprentices and things like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:22]

that rotates between those two locations. So there were actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

masters of architecture students that we saw working in the drafting studio when we were touring the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

Hillside

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

homeschool,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

which is now used as the master school area.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

But, yeah, it was a four hour

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

tour of the estate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

covering the Hillside

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

Studio

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

and studio

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:50]

theater and homeschool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:52]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:55]

farm and his aunt's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

residence that he built for them because they ran the initial Hillside Homeschool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

The tally has in residence, the actual house,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

and there's a Romeo and Juliet windmill tower that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

we also saw that was featured on tour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

So is this a trip you would recommend to the average Joe?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

I mean, I'm really interested in architecture

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

and things like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

So I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

I don't know that you have to do the full four hour tour. Maybe pick what interests you the most or what fits into your schedule there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

We actually stopped and did the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

homeschool and theater tour last year, because we were randomly driving past.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:42]

So we got a little repeat there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

The tour guides are excellent. Our tour guide had been there for fifteen years

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

and had been doing tours this whole time, and Cheetah was just this wealth of information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:56]

So that was really cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

Good deal. Good deal. I think that's the kind of trip that I would enjoy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

I can't imagine it would be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

interesting for my kids, though. I don't know. What do you think of that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

Yeah. I mean, he really kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

the whole point is Wright's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

philosophy on architecture,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

which is basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

natural sort of flow from environment and the people and things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

So there are places in the Italian residence where glass meets stone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

and the stone was taken from a quarry across the street.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

The oak used around different windows and floors and stuff like that is from trees that were built there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:39]

So it was really this kinda seamless experience that he was going for, especially with Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

But you see that in some of his other residents as well, including falling water, which you never made it out to, didn't you say? No. I I never did. That was actually a it was a misfire. Sarah and I both acknowledge it was a misfire with our time in Pennsylvania.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

Well, maybe the coalmires will make it out there one day, and we can convince them to go with us. Just give me a heads up before you do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:06]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

So, yeah, I enjoyed it. Missus Kollmeyer enjoyed it. If you're Facebook friends with me, you can see a bunch of the pictures that I took to kinda get Frank Lloyd Wright's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

kind of a weird sense of architecture. I mean, it's he broke the mold from basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

these box designs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

and just kinda plays on different elements there and wants you to experience the environment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

rather than be utilitarian about it. And I think you and I talked about this privately, but have you been out to Usonia?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:40]

So the Usonian homes were,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:44]

basically his theory

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:47]

affordable middle class homes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

that bring in some of these characteristics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

Yeah. Affordability being a very loose term.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

I that's also in Wisconsin. Is that anywhere near Taliesin? It's it's relatively close, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

So I don't think there's an actual Usonia, is there? Yeah. Yeah. Style of home. No. There's, a subdivision. There's a whole subdivision, and they're a bunch of historic buildings. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

That I do not know. Yep. Oh, there's a Usonia Historic District,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

says Wikipedia.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

Yep. And so there's a a number of homes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

that were all created in, this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

he wouldn't call it a It's in New York. Subdivision. Oh, is it New York? Okay. Then maybe I'm totally off. For some reason, I thought it was in Wisconsin, but this makes more sense now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

anyhoo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

I when I think of Taliesin, I also think of Esonia.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

I interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

Frank Lloyd Wright had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

I don't know if it was an office or drafting place or what you would call it, but it was in Oak Park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

And when I lived physically in Oak Park, I actually never made it out there either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Yeah. So he lived in Oak Park before he permanently moved out to his mother's family estate, which is where Taliesin lies now. Gotcha. Gotcha. And that home, if I remember right, is is really in the, like, heart of Oak Park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

I think the thing is it I never

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

when when I was living there, it was it never seemed to be open for tours when I was, like, actually available to do that. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

you know Got it. Lo and behold, Frank Lloyd Wright's interesting. I grew up in the greater Chicago land area. There was a Frank Lloyd Wright home in my hometown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

It was not uncommon to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

you know, kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

get around the greater Chicago land area and see if not work that he had contributed to, work that his apprentices had, or was just inspired by him. So interesting guy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

Very full of himself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

Probably not the greatest guy ever. On

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

our tour in Taliesin West, our tour guide told us the story. He had to appear in court for some reason or another.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

And he gets up. He

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

gets

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

he he takes the oath.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:02]

The judge says, please state your name and occupation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

He says, my name is Frank Lloyd Wright, and I am the greatest architect in the world.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

His wife stands up and goes, Frank.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

Then he turns around and says, honey, I'm under oath.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

if if you've ever listened to 99% Invisible, they've got the Eustonian the Beautiful episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

Yep. Which talks a lot about Frank Lloyd Wright, the Estonian homes. And there are some clips in there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

of Wright, and you get a real taste of his personality, the cockiness, the attitude. Yep. Fascinating guy. I think you're right. Probably not somebody I'd wanna go to the bar with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:41]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:43]

What's also cool, and I saw this today, is that over the weekend on Sunday, I believe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

there were eight Frank Lloyd Wright sites

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:51]

that were added to the UNESCO World Heritage list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:56]

So that is a pretty big deal. I mean, you got, like, the pyramids and things like that on there. Yeah. Wow. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

that was a cool piece of information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

So Taliesin is one of those sites. Taliesin West is another.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

Good deal. Good deal. Someday, John. Someday, I'll check that out. Have you been to Taliesin West?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:16]

Yeah. We did that on our honeymoon in Arizona. Okay. Alright. Good deal. Really what kicked off the Frank Lloyd Wright love.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

We also saw the Monona Terrace, which he designed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

which is in Madison and basically opens up the city and the capital building to the Monona Lake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:35]

It's not as interesting as the Taliesin Estate was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

but it also didn't cost me anything to go there. I think a lot of the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

University of Wisconsin students like to go hang out there when school's in session. Interesting. Got a beautiful view of the lake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

So it's probably a good thing you went in the summer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

Alright. Good deal. Well, I am glad that you took missus Kolmeier on a vacation. I have been encouraging you to do that. I will take a 100% credit for the fact that you took time off work to spend with your wife even if I had nothing just the planning of it. One Friday. So I don't know how much it counts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

Well, you had Thursday off too, though, didn't you? I did. Yes. That was a holiday. So that I so I'll take it. I'll take it, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

Friday night,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

we went to American Players Theater to see their

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

show of Macbeth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

And American Players Theater, for those of you who don't know anything about it, it's a professional theater company they bring in during the summer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

The Hillside

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

Theater is outdoors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

So we had an 08:00 showing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

of Macbeth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

It's about half a mile hike up the hill to this theater,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

and it's just this really cool theater outdoor place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:50]

The actors were phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

Of course, I'm used to community theater, and these were professional actors. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

I'm sure that helped, but everything about that was awesome. If you can make it to American Players Theater, you should do that too, especially to see a Shakespeare show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

Good deal. Good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

It's time to change topics. What do you think? Macs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

Apple? Macs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

IPhone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

So You're moving things around as we talk. I am. I am. I'm prioritizing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

This is called a bubble sort. You should read about it. So I think the last time we talked, or maybe it was the time before, I had hinted that I had installed the Catalina beta on my Mac. Yep. And I I noted that it was pretty rough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

So I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

very happy when the next Catalina beta came out. And I I just I wanna report to everyone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

Catalina beta two, public beta two is a much more stable version of this operating system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:47]

Still not perfect. A lot of things still don't work. But in terms of the number of things that don't work, the list has shrunk dramatically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

Some of the apps that just straight up wouldn't open before are now opening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

we we there have been improvements.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

Nice. So for those playing at home who aren't Mac or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

software people, Catalina is the next version of the Mac operating system,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

which I think the final release is due out this fall. Correct? Yeah. Usually, it's this fall, and I don't generally recommend doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

betas of operating systems.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

I highly recommend that you do not install

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

a beta of a operating system unless you're prepared

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:30]

to troubleshoot things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

Yeah. It's it's a bit it's a bit rough. Right? Like, there's there's definitely some kinks in it. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

in for some weird reason, enjoy this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

have embraced it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

I I will admit, though, the last, I think, two Mac OS releases I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

decided not to do. And the release before that, I actually done a separate partition so that I could still get into my main,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

working operating system. So this was a bold move on my part. I'm not sure that I will do it quite like this again, but I I I'm just here to report the Catalina beta two public beta two, rather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

is vastly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

improved over the first public beta. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

Alright. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Remind me, what iPhone do you have?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

I have the iPhone eight. Okay. There is not three d touch on the iPhone eight, is there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

I believe so. Like, when it pops up on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

Yeah. Yeah. Like, you can push deeper into things. Yeah. There is Push and then Yeah. There's, like Yep. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

So this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

is interesting. If I recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

the 10 r did not have three d touch, and it was kind of an interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

angle to it. The 10 s

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

and the 10 s max

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

did have three d touch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

but there's been this rumor floating around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

that three d touch is going away. And I guess today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

there was some additional news that three d touch is no longer gonna be a thing. And I'm just curious,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

do you actually use three d touch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

No. Not generally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

Have have you ever wondered if your if the limited three d touch interactions that there are because quite frankly, there just are not a lot. And I think that's probably what's driving this. I'll come back to that in a minute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

Do you think most of those would just be handled with a long press?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Probably. Yeah. I think that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

that is the conclusion that Apple has reached to, and my guess is the extra

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

physical equipment necessary to do three d touch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

just is not worth the return. Like, they're not getting enough out of the user interface. It's kind of an egg on the face moment though because they made a big deal out of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

the three d touch in I guess it was the iPhone seven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

Right. That that that that came out and that was a that was a thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

So I bet my father-in-law still uses three d touch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Yeah. Your father-in-law uses all the quick computers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

Yeah. And, I mean, this kind of going back to when I read creative selection about Apple's design process,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

we talked about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:10]

four episodes ago or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

This is kinda like a core value of Apple's is to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:17]

simplify things. Like, does the user need three d touch and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

more hidden menus that's not overly intuitive that they're there? Like, there's nothing saying, hey. Press here really hard, and things will pop up. Yep. It's not a discoverable feature, and I think sometimes it it even catches people off guard. Interestingly, was listening to an episode of Daring Fireball with, John Gruber this past week that was analyzing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

Johnny Ives departure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

and they talked about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

the Probably better than ours. Hey. No. I don't know about that. I mean, I don't listen to every episode of John Gruber for reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

But but anyhow, I digress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

There there was a statement though that struck me that that when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

the what was it? The iOS seven revolution occurred,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

it was beautiful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

but there were things that were just not easy to do. Right? Like buttons Yeah. Lost their edges and things of that nature. And I got to thinking when I read this news about the three d touch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

possibly going away that that that's maybe that was a Joni Ive or Johnny Ive. I don't know how you're supposed to say his name. Johnny Ive artifact as well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

wherein

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

it was neat, it was cool,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

but it wasn't discoverable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

And because it wasn't discoverable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

you know, it just people weren't getting their mileage out of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

It could be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

Yeah. It would be interesting to be a fly on the wall in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

lots of different Apple rooms throughout their history.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

Yep. And I think we're gonna see more change happening to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

Apple and their lineup, and I think a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

user feedback driven. Right? Like, we're seeing that with the Mac Pro. I think this three d touch thing is possibly related.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

today was a day of goodbyes for Apple. Did you catch all the news? I did not see that today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

You did not see the goodbye news?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

I did not. Okay. Alright. This is this is a big deal. So I think a while back, we talked about Apple taking a more aggressive stance in updating their laptops, and they did updates their laptops again today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

But I think what was the most interesting thing to me is the 12 inch MacBook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

is now gone. There no longer exists in the lineup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

And the MacBook Escape, the one without the touch bar, has also gone from the lineup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

the there's now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

they they did updates to the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

MacBook Air, and they did updates to, I believe, the 13 inch series. I don't think they did anything to the 15 inch. They also got rid of the $999

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

MacBook Air unless you go through the education system from what I could see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

Well, there hasn't been a $9.99 MacBook Air in a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

So you're talking about the old gen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

Yeah. Okay. That might have that might have this might have been the end of that too. But they did lower the price of the new MacBook Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

Okay. So it's not $99.09 99. I believe it's $11.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

or $10.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

Something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

I get it. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

Apple makes premium devices. It's just that simple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

yes, you could get a comparable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

piece of hardware with a different company, but it's not gonna run macOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

And that's that's part of what you're buying. Like, quite frankly, you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

you're not buying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

operating system upgrades over the life of the computer. They're being subsidized at the front when you buy this computer. And and that's just it is what it is. So you know? But the 12 inch MacBook was a really expensive piece of hardware when it came out. It actually reminded me of the initial MacBook Air way way back in the day, the one that came in the envelope on stage. Do you remember that? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

Yeah. So Steve Jobs had this envelope, this Manila envelope on stage the whole time, and then, obviously, he just pulls out this MacBook Air that had been in there and caught everybody by surprise. But the thing was outrageously expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

The MacBook 12 inch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

though, introduced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

this, like, form factor or the style of form factor that we're in right now. It also introduced USB c to the lineup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

And so in many respects, I think it was a it was a prototype, a foretaste of the feast of the come, if you will, in what Apple's done with their,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

MacBook lineup. And so I think it's interesting that it's now, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

going away. It was always an underpowered computer. It was never intended, I think, for any serious computer work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

yeah. I mean, it's interesting that that Apple is trimming the fat there too. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

Historically, they've Good business move. Man, I mean, yeah, possibly. Right? Like, I think this is one of the criticisms of Apple as of late, though. They've kept products around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

longer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

than maybe made sense, or they've had too much variance in their product lineup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

Right? So the MacBook the MacBook Pro Escape, the MacBook Pro with with the Touch Bar, the MacBook Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

I think these kinda nips and tucks today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

make the lineup a lot more clear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

And Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

I think there's been a lot of debate on whether or not the Touch Bar holds value. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

Right. We talked a little bit about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

Apple drew a line in the sand today. Right? Like, you can no longer get a MacBook without a Touch Bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

Yep. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

they're not going away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

I am encouraged by that because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

to me, the touch bar is all about Apple's investment in the ARM processor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

and I think that that is a good thing for them to be spending money on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:48]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

How often do you use your touch bar?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

Very infrequently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

So, I mean, I like, I use it as much as I use my top row on my physical keyboard. Right? I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

any serious custom features on it. The one thing that I would like to use it for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

is, like, password auto filling, and it's just that nobody supports that yet. So Right. Maybe that'll come in the future.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

I I use it for emoji picking. That's something I use it quite a bit. I don't think we talked about that on our previous I don't think I've ever done that. Really? Oh, all the time. Yeah. I I basically use the utilities. So if I'm playing music, I'll use the play controls,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:31]

volume, stuff like that. I answered your call, your FaceTime call when you called me before,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:36]

we started with the touch bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

So things like that. There there is a convenience to it if you are not actively engaged with your laptop and a button like the insert call

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

button pops up. Like, there's just some clarity there. And I think that that type of usability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

is is really helpful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

I just don't think that developers, including Apple itself, have exploited that to the potential that they could. And I you know, it's one of those things. It's gonna take time, but I think it's just gonna improve.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:09]

Do you have any idea how they handle access

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:12]

accessibility

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:13]

around this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

Around the touch bar, I don't. That's actually a great question because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

would imagine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

I mean, there's nothing tactile about it. Right? First of all. Right. And so if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

if you have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

vision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

accessibility issue. I don't I don't know that there's any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

value

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

in that touchpad. That's a really great question too because in some respects, that then also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

gets rid of a set of functionality of your computer, like, from being available to you. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

That's some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

we need to do some research on that, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

Alright. Add it to the episode idea list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

all in all, like, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

in some respects, could view today as a spec bump for Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

I see it as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

a day of clarity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

housekeeping,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

if you will. And and also just, again, like, reinvigorating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

their commitment to what I think is a really great and really important set of products on on their,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

on their their platform.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:24]

Alright. So not playing to buy a new computer, are you? Oof. Okay. It's funny you asked that. So no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

The the thing though that might make me when the time comes first of all, I this laptop's like, what, a year old now? A year old. Yeah. I mean, our first episodes, we're talking about our new MacBooks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

I'm and we're not at a year of episodes yet. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

But Couple weeks, man. I love this laptop. I don't have any issues with it. What will fascinate me is if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

does in fact embrace a different keyboard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

because I suspect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

that my keyboard, just based upon my previous experience with my personal or excuse me, with my work computer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

eventually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

I'll have issues with this keyboard. Just seems inevitable. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

but I I like, this this computer works great. I I love it. I'm I'm still tickled pink. This is the best laptop purchase I've made in a very long time. Happy all around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

You know? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:26]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

We've talked milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

We've talked Max.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:31]

Next up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

Marvel. You know, John, if it were a year, this would be a great one year episode, But it's not a year. It's not a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

July,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

new Marvel movie, not released by Disney, released by Sony. This is part of their interesting arrangement

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

where Marvel Studios is making movies for Sony, because Sony has the licensing to Spider Man. This is how Disney was able to get Spider Man into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

first, Civil War, and then later,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

the two Avengers movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

Tom Holland as Spider Man is a very different Spider Man than we saw in the past from Sony.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

Very different than, like, the Tobey Maguire Spider Man. And I don't even know what the guy's name was, The Amazing Spider Man. That movie was so bad. Don't really think about it. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

you saw Homecoming. Right? I saw Homecoming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

Alright. Did you like Homecoming?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:27]

I did. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:29]

Because I really like him as a Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:32]

I do too. It seems seems more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:35]

genuine to the character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

There's there's a juvenile aspect to him that I really appreciate that I think has been lacking in previous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

renditions of Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

I also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

loved the tie in with the first Avengers movie, and I liked Michael Keaton

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

as,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

the bad guy. Like, I thought he did a really awesome job. I happen to like Michael Keaton. A lot of people out there don't, but, you know, I I could watch Beetlejuice all day, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:04]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:05]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:06]

so you saw this before I did. You and Patrick saw it the same day or close to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:11]

and you came back with these raving reviews

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

talking about how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:16]

it's in the top five Marvel movies ever or close to. I think you Don't think I said five. Sixth. Yeah. It was six. It was six. So granted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

I'm coming off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

a hype, right, when I numbered it, but I I still feel pretty confident about that number.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:33]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:34]

Yeah. I should pull up your list again. Yeah. So What's your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

top five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:39]

Top five. Okay. So my top five is Avengers Infinity Wars, Avengers Endgame,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

Civil War, Iron Man one, Ragnarok, and then, yes, I put Spider Man Far From Home there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:51]

right above Guardians of the Galaxy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:54]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:55]

So so here's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

had really low expectations, first of all, for this movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:02]

So maybe that's what you ruined this for me. Gave me high expectations before I went in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:07]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

so so Sony, as our friend Patrick has pointed out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

many a time, is notorious for ruining movies with their trailers. So I figured everything had been spoiled. Right? Yep. And my biggest issue going into this was Mysterious supposed to be the bad guy. Oh, wait. Wait. Hey. Hold on. First of if you've made it this far and you haven't seen the movie and you care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

we're about we're about to do spoilers. So spoiler alert.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:32]

Turn off the episode. Didn't listen to the some of those episodes when we went on the big Marvel streak,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:37]

leading up to endgame because she doesn't care.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

Oh. Didn't even listen to her own eldest son.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

House. She was talking about superhero movies. Okay. Alright. That sounds like an issue for a different episode. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

I had low expectations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:53]

I also thought like, for me, Endgame brought a certain finality to it. Right? Like, the close of phase three, was like, you know what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

This has been a heck of a ride, but maybe this is the end, you know? And and Yep. So I wasn't, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

itching to go see this. It was actually a matter of convenience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:10]

My my nephew's in town. Hey, Simon. And apparently, he listens to this podcast when he falls asleep at night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

I think that's a compliment. Yeah. I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

But he wanna go see it, and I was, you know, like, I knew I would see it eventually, so I went for it. But it was not like Endgame where I bought tickets, you know, months in advance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

But here's the thing. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

this movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

I felt,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:38]

had awesome character development, had a great bridge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

from Endgame,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

but did not depend upon Endgame. And the thing that I was the most worried about was how much time we would spend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:50]

analyzing Tony Stark's death.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

And I I actually thought that they did just enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:57]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:57]

it was perfect. Like, I I was really satisfied

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

with the way that they interwove that into the story without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

making everything rest upon the fact that he died in Endgame.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:09]

Right. Yeah. They they really moved the ball forward in how they brought him in, I think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:15]

So that was good to see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:19]

I agree. There was good character development.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:22]

Marvel movies are only as good as their villain. I thought the villain was excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:26]

Yes. And I just sets up for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

like, I could see that being a big storyline too. So I am not a Gyllenhaal fan. Right? Like, he's he's just not my guy. I thought he did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:39]

absolutely fantastic in this. I thought he played the, like, empathetic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

superhero

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

trying to, like, make

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:47]

Spider Man feel good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:50]

unbelievably well, and then he took evil to a whole other level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:54]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

I thoroughly enjoyed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

the flashback scenes connecting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

you know, all of his cronies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:01]

Right. I thought that was very tastefully done. And here's the thing. I I kept thinking, when I was watching these trailers, I'm like, how in the world

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:09]

are they gonna make Mysterio a bad guy? They surely, they're not gonna make him a good guy. Although, they kinda did that with the Skrulls, so maybe maybe they're gonna do that. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

to use barf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

the the AI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:24]

like, visualizing thing from Civil War

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:27]

as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

Mysterio's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:29]

power,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:30]

I thought was ingenious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

It was Yep. It was brilliant. And so so barf is one of those things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:37]

that seemed awesome in Civil War.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

But then when you get to the end of this the movie, right, you're like, okay, why why was that in there in the first place?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:45]

Like, it it actually seems out of place in Civil War in hindsight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:50]

So they finally capitalized on it. Like, they they made something of it. And I thought that was exceptionally well done, very tasteful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

I think that's what made it bump so high up on the list. I think maybe it was Patrick said this too. This was a very comic book like movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

more so than the other MCU movies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:09]

especially more so than the ones we've had most recently. Right? Like and I and I'm thinking Right. Infinity Wars, Endgame, Ragnarok, Black Panther,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:17]

Captain Marvel, like, are they're not comic booky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

in the way that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

Far From Home was. And and I like that. I really liked that kinda like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:28]

not. It was a nerd movie, man. Like, this was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

a nerd movie in the same way that I thought some of the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

nods in Captain Marvel were. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:41]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:42]

Spider man is really great with that, bringing in the humor, especially as he's spider man and just kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:49]

side talking to whoever he's fighting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:52]

things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:53]

In this movie, I thought that Tom Holland's performance felt kinda flat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:58]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:00]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:01]

probably mostly on the Peter Parker side of things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:05]

with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:06]

high school teenage drama, which was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:09]

cliche, but relatively well done, and how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:13]

they did it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:15]

But, yeah, I just like his performance

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:18]

coming off of, especially, infinity war,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:21]

just the the emotion wasn't there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:23]

that I was looking for. I think that's a fair criticism. I'm not a 100% there. I do think some of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:29]

high school drama, maybe they did just a wee bit too much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:33]

for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:35]

I don't know how I feel about MJ guessing that he was Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:40]

Right. That felt like a little bit of a jump.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:43]

I here's here's one thing that did stand out to me. Samuel l Jackson in this movie is nasty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:49]

Like, Nick Fury is not a nice dude in this movie at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:53]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:54]

you are left not liking him at every turn. Right? You're and I think you're even left not really liking Maria Hill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:02]

And that's a that's a big change for both of those characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:05]

And I I wasn't really crazy about that. I I really I don't know. I could've done without that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:11]

But then it all makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:14]

It does. Yeah. At the end. Postgressee. We'll get there in just a minute. I got one other one other, like, b for concern.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:21]

I am afraid that they exhausted their use of the elementals

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:25]

in this movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

and that the elementals will not make a return as legit bad guys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:31]

I think that would be a shame. I get it though. I understand the elementals are always, like, it's a little they're a little over the top. Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:39]

It does remind me of one other thing that I thought was very clever. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

in Endgame, right, they mess with the timeline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:46]

and potentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:48]

like, fracture the timeline. Right? Right. That's at least the theory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:52]

However, you know, there's that whole discussion about it's not like what happens in Back to the Future. Back the Future. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:59]

There is in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:00]

Marvel, the multiverse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

Right? And Yep. And you you saw Spider Man into the Spider Verse. So there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:07]

that's, like, just point blank there. There is no acknowledgment in Endgame of the multiverse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:13]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:15]

This movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:17]

acknowledged it as a farce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:20]

Right. Which doesn't close the door to it, but also makes me think that they're not going to chase it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:26]

And I like, I don't know what's gonna happen next. And I actually kinda like that, but I thought they did a really clever job of, like, really making you think that this is gonna be a multiverse story and then pulling the plug on that. I that that I thought was exceptional writing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:43]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:45]

Yeah. Overall, good movie. Like I said, Marvel movies depend on their villain. Villain was excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:55]

But sixth ever? I I don't know. I think that will change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:59]

Maybe. Yeah. It very well could be. You know, I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:02]

this list has changed many a time. I finally put it on the blog so people can look at it, and I'm sure you'll add a link or whatever. Right, John? Sure. Boost our traffic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:13]

It's actually the other way around. You need to link to us more. Oh, okay. Well, I'll work on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:19]

So you referenced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:21]

the end credit scenes, and we had two of this. You wanna you wanna give the breakdown?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:27]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:28]

let's get them in the right order.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:32]

Why am I blanking on the first credit scene?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:36]

The first credit scene is the one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:38]

where we have the the Gyllenhaal video. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:43]

I don't know what that means.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:44]

So there's the video where Mysterio reveals that he's Peter Parker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:49]

Alright. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:50]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:52]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:53]

Mysterio pops up on the big giant screens like you would see in Times Square,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:59]

and talks about how Spider Man attacked him and was swinging it because Mysterio was set up as the hero,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:06]

kinda in the culture around him.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:09]

And then he basically throws Spider Man under the bus by lying about him and calls out that Spider Man is indeed Peter Parker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:20]

There was a a use of a quote from Spider

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:23]

Man where he orders the drones to execute themselves or whatever, execute the order to cancel something like that. And I thought the choice of the word execute

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:32]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:33]

out of place when he said it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:36]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:37]

It's less out of place if Mysterio planned him to say that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:41]

But I as like, when I heard that word, I thought, man, something doesn't feel right about this. And it it made sense in the post credit scene. So I was like, okay. Good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:52]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:53]

and actually, guess, was that technically a post credit scene or was that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:57]

That was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:59]

was a mid credit scene, wasn't it? Yeah. It was it was, like, near the end. Because then the next thing we had is the scrolls.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:05]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:06]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:07]

Talos. Fury

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:09]

Fury and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:11]

Maria Hill are driving around,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:15]

and then you find out that they aren't Fury and Maria Hill. They are in fact Skrulls.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:24]

And, basically, then it flashes to who I assume is the real Nick Fury because I don't know why it wouldn't be. And it looks like he's hanging out in Tahiti,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:32]

for you agents of shield fans. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:37]

yeah, he's hanging out on the beach,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:40]

and he's on vacation, which is odd for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:43]

Nick Fury.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:45]

Pan's out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:46]

He is on a spaceship.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:49]

Where? We don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:51]

Do we know whose spaceship it is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:54]

I think it is probably a Kree ship that has been That's okay. Acquired by the scroll. It could be the one from Captain Marvel. I mean, we've got, like, twenty years of time that's elapsed, so maybe it's a different ship. But I have this this hypothesis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:09]

that at some point, we're gonna see the Skrull and Kree battle again. Like, there there is a chapter of Captain Marvel kicking some Kree butt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:17]

that we have not seen yet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:19]

And I think that's kinda what this might be a teaser to. A lot of times, these postcard scenes tend to be clips from future movies, and that would be my guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:29]

Yep. I I could be wrong, you know. I'm I'm happy to get more Nick Fury. I'm happy to get more Skrulls. So I was glad to see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:35]

I should mention,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:37]

one thing that struck me with that first post credit scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:40]

where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:42]

Mysterio reveals Peter Parker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:44]

is that like, that's not in character with the comics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:48]

Just as much as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:50]

I am Iron Man at the first at the end of the first Iron Man was not in line with the comics. And I think that that could be a interesting parallel. Maybe I'm reading too much into it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:01]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:02]

I am really curious to see where they take that and what they do with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:07]

Yeah. I mean, it's interesting because we haven't really seen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:10]

Peter Parker, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:12]

photographer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:13]

who stages Spider Man pictures and submits some newspapers and stuff like that, and we didn't see any of that at all. Yeah. Although, we did get a tease of the Daily Bugle. We did. And that was awesome. And that was the guy who played

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:26]

what whatever his name is, the editor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:28]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:29]

the Tobey Maguire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:31]

Spider Man. Maybe he was in the Amazing Spider Man two. I don't know. I I I've saw that once and regretted it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:37]

But, I thought that was also a nice nerd nod. Right? Like, for those of us that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:43]

lived through and enjoyed the Tobey Maguire Spider Man, that was a that was a great kinda homage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:50]

Yeah. Absolutely. Definitely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:52]

some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:54]

Easter eggs there for the nerds among us. Yep. Yep. So anyhow, I put it at six. You disagree. That's fine, John. You can be wrong. I I still don't have an official list, so I don't know if I have room to disagree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:06]

You should you should take time, John. You should, sort through that list because I'd like to compare notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:11]

I my list All I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:13]

my list all I know is that Thor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:15]

definitely ends up higher on my list than on everybody else's. So Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:21]

Thor, if you note, is part of the italicized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:25]

movies on my list, which is the area that I had the least confidence in. So I put into that list,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:31]

I think, Captain Marvel, Ant Man, Doctor Strange, Spider Man Homecoming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:36]

Iron Man two, and Thor. All of which are great movies, all of which are movies that I would just go watch again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:43]

but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:45]

I still put Thor at the bottom of that list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:47]

You did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:49]

Even under Iron Man two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:51]

I don't know. I so Iron Man two is one I need to go and watch again because it's been a while. And, actually, out of everything I've seen, it might be the one I've seen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:59]

the longest ago of this list. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:02]

In fact, I've even seen Guardians of the Galaxy two more recent than I've seen Iron Man two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:07]

Man, which one did you we watched when you were here? Iron Man three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:11]

Okay. Yeah. Which is a terrible movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:15]

It's it's got There is some really great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:19]

stuff in there. Yeah. Kinda like Age of Ultron in there. Exactly. Exactly. Or it's like Guardians of the Galaxy two, which has arguably the best thirty opening minutes of any Marvel movie. But, you know, again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:33]

if thirty minutes of a two hour movie made it, then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:37]

Right. Like, there'd be a lot of great movies out there, but that's just not how it works.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:41]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:41]

Alright. I'll work on a list. I won't promise to have it by next week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:46]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:47]

I'll make a task.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:49]

Alright, John. Well, until next time when wait. Will we will episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:54]

that'll be 54. Will episode 54 be one year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:58]

I don't believe so. Oh my gosh. Okay. Alright. Well, we'll we'll have to just keep thinking about, what we're gonna do at the one year mark. I maybe it'll just be a boring short episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:08]

Episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:10]

55.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:12]

We could count as the one year mark. Alright. Well, let's see. Until next time, John. Oh. Have a good week, buddy. Alright. Later, man.
