---
title: Smoking Meat and Being Nerds
episode: 47
date: 2019-05-30T13:17:00.000Z
slug: smoking-meat-and-being-nerds/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast episode focuses on home maintenance and repair, with host John
  discussing various issues with his basement, including water damage and
  drainage problems. He shares his experiences and solutions to these issues,
  from using a shop vac to re-caulking the foundation of his house. The
  conversation also touches on John's personal life, including his upcoming
  birthday and his homeowner responsibilities.
keywords:
  - home maintenance
  - basement repairs
  - water damage
  - drainage issues
  - caulk gun
  - home repair
  - homeownership
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. So when this episode comes out, it will be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

Thursday because we always release on Thursdays. And this particular Thursday is important because it happens to be missus Lemon's birthday. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

I just wanted to say happy birthday, missus Lemon. And if you're listening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

thank you for listening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

Happy birthday, missus Lemon. She left us a review, so I'm sure she listens to every episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

Right. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

John, I'm curious. Do we have any new reviews this week? I I didn't hear you. You didn't text me or anything about There

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

weren't any last time I checked. I don't know that I checked today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

Oof. Alright. Well, that's disappointing. Hopefully, somebody out there will leave a review. I would like to think that the reason there are no reviews is everybody was busy relaxing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

on Memorial Day and kicking back hopefully in front of a grill. I'm curious, John, did you grill on Memorial Day? I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

we're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

horizons aren't looking good. Why didn't you grill, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:30]

I was dealing with water in my basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

Oof. Alright. We'll get to that in just a minute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

I have to confess, I did not grill either,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

but I smoked I thought you did grill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

I didn't grill on Memorial Day. Alright. Yeah. I I did grill on the Saturday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

I grilled some hot dogs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

for the family. But on Memorial Day, I christened my brand new meat smoker, and I smoked a pork butt, a Boston butt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

And I learned a lot, John. I learned a lot. Did you over smoke it? Is that even possible? I am not sure that's possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

I'm I'm not sure it's possible. But I did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

possibly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

exceed the number of messages that Aaron Fanker was able to receive in a given twenty four hour period. That's that's all I'll say to that. You don't pay a cell phone bill anymore, do you? No. I don't. No. So so here's the thing. There's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

you know, it's it's a long process. Right? So there's a lot of opportunity to panic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

and and just, like, let your mind wander to the worst.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

And that definitely happened to me on several occasions. You do this with everything else, Stan. Everything that you've never don't haven't done before. The first time you try anything, you're freaking out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

So so I projected ninety minutes per pound. K. And that would have come out to about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

seven hours with the the cut of meat that I was doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

Ten hours later,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

we were mostly done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

I grossly miscalculated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

somewhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

I learned that I probably didn't wrap it at the right time. I should have flipped the whole thing upside down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

All this to say that my guests my guests finally got to eat at 07:00, three hours later than I'd promised them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

And I think after waiting for three hours,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

no matter what I would have done, it would have tasted great. But they actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

complimented me on it, and I enjoyed it the following day. There is none left. So that I think That's a good sign. That speaks well. Yeah. So this begs the question, did you use a meat rub by finger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

I didn't. And I actually asked him if I should,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

and he told me that his meat rubs are specialized for beef. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

And I was doing pork. So he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

strongly encouraged me not to use it on the pork.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

He did give me a link to a recipe for a rub that turned out fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

If I can if I remember, I'll send you the link here, and we'll we can link to it on the site or whatever because it was it was really good. Was a Kansas City style,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

rub.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

And the recipe actually is for ribs, but I was able to use it for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

the, the pork butt and came out fantastic. So Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

Yeah. I'm gonna do it again. I probably not this weekend, although who knows? Anything's possible. It is highly likely that the following weekend, I will do it because I want to make some pork before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

my family goes on vacation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

to Traverse City, and then we'll have some good meat for the road.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

The picture of your smoker looked pretty awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

It's I I like it. It's red, you know, so it's got it's got some class to it. It's red and it's like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

professional smoker. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

you went about that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

All I'm saying would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

the banker would say that it's not legit because it's not using, like, raw coals. It's gas powered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

But it, it turned out well, and it did a real good job. So it was a pit boss is the brand that I bought. And it did a real good job of actually keeping the temperature regulated, which was my biggest concern. I was not crazy about the idea of having electric one. One, because I wanted an actual flame. I felt like that was important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

And two, I didn't really want that on my electric bill. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

I I don't know. I I I can't say that it's more efficient to do it with propane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

but in my mind it is, so that's what I'm going with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

And it just makes you feel like you're cooking outdoors more when you're using propane at least.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

Yeah. Something like that. Right? What kind of wood did you use to smoke?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

Oh, that's a good question. So I chose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

and pecan, and I mixed them. I was going for a sweet smoke,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

and I I'm pretty pleased with how that turned out. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

I know absolutely nothing about smoking besides the basics. I'm sure I could figure it out if I tried,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:05]

but the opportunity has not presented itself yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

So I did smoke on my grill, my actual gas grill prior You said you got some insert for your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

gas grill at some point. I had it on my wish list. I never actually bought it. So here's here's what I did. I I would remove the grates from one side, and I would actually take a foil tray filled with soaked chips and cover it with tinfoil and poke holes in it, and use that, which functionally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

is similar. I think the the problem is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

one, my grill

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

does not like, on the low end does not maintain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

a temperature as precisely as I wanted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

because there's a lot more air moving in and out of the grill. Right? It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

also I bought a grill that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

has a lot of BTUs. Like, it it can put out a lot of heat. So on the lower end of the spectrum, it does not allow me the control that I wanted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

and that was that was really challenging. So for me to keep it at two twenty five for, you know, ten hours would have been very difficult, would have been very hands on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

The smoker does a much better job of that. It's a much more contained cabinet

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

all around, you know, good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

Regarding the the wood flavor though, there's actually and I'll send you this link. We we can include this too. A buddy of mine sent me a link to this page on Charboil's website that actually, like, goes through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

all of the wood possibilities

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

and describes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

exactly what they do. So, like, apple has a very mild or has is very mild with a subtle sweet fruity flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

You know, like, that kind of stuff is helpful. And if if you go down, I think pecan is similar to or excuse me, stronger than most fruit wood, but milder than hickory and mesquite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

So, you know, I just picked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

two that were available in the store that I thought would turn out well, and they did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

Cool. Now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

can you smoke a grilled cheese sandwich?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

that is not even something I had considered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

accept your challenge, John Kollmeyer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

and I look forward to your next visit, so we'll try that. I I do think the question,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

remains though, at least from your perspective, if it was smoked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

would it be grilled? Because it seems like that would not meet the John Kollmeyer definition.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:24]

That is a good question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

Because this brings a whole new dimension into everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

It does. It does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:32]

Alright. I'm glad you had fun with your new toy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

Have you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

you and I are both Star Trek fans. Yes. Right? You more so than me, and perhaps missus Lemon more than both of us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

Really? Why? Hold up. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait a minute. Why would you say that? So I came out to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

Saxonburg when you were out in Pennsylvania.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

I think it was the surf and turf meal. It could have been the chicken tacos meal, but it was Aaron Finker, missus Lemon, you sitting around the table,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

and we debated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:08]

who the best villain of Star Trek was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

And missus Lemon got fairly into this conversation, if I remember correctly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:16]

Do you remember who she said the the best villain was or the greatest villain?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

So I know that she

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

agreed with me at some point about species eight four seven two, but I don't think that's who she said initially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:30]

I mean, you got the Borg.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

You got the Romulans.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

So I don't remember what you said. This was this was many minutes ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

You would not have said Khan. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

I did not say Khan. No. I I would have probably started there. I think the Borg think you probably did. Third contender.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

Yeah. I I would also I'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

probably include Q.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

Yeah. Is Q a villain?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

Well, that's that's the question. Right? And I think I think there's a strong argument for him being a villain. There's also a strong argument for him not being a villain. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

So we'll have to we'll have to noodle on that. I I also, though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

think the Dominion

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

Probably. So this was before I watched through Deep Space Nine when we originally had this discussion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

Now I have seen all of Deep Space Nine, and, yeah, the dominion are pretty awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

So missus Lemon, when I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

met her, when I when I found her at Concordia University When she found you. She had pity upon you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

So when when we got together, she had not she'd seen, like, Star Trek episodes, but had never seen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

the full gamut of a series. And so That's because that was, like At that time, only super nerds had.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

I don't know that that's true. This was before you would watch things from start to finish. Like, if there was nothing else on on a Thursday night on UPN, then sure. Start track.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

Or or sci fi channel. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

so I had I do you do you remember when Netflix used to send discs, John? I do. That's when I signed So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

Netflix had all of TNG, all of Deep Space Nine, all of Witcher, all of Enterprise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

on DVD.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

And so it was required watching with missus Lemon in our, you know, premarital period where we were engaged, but waiting for the big day just to make sure that she was truly ready for this life that she was about to embark on. So I made her watch all of the next generation and all of Deep Space Nine before we could get married. And I believe I believe I also made her watch every movie. Nice. Fair enough. That's a lot of television, John. That's a lot of television.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

You know, I still haven't seen Into Darkness. It's the only Star Trek movie that I've not seen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

That's so it's funny you mentioned this, that this is a good transition for the the next topic. That is my favorite of the original or the of the reboot three. Of the new timeline?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

Star Trek. The new timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

the new timeline is interesting because the thing I wanted to talk to you about was this new show, Picard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

and the new timeline is referenced. I don't know if you caught that. What? When you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So why don't you set this up? You you watched the trailer, right, for Picard? Yeah. So I found the Picard trailer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

I had no idea this was coming until I saw the trailer randomly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

I don't even know where I saw it. Twitter probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

so I watch it, and I'm like, what? Picard? Can there be a Picard without

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Patrick Stewart playing him? And I look, and it is Patrick Stewart.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

So then I look back to last fall, and I found, like, the initial release where he comes out on stage and talks about his return to being Picard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

but no longer a captain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

Not only is he playing Picard in this show, but I'm pretty sure that he's involved in the production of it. Right? Yeah. So he was talking about early on how they were just talking about storylines.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

They hadn't didn't have any scripts or whatever. They were just talking about different storylines, and it sounds like he was involved in those discussions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

I imagine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

if you're gonna do a card

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

show, he's probably has a producer role of some point port

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

of some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:24]

I don't even know what word I'm talking about. Continue on, Stan. I'm talking over myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

It says so I'm looking at Wikipedia, which, you know, is is the truth on the Internet. It says that he executive produces the series as well as starring in it. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

So that seems

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

he that seems to me like and I I feel like maybe it was on the TV Guide website. I read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

he was involved in the actual development of the story. So all this to say, this is one of the shows that CBS intends to release on their All Access subscription service.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

I am an all access subscriber for a number of months out of the year in order to watch football.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

I also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

have suffered through the last two seasons of Discovery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

So if it had not been for Patrick Stewart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

I would have zero hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

this show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

But the trailer looks cool. The trailer looks cool. I'm very interested

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

what the real focus of this show is gonna be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

We got this voice over basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

talking about the card saying fifteen years ago, you left us or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

So I wanna know if Federation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

has a new threat that it's trying to encounter and they have to call in the big guns again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

or if it's focusing on Picard's kind of fallout from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

the federation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

and stuff around there. So I'm really intrigued. And Patrick Stewart,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

gotta be pretty pretty good if Patrick Stewart's gonna be involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

Right. I agree with that. So here here's what I understand to be kind of the subtext. Right? He's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

he left Starfleet sometime after Nemesis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

And if you remember Nemesis, the hot spot was Romulus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

There's, like, a a pseudo clone of him. Nemesis is not a particularly great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

as far as Star Trek goes. It's not the worst,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

but it's not the best.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

Data dies. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

Data does die. And that I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

don't do it. You you all worked up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

I think if it weren't for that first Star Trek reboot movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

that would be the context that we have for the TV show. But there's an important detail that I've actually seen referenced in the material describing this new show that comes out of the first reboot movie. Have you caught this at all? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

Why does Leonard Nimoy's character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

come back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

in the timeline? Do you remember?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

I don't. It's been years since I've seen it. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

So so the whole the whole premise of this movie, right, the reason that what's what's his name? The the Romulan guy's name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

I'm drawing a blank now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

Have to come back and watch all Star Trek movies again. It's a while since I've seen this one. So the so the main Romulan character comes back in time. Right? And he's reacting to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

Leonard Nimoy's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

character, Spock, rather, trying to save the destruction of Romulus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

That's eventually how Leonard Nimoy comes back in time. Right? So he can see the destruction of Vulcan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

which is intended to be like a punch in the gut. But in the future,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

right, sometime post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

next generation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

Romulus is destroyed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

And the material that I've seen referenced in Picard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

actually references the destruction of Romulus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

as far as I can tell,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

it's still in the same timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

I I don't like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

you know, this is this is like the multiverse question. Right? Did the timeline fracture, or was it rewritten? Like, what happened?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

So I don't know exactly how this is gonna trickle trickle across So I saw something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

that this was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

taking place in the original timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

I think people have speculated that. I haven't seen anything from CBS that confirms that. But the reference to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

the destruction of Romulus, I'm pretty sure that I actually saw

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

in Did you watch the did you watch the poll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

steward event when they first announced this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:42]

I did not. What whatever the star trek thing? You should pull up that video because that might have been where I saw that it was taking place in the original timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

I think it is in the show's best interest to be in the main timeline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

Now Discovery is in the main timeline too. Right? Yeah. Well, technically, it happens

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

the original series. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

there's no fractured timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

It's weird though. I I don't know. Don't like, don't get me started. There's they mess with time travel and Discovery too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

It's it's one of those crutches that sci fi leverages when they they don't know what else to do. Right. I'm not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

Discovery has had some awesome written episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

This last season started so strong, and then I felt just really tanked out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

It it really disappointed me to the point that I am not even sure I'll mess with season three. I probably will wind up messing with season three just because that's what they do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

Now historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

the first couple seasons of Star Trek series are pretty awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

They yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

They are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

I think though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

so so keep in mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

traditionally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

Star Trek

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

has been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

episodic. Right? Right. So stand alone stories, pie episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

It wasn't until Deep Space Nine when they really did a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

more than two episode storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

And that is what Discovery is. It is one continuous story. Got it. And so I I felt like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

the for them to pull that off,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

they had to start off stronger. Plus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

the whole, like, being streaming only,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

driving CBS All Access, like, bar was set that they needed to come up swinging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

And I think I think after Deep Space Nine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

they know what works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

Right? Right. Deep Space Nine was such a pioneer in terms of TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

that that they should have been able to, like, know the recipe, if you will. But I I just think poor writing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

the some of the actors and actresses were were very clearly, you know, off the b list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

It is what it is. They they can still redeem it, but I don't I don't have strong hopes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

But before the end of the year, they say we'll have Picard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

and looks like high production value.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

It's really cool to see Picard working in his vineyards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

I'm pumped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

Yeah. So you you call out an important detail here. Right? Production value. I I think you're right. I think it'll be high because Discovery, the production value has been high. If you remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

Star Trek, when it aired on television, always had those episodes where it was very clear they were saving budget. Like Right. The one that always comes to mind is from Enterprise, A Night in Sick Bay, where basically the the dog is sick. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

That that's one thing to Discovery's credit they never had. They didn't have, like, that episode that was just fluff because they were trying to, you know, fill a slot in order to save on budget. And I think that'll be true with Picard, so that gives me hope. Again, the most redeeming quality of this whole thing is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

Patrick Stewart. Bingo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

So I'm looking forward to Kicks perian actor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

doing Star Trek.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

I I yeah. Again. Again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

You think about it. Right? Like, this franchise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

in many respects, built on his back, because the next generation is really the foundation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

for the universe that most people know and care about. I the original series is awesome. I'm trying to discount it, but there were three seasons of that. There were seven of the It's next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

just it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

not apples and oranges. It's apples and oranges, rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

We've got we've got a big date coming up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

Yeah. Which I didn't know about until I saw it. Hey. You added this to the note. Do you not know that WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

is coming up? That's I I don't even understand how that's possible. I don't remember what time of year it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

So yeah. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

So this but this happens every year, pretty much the same time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

And I usually watch it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

or have it streaming at least. Do you Sometimes watch live tweets. Do you watch the keynote when it streams like in real time or do you watch it delayed later in the evening?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

Usually real time, I'll put it on. Okay. That's good. As long as I don't have meetings, I'll try to watch it. It has progressively gotten longer and I would say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

less interesting. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

Yeah. I just think back to No more Steve Jobs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

When you when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

you think about his keynotes, like, nobody stands up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:22]

One day, you will stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

No. So what I mean by that is I was thinking back to when they launched Apple Music, which really didn't fit the tone of WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

is a 100% supposed to be a developer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

conference. Right? It's there are announcements. They're product announcements, but they are focused for engineers who are gonna be building on their platforms, and that includes software and hardware. So, you know, this round, we will get iOS 13, Mac OS ten fifteen, watchOS six, tvOS 13, because that's what this event is for, right, the release of all those things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

Have you been following any of the rumors, any of the headlines?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:02]

I have not. I just pulled up the site, and the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:06]

logo

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

or whatever is weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

It's it's this robot with a bunch of stuff exploding out of his head.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:14]

Robot that looks like a skeleton? Yeah. Write code, blow minds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

Looks like we got a little sort of three d moving forward effect, which leads me to believe either AR, VR focused stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

So let me let me rattle off some of the things that have been floating around rumor wise and just see how you react. Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

Dark mode in iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

Alright then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

Do you do you use dark mode in macOS?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

I do, actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

So would you use it in iOS?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

I don't know. I'd have to see what it looked like. Probably not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

would be my first inclination.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

Alright. An overhauled reminders app. Do you remember do you remember when they rebooted the notes app?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

So a lot of rumors are speculating that this will be kinda the reboot of reminders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

You're a Wunderlist guy. Do you care?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:13]

I haven't used Wunderlist for a while. Currently, I am looking for something to use.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

I've dabbled with reminders,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

so maybe this will seal the deal. Okay. So we're one for two so far on predictions John cares about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

Let me see here. What else do we have? So here's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

multiple windows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

in in a, like, new tab perspective on the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

So think of Haven't. OS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

wide tab bar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

supporting multiple windows. Care, not care?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

So that is potentially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

able to make the iPad more of a productivity device.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

They've messed around with a couple different concepts around this, both with, like, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

split screen mode and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

It really will come down to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

how things interact

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

between different apps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

So you don't have a current iPad right now, do you? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

My iPad mini is pretty dated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

So would this compel you to get a new iPad or no?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

Not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:26]

just by itself. I mean, I need a use case for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

You know, it's interesting. You said that the iPad's not a productivity device, and and I think you know my position that I fundamentally disagree with that. But that's a different episode for another time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

Okay. On the Mac OS front lots of workarounds. You have to take a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

you really have to set your mindset

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

to say, hey. I'm gonna use this to do these things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

Like, you write code and stuff on it. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

it's not exactly like pulling up your laptop and writing code on that. I love how productivity for you just means code. It doesn't mean, like, authoring documents, working on spreadsheets, anything like that. See, and I can't stand typing on the iPad. So Uh-oh. Alright. Well, I I do suspect that some of that is because you got the small iPad, but I digress. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

On Mac OS, the big thing is Marzipan. Have you heard this before? Are you familiar with Marzipan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

I've heard you say it before, but I can't remember context. Okay. And our listeners definitely haven't, at least. Marzipan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

is this internal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

name at Apple supposedly. Right? This is all rumor, all conjecture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

That allows you to run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

apps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

on both iOS and Mac OS. So, like, think about your favorite iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

app. Right? Mine would probably be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

oh, man. What would my favorite iOS app be, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Let's say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

the Catechism app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

There you go. My favorite iOS app is the Catechism app. It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

Do you have that memorized, Stan? No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

My my favorite developer or excuse me. No. Definitely not my favorite. Anyhow, I digress. They'd be able to your favorite developers, Stan. Using Marzipan on Mac OS easily. So the idea is, like, these apps that have been developed for actually, here's a better example. Overcast. Right? A podcast player app. Yes. That would be excellent. 100% iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

Maybe Marco Arment wants to release it to Mac OS. He could do that under Marzipan. Marzipan would make that really easy. Today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

it's completely different frameworks you use to build these apps. And so there have been, hints of Marzipan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

inside iOS for a while. You think about photos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

You think about even reminders and notes to a certain extent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

I believe iBooks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

the Stocks app, like a lot of the stuff that came out in the last Mac OS version, had these hints of Marzipan on the shared UI framework. So the thinking is that that will come out in Mac OS ten fifteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

We'll see. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

A lot of people point to the fact that your 32 bit apps, if you still have those, will no longer work in ten fifteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

So that's been a long time coming, because I think I was trying to think about this the other day. Do I use any letter still? I don't think so. I doubt it. The 64 bit change was so long ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

Right. I mean, like, a decade. Right? So I would be I'd be shocked. But some people are gonna have that problem. Oh, well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

That's I think that's the only Mac OS update that I care about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

I have not seen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

much in the way of hardware. We talked about the MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

There there has been this long rumored

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

redesigned Mac Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

lot of folks think that it will be announced at WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

will see. I think if if they were gonna make the announcement, now would be the time to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

They announced this thing well over a year ago, so they're overdue at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

But Okay. We'll see. I this is it's funny. The this Mac Pro could be absolutely awesome. It will probably not be a computer that I will ever buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

It will cost an arm, a leg, and a kidney,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

but, I think what's interesting and this is this is why I care about it. The Mac Pro the previous Mac Pro, the trash can, as it's affectionately called,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

has not been well received by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

Apple's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

high end,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

customers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

Right? They they just don't don't like it. And Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

created a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

unfortunate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

piece of hardware in that it it had thermal restrictions that couldn't, like, upgrade the processor and all this other stuff. So it has been stagnant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

And I think Apple's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

at a juncture where they're trying to decide are they gonna keep that high end customer base or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

And this this device to me really is going to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

showcase their commitment. So I'm I'm interested to see just what they come out with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

but it I won't be buying it. It's I mean, this will probably be a base model, like, $5 if I had to bet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

Now you do have the trash can. Do you ever turn it on? I do. Yeah. I have one for work, and I use it for work for certain projects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

And it's fine. I mean, it's fast. Don't get me wrong. But Right. I understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

it has the limitations it has. Right? So I'm not gonna belabor that, but but, basically, they hedge their bets on the wrong way to move forward with video

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

cards and so forth. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

it just And that's that's really the use case. Right? As if you're doing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

processing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

of lots of video stuff, photo stuff to an extent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

and we're talking like movie production. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

It can be. There there's a whole bunch of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

you know, machine learning, computer science y stuff. Basically, anything where you need multiple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

CPUs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

right, to run Right. Where the Mac Pro is gonna fit that niche.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

Because, like, the one on my desk, I believe, has 12 cores. It this has had 12 cores for, you know, the five years that's been out or however long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

that was a lot back when it came out, so I would imagine the next one will have even more. And so that that kind of processing is not something I do regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

And, you know, that it's it's geared for a very very specific type of high end, high needs customer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:26]

And if they're pushing more and more with this virtual reality stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:31]

that would definitely come into play. Yep. Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

Which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

you know, they're they're making a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

run for it very clearly in iOS. Not strong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

run, though, I wouldn't say. Yeah. It's like kinda like this consumer level VR or whatever. It's it's general purpose. And it's at this point, it looks like a hobby. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

for them to bring it up to the next notch, they're gonna have to enable developers to do things they can't on today's Mac Pro. So I think I think you're right. I think the two are gonna go together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

John. Have you gotten your ladder yet? That was that was the last thing I wanted to really ask you about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:09]

The ladder shipped today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

It should be here tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

Okay. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

when when was I in Iowa? It was in February?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

Yeah. Was it February? Yeah. I think so. I told you to buy a ladder then, didn't I?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:25]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:27]

So And a saw and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

a whole bunch of other things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

What? Do you have a saw yet, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

I do not have a saw. What what about a fallen down yet. I I had a drill when you were here. It's just not cordless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

So so what kind of ladder did you get, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

I got the Little Giant. I went all out. All out? So how how high does this thing reach?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

I believe it is 22 feet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

That's got some height. I have seen these. I've never actually been on one, so you have to let me know how it goes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

Did you order from littlegiantladder.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

or did you order from Amazon?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

You millennial. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

I actually saw some in store too, So I could've just bought one. Dare I ask, maybe you don't wanna talk about this on the podcast, but dare I ask what what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

forced your hand to finally get your ladder?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

Water in my basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

So I'm assuming you're gonna use this to get up up on top of your roof and clean out gutters?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

Yep. I believe what I told you was even if I have to do it in lightning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

Okay. Well, I for your sake, my friend, I hope that there is no lightning when you have to get up on that thing. I did just survive a bike ride through a thunderstorm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

so there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

I think I think if I've been looking at the weather report and saw thunder coming, I would have taken a hard pass on that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

I only made it just over nine miles, but definitely lightning around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

Well, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

I do you wanna talk about your water? Like, I mean, you're you're enduring, I think, the joys of homeownership now. You're you're in the thick of it. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

you saw the pit. We had some trouble with the pit mostly because one of the pumps was clogged is what we determined because it's doing just fine right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:27]

So we handled that when you were here for my birthday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:30]

So that was really the side of the basement that I was concerned about, water.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:35]

Turns out that the opposite corner, kinda on this front side of the house,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:42]

got water in it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:44]

I walked over and the carpet was wet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:46]

So I moved out my nice little cabinet that stores wine glasses and has my pipes on top and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

Pull up the carpet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

carpet pad is all wet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

So we shop vac as much of that out as possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

It's a good thing you had a shop vac, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:03]

It was. It's coming handy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:07]

So did that, got box fans going,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:12]

still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

the carpet pad wasn't really drying,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

bought a dehumidifier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:17]

got that going and now everything seems to be fairly dry for the moment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:22]

I'm hoping that I found and solved the problem where water was coming in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

So between the driveway and the house, there was a crack that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:34]

had been caulked before, but it was all cracked through. It looks like there was holes in it. So I pulled all that caulking out when it was dry and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:44]

I recocked the whole thing all along that side of the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:47]

So Okay. That was fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

So, I mean, this all sounds like encouraging for for the listener just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

to be familiar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

the, shop vac was purchased upon my recommendation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

I also recommended the latter, but, you know, some sometimes you can't teach them all dog new tricks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

I you're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

between the shop vac and the the pump that you bought and the dehumidifier and the box fans,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

I think you have got that whole, like, category of water problems now covered. So congratulations. You're now you're now a homeowner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

And I have a caulk gun now too, Stan. Oh, there you go. Cockens are fun. I like Cockens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

Yeah. So, hopefully, I did return the second emergency pump.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

that was good. Good deal. So when when is the next heavy rain coming?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

I think it's happening right now. Okay. So Let's get an inch and a half overnight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

So as soon we're done recording, you're gonna go downstairs and check your your Yes. Missus Kolmeyer is on watch duty currently. So Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

Well, wish missus Kolmeyer my best. And on that note, John, I think I'll let you tend to your your water in your home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:01]

Alright. Sounds good. I'm hoping to stay dry. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

Until next time, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

Alright. Later, Stan.
