---
title: Maybe Weezer Should have Performed  the Super Bowl Halftime Show
episode: 30
date: '2019-02-07T12:58:41.000Z'
slug: maybe-weezer-should-have-performed-the-super-bowl-halftime-show/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  ** The conversation revolves around a recent episode of the Punisher series,
  with Stan discussing his thoughts on the season's storyline and characters. He
  also shares his confusion about the cast of the 2004 movie adaptation,
  specifically Thomas Jane, who is listed as Frank Castle but seems to have
  limited roles in other films. The discussion touches on social media presence
  and reviews for the podcast.


  **KEYWORDS:** Punisher series, Thomas Jane, Frank Castle, Deep Blue Sea,
  Predator, Twistoflemonpodcast, Social media reviews, Podcast episodes
keywords:
  - '** Punisher series'
  - Thomas Jane
  - Frank Castle
  - Deep Blue Sea
  - Predator
  - Twistoflemonpodcast
  - Social media reviews
  - Podcast episodes
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

You feeling alright, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

I'm feeling better. I wouldn't say that I'm alright. I've got this, like, lingering cough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

and, you know, it is what it is. But the fevers are gone. Life is kind of starting to return to normal at the Lemon House.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

You know? I asked because this the second week in a row where all of our ideas for topics of conversation have come from me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

I I'm not really sure why that is. You were on a roll today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

and some of these are just downright bizarre.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

Are are you wanting to go in order?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

Not necessarily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

Alright. One which one jumps out as bizarre to you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

It's listen, man. When we get to the Weezer one on here, we're gonna we're gonna spend some serious time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

discussing this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

But alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

First thing on your list is about a football game that supposedly happened. I'm just curious, did you watch that football game at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

I did not, but everybody complained about how boring football was, and finally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:29]

everybody agrees with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

Okay. Well, what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

did you do during the Super Bowl, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

read

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

parables of judgment by Robert Capon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

I read or I watched an episode of the punisher.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

I grilled some hamburgers for my wife and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

probably other things, but I don't remember what they were. Okay. Grill grill temperature check. What were we outside when you grilled Sunday, it was beautiful. It was like 45 degrees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

Now, were these just straight ground chuck slabs or did you do anything crazy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:12]

my wife really likes it when I make these pepper cheddar burgers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

So I take

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:17]

coarse ground pepper

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

and kinda do the outside of them in this coarse ground pepper,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

which is really delicious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:26]

I just I just put the cheddar cheese on top this time. Sometimes I'll mix it into the burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

Okay. So if you put it on top, it's in a slice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

I'm assuming if you mix it in, you grate it? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

But I'm I'm assuming eighty twenty ground chuck. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

I don't know. My wife bought it. I think it was only 15% fat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

And that worked out alright for you? Yeah. They were delicious. Okay. Alright. Good deal. Good deal. On the grill,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

I I respect that. I respect that. I did hamburgers not that long ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

I actually think after the last time we recorded,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

and I did them in the skillet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

which I have not done them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

in in a skillet. I think maybe about once

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

in my life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

So yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:24]

Nice. So you watched the Super Bowl?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

I did. And it was as boring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

and as painful as everyone on the Internet said it was. It was it was really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

I like, the worst Super Bowl that I had seen up until this one was when the seahawks, the Seattle seahawks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

just destroyed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

Peyton Manning's broncos. And I mean, like, they they straight up blew them out, but at least somebody scored.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

And that was the problem with this game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

The the Rams, I think, by the time we were into the third quarter, had four first downs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

Like, I at the end of the game, right, they give an MVP award

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

to a player on the winning team, and they give it to Julian Edelman. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's a good receiver. I get it. But I really do not understand how the punter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

didn't get the MVP

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

out of this game because he played more than everybody else. Now, some people have said that this was a great defensive battle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

I I think there's something to that. The defense played hard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

It was also, you know, the the defense just, at least on the Rams side of the ball, lost gas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

in in the fourth quarter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

But I I don't know, man. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

it it is not entertaining to me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

all phases of the game are not being executed. And we went I think we went the full first half without a touchdown. Like, it's just it's just was ridiculous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

So I I had a hard time paying attention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

Normally, we would have done a Super Bowl party, but with with our family kinda, like, out of capacity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

it was just us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

I was bored. I was absolutely bored. And the commercials

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

were pathetic. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

they just weren't good. I I I I don't even know I don't know what advertisers were thinking this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

It's just it it didn't make any sense. I I was really disappointed all around. I always find it a little bit humorous for the people who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

watch the Super Bowl just for the commercials,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

and then they spend the rest of the year avoiding commercials as often as they can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Well, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

yeah. I I there's there's a little bit of, like, ridiculousness to it, but historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

the commercials have been really awesome, like, funny, good material.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

You know? I I I, I tweeted something about one of my all time favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

commercials. It was a Budweiser commercial

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

called Paper Plastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

Have you ever seen the Paper Plastic commercial?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

I mean, have you seen it? Like, are you are familiar with what I'm referring to? It's it's No. They go to buy beer and groceries and all this other stuff, and they've got toilet paper,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

and they don't have enough money for it all so that, you know, keep paring it down, paring it down. They get to adjust the beer and the toilet paper. Finally, they settle on the beer. No surprise there. But then they go to ring out, and the ladies like paper plastic, and the guys both yell paper, and then, you know, they grab the proceeds. So it's it's like it's funny. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

I there was nothing like that. Like, I there was not a single memorable commercial to me this year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

So I heard something about the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

beer commercials,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:38]

and they were, like, trying to target people my age or something by pushing that it's all made with renewable energy and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

Was that true? I don't remember I don't remember renew renewable energy being a big deal. Although, I guess, maybe they had a wind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

they had a wind power one. The thing that stood out to me, they they they put a lot of emphasis on Budweiser not being made from corn syrup. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

it was it was just I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

the beer is not that great. So if you're not using corn syrup, maybe you should try it. Like, that was my reaction. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

So I'll stick with my local craft brews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

Yeah. I I mean, I don't know. The the Budweiser commercials were arguably the best of the breed this year, but you were, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

still not that good. So enough about that. Next year do were were they frogs?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

Budweiser frogs? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

That was a number of years ago. The, that that was another good commercial. Right? That's memorable. Think about it. That commercial's probably two decades old, and you still remember it. I can't remember a single commercial from Sunday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

Alright. There you go. So other big thing of note for the Sunday game was the halftime show. Did you watch the halftime show?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

I did. Yeah. Do you like Maroon five normally?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

I like songs about Jane. K.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

So Was that any of those performed?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

Yeah. I mean, I I actually think that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

bulk of them were from songs about Jane, tells you a little bit something about Maroon five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

You know, Adam Levine, like, he kept losing clothes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

in the performance. It didn't really make any sense. Like, I don't know. Losing clothes? Or Well, he he took his shirt off at the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

It's a little it's a little different it's a little different than the Janet Jackson mishap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

But I it wasn't necessary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

I don't know. Like, it it was funny too at the end, you had Adam Levine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

wearing nothing on his top. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

one of the one of the rappers that came out, in the middle, I think it was who was Big Boy? Like, I couldn't keep him straight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

I'm not an Outkast fan, so I I don't but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

he comes out wearing this fur coat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

So, like, the dude's gotta be a thousand degrees up there. They got flames shooting everywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

You know, Adam Levine is is visibly it's just like it looked weird. You know? You got a guy wearing nothing, and you got a guy wearing a fur coat. Like, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

Here here's the thing. The Who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

set the the standard for the worst

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

Super Bowl halftime show ever in my mind? I don't think I saw that one either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

Oh, man. It was so bad. It was it was just so bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

It like, it's the only it's the only Super Bowl I remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

where I I was like, this is a good time to go use the restroom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

Right? Like Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

So, usually, you're waiting for your local commercials. You're like, oh, local commercials. You know? Go go use the restroom. But but the who is like, this is a good time to go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

it's gotta be pretty bad. And I I think, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

Maroon five was fine. There was a lot of, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

there was there was a lot of, Internet fodder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

about them leading up to this, and I I just don't care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

I just don't care enough to, like, pay attention to all that. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

Here here's here's the thing though, John. Super Bowl's done. I have managed to finish the Punisher, which is the last show that I needed to watch on Netflix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

My, my TV watching is done for a while. With the exception of one show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

I will continue to watch new episodes of Star Trek Discovery as they come out. But other than that, like, I got nothing to watch, and it's great. It is really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

really great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

you'll find time to come visit me then?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

I'm gonna try. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna sit here and tell you about a date that may or may not happen because I don't know what, you know, weird virus is gonna creep into my world. But but let's just say that there there something's been penciled in the calendar, and we will try.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

our listeners were asking about you, so there's that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:59]

Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

So, anyway, that's enough football talk until the Steelers make it to the Super Bowl, which is probably the next Super Bowl that I will watch because I promised you that I would drive to wherever you're living and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:15]

watch the Steelers in the Super Bowl with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

Unless it happens after my kids leave the house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

it will be this house, John, that you will come to visit me at when the students are in the hospital. I I would bet against that if I were a betting man, but Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

listen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

the point of of like longest residence is five years. So just keep that in mind. You know, we're Right. We're two months away from year one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

You're old this why there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

10?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

No. She's nine, John. Come on, man. She's nine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:52]

Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

Sorry. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

Usually, I look at my calendar and I put what year people were born on their birth dates. That's the only reason why I can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

tell how old you're turning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

You know that Apple calendar, you set the year on the on the birth date field, well, it will actually tell you how old they're gonna be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

I did not know that, but now I'm gonna be changing birth dates for the whole year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Do you do you actually put in, like, custom dates for people?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

The custom calendar events?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:25]

For important people?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

Oh, man. I just use the birthdays calendar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

The the auto the auto magical I turn that off because I don't care that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

You funny guy, John. Technology has solved this problem for you. Like, I'm I'm clicking on somebody here and it it says it's their 40 birthday on Thursday. But why do you care that it's their 40 birthday?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

I mean, like I don't necessarily care that it's their 40 birthday, but I do care like when it's their fortieth or when it's their fiftieth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

And so, you know, having it there So this is somebody who you actually care when their birthday is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

That's a family member. Yeah. I mean, like, you know Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:05]

Because I I turn on I checked the little birthday checkbox,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

and I got, like, all the Facebook ones that come in. And, like Oh. Oh, you synced your contacts with Facebook?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

Yeah. Back in the day when it gave me their profile pictures as images.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

Oof, man. It's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

see, you are part of the problem. I can't believe you did that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:25]

Ugh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:26]

It was before I knew any better, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

I was all in on Facebook for a while. You remember those days? Yeah. Everybody would complain whenever they made a UI change and I would celebrate it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:38]

I Now I only have a Facebook so that I can update the life with the twist of lemon page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

There you go. That's the only reason I look too, and for pictures of trains. But but in all seriousness, I've I've never done the whole contact sync thing. I I would I don't think I'd ever want to. I curate my contacts like it was a a matter of religion. So I've got, you know, birth dates, anniversaries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

things of that sort plugged into the contacts, and that birthday's calendar in Apple calendar is, like, hugely important to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

In fact Right. I'll tell you this. When,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

friends have kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

despite,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

you know, them not having a phone number or an email address, I actually enter them as a contact solely so that I can plug in their birthday. So, like, if I, if I pull up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

Aaron Thomas Finker junior,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

right, all I've got for for, him is his birthday. Is he okay with you saying the full name there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

I I can't imagine why it wouldn't be. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

It's I mean, it's it's it's his name. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

they got the same name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

Anyhow Alright. So, maybe you have to bleep that out. We'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

Alright. Next on your weird list, I'm gonna skip this serious one because I can wait for another Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

You got National first pizza day. National pizza day is Saturday, Stan. How are you gonna celebrate?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

Because I can't believe this is a real thing. Like, who invented national pizza? There's national everything. There's probably a national lemon day. We should look that up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

That would be you know, in the, the city of West Chicago, which I grew up in, there was a Stan Lemon day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

Yeah. There's a story behind that. What did you do? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

I got Added to the list of episode ideas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

So this is weird to me that it's a Saturday. I guess they it's it's always February 9. They don't move it by That would be my guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

See, to me, if you're going to have a national pizza day, it should be it's it's like a movable festival. Right? So rather than say February 9, I would say it's the February

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

because to me, a pizza day has to be on a Friday. And maybe this is just like an artifact of being from the Midwest and from Chicago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

but that's that's the day that I ate pizza growing up. It's the day that everybody ate pizza growing up. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

were pizza places,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

near where I lived that were only open on Fridays and Saturdays, but they they weren't open on Thursdays. Right? Because nobody orders out pizza on a Thursday, at least not in civilized society.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

Well, now they do when football's on, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

No. No. You don't know, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

You don't do pizza on a Thursday for football, you do wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:31]

Wings? I thought wings were a Wednesday thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Wing Wednesday? I guess that makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

I I still feel like on a Thursday I don't know, man. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

to me, pizza is not a football

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

like, they don't it's not a football meal. Right? You don't you don't do pizza with football. You do burgers, brats. You do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

wings. Like, wings are the quintessential food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

This is why I wanted to ask you about National Pizza Day. You take your pizza more seriously than anyone I know and it's delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

So here's the thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

Friday is national pizza day at the Lemon House. Every Friday. Because every Friday, we do the same routine. Now, some people think that's too much, but you know what? Fifty two weeks out of the year, we have pizza and nobody complains. It's the one meal that I can make that everybody eats and they eat until they pass out, John. Every one of them. They eat they eat just completely engorge themselves. It's a beautiful Does missus Kolmeyer still hold the record?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Woof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

For for a grown adult, yes. I will say, like, Henry has definitely given her a run for her money, but I yeah. That was wild. She ate, like, a whole half of pizza by herself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

And if you've ever met missus Kolmeier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

she's she's tiny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

Like, I I didn't know where she put it all, but she just kept chowing down pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

Made me feel very good about, you know, the quality of my pizza. Will say that much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

Nice. Now now should we out you about pizza that you had while your whole family was under the plague?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

Oh, hey. Listen. I will I will own this shame. I ordered Papa John's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

when we were all dying because we didn't have groceries. It was it like, the timing could not have been worse. Right? We were gonna go do grocery day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

like, the second day that we were all running a 103 fevers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

And so there was there was not much to eat in the house to begin with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

And, you know, I caved. I ordered Papa John's. I ordered Papa John's because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

when we moved in here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

I ordered, Donatos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

Are you familiar with Donatos?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

Okay. Well, it's it's another chain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

I ordered it. My kids were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

livid. I mean, they were livid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

with me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

and they I promised them I would never order Donatos again. Quite frankly, like, in the grand scheme of things, Donato's is not the worst pizza you could order out, but I there are only two places to deliver to the house. Donato's is one, Papa John's is the other, so I ordered Papa John's. In hindsight, what I should have done that Those are the only p places that deliver or are you excluding,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

like a Pizza Hut?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

No. If they were Pizza Hut, I would do that in a heartbeat. Are you kidding me? I love Pizza Hut. Alright. I got I got a soft spot for Pizza Hut. Let me tell you what. Deep fried pizza? Yes, please. Thank you. Didn't Seymour have a Pizza Hut?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

They did. I don't know that they delivered to where we lived. I don't know that we ordered pizza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

for delivery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

or ordered out while we were in Seymour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

Right. At least not I didn't. Maybe my family went over to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

the in laws and got some, I don't I don't remember doing that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

We we did go up to Columbus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

and we ate at a place called Zwanzig's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

for pizza. You've been there. Mhmm. That was respectable pizza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

And beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

Yeah. And and beer and root beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

But yeah. So so Papa John's, the kids were they were not happy. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

I had to I had to like I had to yell at my son for saying crap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

He's like, this is crap. I'm like, you can't say that. That's not how we talk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

And he's like he's like, do you like it? I'm like, I don't like it. He goes, well then it's crap. Yeah. I'm like, no. You can't talk like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

he he he didn't just write it off though. He had running,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

critique.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

So he said that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

sauce this how do you say this? The sauce was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

not tomatoey enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

lacked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

I think he said the word depth, and I don't, like, I don't I don't seven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

year old says, the pizza sauce lacks depth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

dough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

was overly chewy and tasteless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

The the cheese was like completely absent of flavor, and the pepperoni was burnt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

My son, the critic. And of course, Lucy agreed with him. Evelyn agreed with him. The next day, there were leftovers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

and they objected to consuming it. So, you know, what what am I gonna do? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

I eat Papa John's with you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

Here's the thing though. I don't actually like Papa John's. Like, I I'm not Neither do I really. This was this was a dark moment for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

This is a really dark moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

Know, consequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

We we survived. And on Friday, I made the kids pizza and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

the whole time the whole time that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

was serving pizza for them, they kept commenting on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

how much better this was than Papa John's. How I they they would say, like, daddy, you should go to Papa John's and teach them how to make pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

I'm like I'm like, it doesn't work that way. Alright? All of these pizzas are made down in Louisville. They're frozen and shipped up here. Like, I'd have to go to Louisville to teach these people how to how to make pizza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

Have you ever tried a frozen pizza?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

Like making one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

You'd like to kind of buy from the store like freezing my pizza and making it. Like freezing your pizza and making it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

I have frozen a crust and then assembled it from that point. I haven't like assembled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

everything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

and frozen it. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

the thing is I really need one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

of those like freeze wrap sealer thingies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

I I feel like the the dough that we had, I par baked it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

Just it got a little dry in the freezer. The sarin wrap wasn't as tight. I don't have a bag big enough for it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

you know, here's the thing though. Like, the amount of time it takes me to make a pizza these days, I've I've got it down to, such a science. It takes no time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

So I I make my dough in the morning, right, before I go to work. It takes about ten minutes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

to to make the dough, and I'm not, like, hovering over that whole ten minutes. It takes maybe a minute to put everything in the mixer. I let the mixer run for, you know, five to ten at most, and then I, you know, split it up. I roll it, and I dust it up, and then I put it into the fridge, and it it bulk ferments all day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

The the dough, the actual ingredients are are actually not that complicated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

It's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

half double zero flour, half all purpose flour. I use King Arthur.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

For the all purpose, I use,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

anti

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

anti something another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

for the double zero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

And then it's olive oil, water, salt, and some yeast. Like, is it is a super simple dough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

That double zero flour makes all the difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

I use a 70% hydration rate and a 4%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

olive oil, ratio,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

you know, I just just roll with it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

come

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

you know, 05:00 when I'm done with work, I go and I start the oven,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

and I pull the dough out. By the time the oven's ready, I, you know, basically pull it off. I I kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

do my my thing where I stretch it out, spin it real quick. That takes maybe a minute or two. I par bake it for a minute just to give it some structure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

and then I'd I'd you know, I've got the sauce usually already made.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

Sometimes Sarah makes it during the day for me. She uses my recipe or or sometimes we've got like, we make big batches. So we get a couple weeks out of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

But then, you know, we got grated cheese and pepperoni for the kids. We do some vegetables for me. I can have the pizza out of the oven in thirty minutes, you know, from start to finish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

So they're they're usually eaten before 06:00 on a Friday and it's, you know, some skin off my back. So faster than if you wanted to get a pizza delivered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

It it actually is. That's the thing, like, not only does it taste better, but literally by the time I place the order, they cook it and drive it here, and then it's cold too, like, I don't I don't know like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

you would think that those little hot box things they have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

would retain heat better than they do, but they don't. And it's just frustrating.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

National Pizza Day observed will be Friday in the lemon household

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

as every Friday. Every week. Yeah. I might try to make pizza on Saturday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

You've got my recipe. Right? I have your recipe. I fall apart with the shaping of the dough. Nobody does it as well as you do, Stan. I even watched the video. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

that's right. I got the video. Did I upload that to YouTube?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

I don't know if it's on YouTube. I don't think I've seen a YouTube link. You might have because somebody at work was asking you about it, weren't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

Yeah. I've I've made that video a couple of times for different people. I really should dig it up and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

maybe just film a new one and and upload it because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

that's that like, I think that the thing about the way that I do it, right, is I don't I don't crush it. So I you still get bubbles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

you get kind of a nice even disc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

It it tends to stay smooth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

You just, you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

I don't know. Like, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

I wanted bubbles. Right? Right. I wanted bubbles, and I wanted a crunchy bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

Those were the two things that set me on this path to come up with my own pizza recipe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

you know, I tried a ton of things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

and ton of different techniques.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

That's what I came up with. And it's delicious. If you ever are in Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

tell Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

as a listener of Life With a Twist of Lemon, I'm sure he'll make you pizza as long as it's Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

Absolutely. I mean, for certain guests, we will move pizza day, but it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

it's gotta be it's gotta be an important guest. I will say if you're if you're listening to this and you're wondering what makes the pizza different, it's double zero flour. Right? You can find that on Amazon or in Whole Foods,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

occasionally at a Kroger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

I I have seen it at Walmart too, actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

But that's that's the thing that gives the crust that pizza parlor smell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

You only have to use, you know, it for about half your flour, but it it makes a significant difference. The other thing is on the sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

I make my sauce from scratch. It is also super simple. It is some some minced fresh garlic and oil in the bottom of a of a pot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

and I just like get that kinda, you know, so you can smell it. And then I toss in to the oil and the garlic some oregano,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

some, basil dry, both for each, and then some Aleppo pepper, which is the other thing that you you gotta look for. You find on Amazon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

if you are in the Midwest, Jungle Gyms in Cincinnati

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

has it in like a huge size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

And then, you know, you do that for about another minute, Toss in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

diced tomato and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

mix it up, and then you add a little bit of sugar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

a dash of cayenne pepper, salt, pepper to taste. It's real simple. That is also the recipe for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:43]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

gravy in the Godfather in that scene where they're making the gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

It is very similar. Yeah. I don't know that they actually say Aleppo pepper, but They don't. They say it's like the best sauce ever. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

Yep. Yep. Good reference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

Alright. Another thing you do is toss in a little ground fennel if if you like the taste of fennel. Some people do, some people don't. You know, it varies. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

Got it. You'll have to, like, send me that recipe again, and we'll post it online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

Do you have the sauce recipe written out? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I got it all written out. Alright. I just gotta I gotta decide. Do wanna give it away?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

Give it away, I guess. I don't know. We don't have to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

did you like Speaking of food speaking of food,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

missus Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

and Cattle Drive, you want you wanna talk about this? So today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:33]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

I went a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

off the rails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

did a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

pot roast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

with cattle drive, rubbed by finger,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

and it turned out amazingly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

Okay. Pot roast. How tell me about how you cooked it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

So in the crock pot for ten hours while I was at work today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

Oh, in the crock pot. Interesting. And so did you sprinkle over it lightly or did you, like, cover it and really pack it in? I covered it, really packed it in, browned it, and then into the crock pot it went for ten hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

Okay. So you browned it in like, a cast iron pan or something? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

Oil. Alright. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

you put the seasoning on before you browned it. Yep. Did you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:22]

put any additional seasoning on after you browned it? I didn't. I guess I poured some into the crock pot itself, but I wasn't methodical about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

Okay. Interesting. So the well, this is good to know. Pot roast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

with, with cattle drive. Hopefully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

here, Fanker will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

start selling this stuff online. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

missus Kolmeier liked that, I take it? She did. Said it was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

Alright. Well, I gotta say, at Cattle Drive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

there's I I don't wanna I don't wanna give away Fanker's secret, but I'm pretty sure he's got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

a special paprika in there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

like, really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

kinda gives it a a non smoky cooking, a smokiness Yep. That I I really think sets it apart. Yep. I noticed that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

Yeah. It's good stuff. Delicious. Way to go, finger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

Alright, man. The weirdest thing on your list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

You were texting me about this today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:22]

I was. It was Weezer. Did you listen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

I did. You so okay. Let's let's back up. I did this this album, the teal album, did this come out today or something? No. So teal album came out last week or two weeks ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

I like to call it the the Weezer karaoke album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

Yeah. I actually thought that's what it was called, so I was really I was really confused.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

Are you are you like a like a Weezer fan? Like, is this is is this one of your bands?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

So I like early Weezer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

as sent by the Blue Album, and then I don't know. Okay. Wait. Wait. Hold hold up. Hold up. The Blue Album,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

that's the one with Say It Ain't So. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

And my name is Jonas. You're telling me that the the recording quality of that doesn't make your ears bleed?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:05]

No, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

think the reason I don't listen to Weezer is because of the Blue album. Really? And I I think I think it comes down to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

recording quality. Like, Say It Ain't So To Me just sounds like an amateur recording. I I really like I just don't like the sound of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

I don't know if we can be friends anymore, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

Oh, you'll get over it. Now I will. Here's here's the thing here's the thing that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

maybe you'll be shocked by. I kinda like the teal album when I listen to it. You would. What can I guess what your favorite track is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

You you can't. I don't know that I've decided, but let's see what you think anyhow. My guess

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:50]

is your favorite

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

favorite track was the No Scrubs cover.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

I would not say it was my favorite. I did enjoy it. I thought it was I thought it was very well done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

I I really liked the rendition of Africa, I thought mister Blue Sky was pretty well done too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:07]

Did you see did you see Toto covered Hash Pipe when they first released Africa as a single?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

No. I dude, I know one song by by Toto, like Africa. And and to be honest with you, it wasn't until this year that I actually heard the Toto version.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:22]

What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

It was all just Higher Things karaoke?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

No. No. No. No. I don't we we did that at I don't remember doing that at Higher Things karaoke. It might have been after you left us for real jobs. It's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

straight no chaser.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

Oh, the twelve days of Christmas?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's I honestly, for the longest time, thought they made that up. I don't know. This yeah. And you've let you listen to lots of music, Stan. Like I know. But but somehow, Toto was not, like, on my radar. Weezer is not on my radar. Again, I think because of the blue album Maybe. I will probably be listening to the TL album this week because I kinda liked it. I don't know, man. It just So it didn't do anything musically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:05]

Sounded like Weezer was singing karaoke.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

I so here's the thing though. If you like a band,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

why is that a bad thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:15]

Because I don't particularly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:17]

like the band. I like their early music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

I will say this. These were honest renditions of each of these songs. That is true. They were they were peculiar choices,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

but they they didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

they didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

I don't know. They didn't do any of these songs a disservice. Even Stand By Me, which I think they pushed a little far,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

was was a fine rendition. Like, I don't know. Did did you listen to Billie Jean?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

Yeah. Billie Jean was a little different, but Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

I got a soft spot for that song. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:52]

When Michael Jackson's singing it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

It's, again, like, a really eclectic set of choices,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

and I saw that the editor's note actually walked through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

each song. Did you see this? Editor's notes on Apple Music walked through each song

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

and had quotes from Weezer as to why they why they chose them. I I thought it was kind of interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

I did not see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

Yeah. You should check it out. It if you go to the it's the link you sent me. You just the editor notes on the left hand side, you click on more. And song by song, they kinda walk through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

why each of these ended up on the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

Oh, that's cool. It's interesting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

So I don't know, man. I like Weezer's just not my thing. It it really But not really are not. Now you're listening to the Teal album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

the thing. My I think my kids will enjoy it. That's that's like I listen to this. Was like, oh, I could listen to this in the car. And as of late, they have been really upset with my music choices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

Since watching the Punisher, I have been listening to the Shooter Jennings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

essentials playlist

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

and my kids can't stand it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

actually, here here, John. This has been my week. I got Shooter Jennings in the car. When I'm working, it's Bone Thugs and Harmony. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:09]

Yeah. So apparently We'll talk about the punisher here in a couple weeks because I got two episodes left.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

Oh, man. I can't believe you're why are we recording? Shouldn't you be Watching the monitor. Like watching? Yeah. I would be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:24]

if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

we weren't recording.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:27]

I'll probably go watch an episode before I go to bed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

Yeah. I I'll tell you what. When you get to the end of the second to last episode, you're gonna find it really hard not to binge watch Oh, there's been so many of those, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

but I've stayed strong so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

This is a good season. This is a really good season, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

I think when you get to the end so one of the things you you sent me a text. You're like, I don't know how they possibly ramp all this up with only two episodes ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

And I I would say that I think for the most part, they tied everything up beautifully

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

and gave themselves some latitude

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

the season that never will be. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

I I didn't feel like I was left hanging at all. I this this was an exceptionally well written season in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

Good. Because they're doing crazy things with multiple storylines.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

But They are. And it's interesting because the the typical Marvel Netflix

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:19]

pattern Right? Through one, and then they go through the other one. But this is And and They're happening at the Yeah. Same

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

Totally intertwined.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

I think it's interesting too that the main character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

you know, his struggle is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

either,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

but, like, which to deal with right now. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:38]

Typical Punisher.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

Yeah. You know, I I don't know. I I love I love that actor. I Yep. He's good. Yeah. I think he he does that great. So did did you ever watch the Punisher movie way back in the day? I did. I don't remember anything about it though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

Who who was that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

Trying to remember what that what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:57]

the actor was. It was it was not good. Yeah. It was I don't remember a thing about it so it couldn't have been anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

Where is I cannot find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

the main character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:13]

Come on Google or whatever you use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

Well, this is so so weird. I got IMDB up and you would think that he'd be the first person listed, but he's it's Thomas Jane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

Who is it? Wait. He's like the thirteenth thing person in the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

How does Frank Castle the thirteenth person in the list for the movie The Punisher?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:35]

By order of appearance?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:37]

That's just weird. I I don't know. Are you are you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

are you familiar with with Thomas Paine of, like, Boogie Nights fame and, what else has he been in? Deep Blue Sea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

Do you know who this is? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:51]

Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:53]

John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

I think I saw Deep Blue Sea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

I think he was in the predator too, wouldn't he? Was he?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:01]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:03]

Yeah. I could be wrong about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

Anyhow, not not super memorable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

and I think that is a perfect way to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

describe the movie. So there you go. Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:13]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:14]

Alright, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:17]

Another week, another episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:20]

Our listeners should like us on Facebook, review us on iTunes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:26]

do other stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

Twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

Right? Twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

Have you checked to see if we have any new reviews? I have. We do not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:37]

Reviews are sorely lacking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:39]

I don't think any of my family members who listen have left an iTunes review.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:45]

So Mine have. I'm I'm not sure what to think about that. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:49]

Mom Lemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:51]

left a review.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:52]

You can read it on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:53]

iTunes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

Thanks, mom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:57]

She does rock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

You you should get missus Colmire to leave a review. I I don't care missus Colmire hasn't listened since episode two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

That's that's fine. This is our point that you don't have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

It is. You don't have to listen to the show to leave a review. You don't have to listen to the show in order to give it five stars. In fact, if you don't listen to it, it's more likely that you'll give it five stars. We need to start saying this at the beginning of episodes instead of at the end. Oh, there we go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

Well, next time, make a note of it. Alright. Sounds good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:30]

Talk to you understand.

