---
title: Wifi Woes and the iPhone 13 Pro Max
episode: 154
date: '2021-09-30T15:00:12.000Z'
slug: wifi-woes-and-the-iphone-13-pro-max/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of the podcast, Stan Lemon and John discuss their struggles
  with news apps, including the frustration with features like algorithm-driven
  content curation and notification spam. They reminisce about past news apps,
  such as Flipboard and Zite, which they found more effective in providing
  personalized news experiences. Ultimately, they settle on Axios as a viable
  option for their news needs.
keywords:
  - News Apps
  - Algorithm-Driven Content Curation
  - Notification Spam
  - Flipboard
  - Zite
  - Axios
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

You know, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

I've got two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

different message threads from you on my phone and on my iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

And I think it started after you got your new phone and you're sending from your iCloud email address.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

That's so interesting because I did a straight transfer from the old device to the new device. You mentioned this earlier, and I haven't had a chance to check and see if the send and receive no. See, it says start new conversations from my phone number.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

So now I'm not entirely sure what's going on. I wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

so I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

I kept I left all my devices upstairs. I kept the old phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

on, and I might have texted you from it earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

I waited to format it. And I wonder So I think it started last night.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

You sent something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

and it created this new thread and then it's been ongoing since.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

I really feel like this is the the, like, the great bug of iOS. Right? Like, this has haunted us for years with Mark Buto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Mark routinely creates brand new conversations of the three of us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

It's entirely his fault. I don't know what he does, but it's it's definitely something he does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

It's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

And yeah. I mean, this has been going on for almost a decade, I would say. I gotta think it must be hard to reproduce. Like, there's no way that Apple engineers don't experience it. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

Alright. I've checked. Everything that I have that is currently authorized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

to use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

iCloud is set to start new conversations from my phone number.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

I don't know. Me you know, I've questioned. Is that the right

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

is that the right place to start new conversations from?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

I would think so. Although at this point, do you text anyone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

who isn't an iPhone user?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

Because just looking at my last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:17]

two days,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

I have the only text SMS message that I've received

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

is when my bank sends me a security code so I can log in. Yeah. That's definitely the number one use case. I I was just looking at this. I have a few Oh, and these AT and T, like, spam messages Yeah. That come through. Have you been getting those too? No. No. Unfortunately not. No. I've got I've got, like, neighbors. There are local people that are here in Indiana that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

apparently still have Android phones. I guess that's a thing. I don't know. But it's not a lot of them and I'm not proud convert them. Well, I'm not proud to know them, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

I but this is this is the life they've chosen. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

So all your neighbors that you like are on iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

I think that statement's actually true. Okay. I I think I think it's true. Yeah. I'd have to I'd have to sit here and really contemplate it, but I think I think that statement is is correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

I think it's a pretty low risk statement to make. I know it's not. So I like Mike. I like mayor Mike up front, and he's an Android user.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

But You know why? Well, in his defense, he doesn't like phones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

He he's like, I don't he doesn't like technology. He's like, I just I've got whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

He's retired. He just wants to live his life and not pay a thousand dollars for a new phone. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And, you know, I won't fault him for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

You know, it's so funny now that I'm, like, knee deep, and maybe this isn't the right expression. I was gonna say knee deep in lawn care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

but hopefully, you're never knee deep in lawn care. Although, you got close based on some pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

Oh, it wasn't that high. Come on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

No. But I did get a text message from, like, do you need help? Is there anything I can cover? And Lucy was like, no. Don't touch my lawn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

but I I popped the blade off today. It's so funny how quickly that blade wears down. You know? Yeah. Meer Mike says every four cuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

And anecdotally, right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

I think that's correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

So That's crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

Yeah. Well I do not sharpen my blade that often. How often do you sharpen your blade, John? Probably like four times a year. Oh, well, you're not doing it right. And I cut twice a week. So Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

I guess this is one area where I have have exceeded the master. The student has exceeded the master and the teacher, whatever the phrase is. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

Yep. Now we we we got home late last night, and I had Lucy out there mowing right away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

We met her a little higher than usual, but I'll tell you what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

the super recycler in the Toro, man, is that is just a thing to behold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

So no clumping, didn't have to bag. Lucy doesn't like the bag. She doesn't want a bag. There's just no chance of her getting the bag, so we just pop those those blades up as high as we can and do her best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

Has she ever tried to bag on the new mower? No. Not on the new mower. In fact, Lucy, you should try bagging on the new mower. So when you listen to this, think about it. There's a there's a part of this mower that you have not experienced yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

If I recall, right, Mayor Mike, he mulches

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

every fourth time. So he doesn't mulch every every cut.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:19]

So Fair enough. Yeah. I mean I mean, bagging will leave a cleaner look.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

Oh, there's there's no doubt. There's no doubt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

And you're throwing down enough nutrients now that, I mean, you're just missing out on the free nitrogen from the grass.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Yeah. Well, I am, I'm a couple weeks away from the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

last, I believe, application of fertilizer for the year. Is that right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:44]

For the growing season, yes. The last application of fertilizer, you will do after your soil test, and you won't see results until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

it gets warm. So okay. Well, hold up. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

have enough fertilizer in the garage right now for one more round. You're telling me I need to order additional fertilizer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

No. I told you to go check out the clearance rack Oh, that's of something high in nitrogen. Okay. That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

because That's right. It's really just to kick off the grass in the spring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Just get it growing before you actually spend money on the good stuff. Could I could I just put it down in early spring? Would that be okay?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

I mean, at that point, then the ground's frozen. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

Okay. What you say makes sense. So I need to, like, physically go to a Lowe's and look at the clearance rack?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

Yes. Alright. Would you do me a favor? When you physically go to the Lowe's and look at the clearance rack, would you text me so I know that it's time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

What do you have the the soil test on your calendar somewhere?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

I I think we added it, didn't we? I I don't know. It's like the week of Thanksgiving. You're gonna need to do a soil test.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Oh, is it? I thought we moved that out to the spring. I can't figure this out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

This Okay. This we don't need to flush this out on air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

I I think the best thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

that we should do at this point, John, is you create an app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

and send me a notification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

automatically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

when I need to do this. That that's that's really I could probably just build that out with Zapier or something. There you go. So for what it's worth, the only the only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

event that I have in my calendar for November

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

that, is irregular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

is the Nintendo Switch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

online renewal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

So I think that's for my online Switch services.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:31]

Oh, $10 worth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

I think for family members like, for the family plan, it's a little more than that. But Oh. I was looking Guess I haven't had to deal with that. I was looking the Xbox Gold subscription,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

which I've gotta deal with next. I think that's the November.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

And I I was thinking about this, like, it might be worth going up to what what is it? The premium plus super duper that you got?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

I don't know. I just got the game pass version. Yeah. Whatever that is. Maybe that would be worth doing over the winter, you know, because I'm gonna be locked inside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

Nothing to do. Yep. No lawn care.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

Probably. And then you can cancel your preorder of Halo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

I think I it's included. Oh, really? I think I already canceled that, actually. Like, when when the preorder is more than a year out, that's too long for me. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

And so I I was I'll just come back to it. So So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

this week, there is a Hot Wheels racing game that is being released.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

I don't think it's included with Game Pass, but I am seriously contemplating purchasing that game. What? Why? Okay. Why? Why?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:37]

Because it's a racing game on Hot Wheels tracks, and they have, a track builder where you can build your own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

Okay. I could see how that'd be cool. I could see how that'd be cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

Have you played any of the LEGO games, like LEGO Star Wars or anything like that? I I think I played one on the iPad once, like, very briefly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

I don't think I've done anything serious. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

have you? I mean, is this like a thing you're into now? So I I have not, but they always get good reviews and like people think they're fun and they love Legos. Yeah. They get fantastic. They get fantastic reviews. Well, I do. That's true. I I like Star Wars. I like Legos. You know what I don't like? I don't like the cartoon Star Wars LEGOs, like movies episodes where they are. I can't stand them. I find them absolutely irritating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

So Fair enough. Yeah. What are gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

Alright. So we'll keep playing Overwatch in the meantime. Yeah. Like, I I don't say, I I how long will we be playing Overwatch? Pretty much nonstop. It's gotta be closing in on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

nine months, ten months. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

So I'm due to play with the lemon children again. You are due. You are due. Yeah. They gotta learn how to not use the Nintendo time before mister Kolmeier is available.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

That's that's really what it comes down to. So Well, I'll count on Lucy because she will actually want to do that rather than play Minecraft. There you go. Yeah. That's that's fair. Fair. So I am drinking my Bells Official. You put this down. You want to ask about it and how it turned out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:03]

That's right. So last week, it was you had only kegged it, like, twenty four hours earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

Yep. And the problem was it was under carbonated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

and I would say that it's over carbonated now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:15]

So this is just your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

your keg management

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

skills have need more practice? I think so. So the the kegging in the the liquid itself is spot on. It's where it needs to be. The problem is it comes out with such a massive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

head on the beer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

like, it's it's just slow going. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

I'm I think what what I left it at, I think, 20 PSI over my vacation, which was four days. It was probably longer than I would have left it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Yep. So I this this evening, I let out a whole bunch of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

c o two from from the canister.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

I've also lowered the PSI as of last night, so it should be coming down. It's just a matter of, like, how how patient I'm gonna be, and I'm not going to be very patient because it's not our role. No. Especially when it comes to your own keg beer. No. It's yeah. Like, that's I don't know what it is. It's just my vice, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

I I love keg beer, and here I am. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

but it's I I I can't remember. Did I report on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

the taste test last week?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

I believe so. Okay. It came it came out pretty good. So I'm still pleased, still happy. I'm pretty sure we did that on air, didn't we? I don't know. It's so hard to tell. My on air life and off air life kind of blend together. Yeah. Well, mine too. But really, I only talk to you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

Alright. How's my how's my video tonight? Is this okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

Yes. It looks much better than it has in the past. Oh, well, that would be because of my new handy dandy not mesh router.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:51]

So it was your fault, not mine. Usually, it's me that we blame. Well, I mean, I'm sure it was your fault at some point, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

Probably before I switched over Internet service providers. Yeah. Back when you were on the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

the gerbil thing. Yeah. Yeah. So I I am today supporting a TP Link a x 6,600

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

Wi Fi six router, also known as the Archer a x 90.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

Which you will link me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

Yeah. I will. This is a tri band gigabit wireless Internet router.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

Tri band? Yeah. So my last one was tri band two. That in and of itself is not, like, crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

it's just more horsepower. So I my previous router was only two years old. I am a firm believer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

that everyone should replace their router as often as they replace their cell phones. Unless you're John Kolmeyer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

then you should replace your router more often.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

Hey. I haven't had any issues with the Eero mesh system. Well, how old is the Eero?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

So probably going on three or four years now. No way. Are you kidding me? Yeah. How long have been doing podcast? In the house?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

I don't know. How long have we been doing the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

Maybe I don't know. I think your your sense of warped.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

Eru.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:11]

So, basically, what I have done now is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

okay. So I got a 01/09/2020

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

is when we talked about it. Alright. So that would be an hour or excuse me, a year and just about ten months for those keeping home keeping track at home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

So I got that in 2020. 2020 just seemed like it was three years long. Oh, it's such a hot mess. Like, who remembers 2020? Right? But And we talked about that on January 9 along with Manhattan's Mac Mini

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

and yeah. Oh, I'm thinking about buying one of those too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

Nice. The Euro, I would expect to last a little bit longer, I think, because a single unit is doing less. I I bet they're not real hot to the touch when you touch them. Right. Yeah. So now contrast that with a single unit router. Right? And they're usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

uncomfortably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

warm. You know? Yeah. And I I think that's one of the advantages of mesh. There's just a whole at least I've had a whole bunch of downsides to mesh in terms of getting all my stuff to work

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

reliably, connecting in the right place. It's just frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

I've had a very good experience with TP Link. I almost went with TP Link Deco, which is their mesh product. I came so close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

I would not be shocked. Maybe next year. Yeah. I know. Right? That that was exactly what I was gonna say. I would not be shocked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

if that is in my future, but there's also they've got a one mesh product that this unit will work with. So all this to say, the thing I was gutting for was Wi Fi six,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

and and all of the goodness that comes with being able to to just put more devices on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

these radio bands that were probably never intended to have as many things on them as we have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

Right. Do you know, John, off the top of your head, how many devices do you have on your wireless Internet right now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

I do not because I left my phone upstairs where I could tap into the Eero app. But your thing would tell you that. Right? Do you like, if you were to ballpark, what do you think it would be?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

Thinking about it too hard, man. You're thinking way too hard about it. My guess would be around 30 probably. 30? Okay. That's actually more than I would have guessed for you. I have 39 active devices at the moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

The girls happen to all be gone right now. So normally, it's like 46

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

or something when everything clicks on. There's probably a light bulb that's been turned off that shouldn't be turned off or a garage door opener not responding, something like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

but, usually 46. And 40 seems to be a magical threshold. If you have 40 devices or more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

there is a chance that your router is just not cut out for it unless you bought it recently. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

Fair enough. That's what I've learned. I I will also say that I think the older generation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

iMac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

just has a trashy wireless card in it. I I really I think that's also part of the problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

I can see it. Yeah. That's the that's the device that I have the most trouble with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

that has kinda driven me to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

this very emotional state that I find myself in these days. But, I should I should back up. I went and I got what I believe is the wire cutter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

recommended

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

mesh network, which is not Eero, I'm sad to say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

It is the Asus Zen Wi Fi a x 6,600

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

tri band mesh Wi Fi six system x t eight two pack. Whole home coverage up to 5,500

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

square feet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Bottom line is it's it's Asus. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

And we need better marketing people Oh. And product namings of routers. Oh, yeah. Across the board. Like, they are all bad. They're all bad. Eero actually, like, makes a a certain amount of sense. I think they really just sell two different kinds, and then it's a matter of, like, how many units you buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

With this ASUS Zen Wi Fi,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

the first one just straight up did not work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

And, I couldn't get the second node to to connect. We returned it. They sent us a new one, and then I I couldn't get my HomePods to connect. And my HomePods are pretty important. Like, that's a critical part of my like, I'm willing to sacrifice some things, but not the HomePods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

You talk to your children more through the HomePod intercom than you do in person. Not true. Not true. Not true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

Golly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

But they they are they're pretty fundamental. The kids set their toothbrushing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

timers on them. They use them for alarms of various sorts. We do use the intercom functionality quite a bit. I use it for music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

I use it to control,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

you know, lights and other things in the house. So they they get they get a lot of traction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

I'm a big HomePod fan at this point. In fact, I think you are as well. Right? I am. Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

I was not willing to leave three HomePod minis behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

just not gonna do it. So, you know, they went back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

That's weird. It was the Netgear Orbi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

that I tried before, which I'm pretty sure That was was terrible. Yeah. That was bad. I'm pretty sure that was the wire cutter recommendation before that though, and the problem there was my Sonos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

would not work. And you really hated, like, how hard it was to set up. Yeah. It was it was difficult. That's one of other things I was gonna say about the Asus. Asus really just has a very dated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

mobile experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

and and their their web product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

the graphical user interface for it is straight out of the late nineties, maybe early aughts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

Yeah. It's it's just not great. Right? Like, when you outsource this stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

you're gonna wind up with a subpar product. Now you can try to set with TP Link.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

TP Link has a weird name. Right? Like, TP toilet paper. Like, is that really where you wanna go? But despite that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

they have a pretty slick app. It's pretty clean, and the web interface is consistent with the app. That's the other thing that Asus does not have a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

track record for the the consistency between app and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

web interfaces night and day. Things are not in the same place. You gotta think about things differently. It's just it's just not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

So I've not had any problems since being back. I do have one inexplainable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

issue with my Synology that I don't think is related to my WiFi. It just happened to crop up around the same time. It just Another piece of tech that you have had hit or miss success with. Yeah. I think as far as the Synology itself goes, it works great. It I'm getting disconnects

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

from my laptop in the dead of night,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

and I think that the Synology might actually be shutting down and starting back up even though it's configured not to do that anymore. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

just it's just difficult, John. I think Yep. All all of this has me convinced, first of all, that most people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

probably don't need mesh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

Even, like, most people don't need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

power

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

the, like, the level of power that the router I got has. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

One, because your Internet connection's not that fast. And two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

I you're just you're you're not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

you don't have a big enough space. Like, there's just there's a bunch of factors like that. I just don't think most people need it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

I don't think anybody needs a NAS anymore if you're just doing backup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Right. So if you're just doing backup, pay the what? $60 a year or whatever it is for a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Backblaze subscription and move on with your life. You'll be happier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

And I'm I'm definitely considering that, John. I've definitely been considering that. So here's the deal, Stan. I think that most people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:52]

the built in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:53]

modem router

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:55]

combined unit that their ISP gives them. Oh, say it ain't so. Say it ain't so. And then holds on to it for seven years, and then they wonder why their Internet speeds are bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:04]

And secondly, I don't think most people back up any of their stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

I hope that's true, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

Continuing on, are you ready

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

to talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

the iPhone? Have you have you ordered an iPhone, John? I have not ordered an iPhone. Are you any closer to deciding that you're gonna order an iPhone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

No. In fact, I haven't really thought about it since we last talked about this on the podcast. Alright. So you've gone nowhere with your phone, is what you mean? Correct. I'm gonna show you people can look this up on the Internet, but I'm gonna just show you the difference in size between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

the Pro Max

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

and the Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Do you see it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:48]

So It's negligible. A huge

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

difference Nope. It's really not. On the width. So, like, the width makes sense and then it's what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

It's not even half an inch taller. No. It's not half an inch, but it's it's a I mean, it it's it's a click. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

it's yeah. It's just enough bigger, I think, to justify this, you know, increased battery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

but that's that's that. I will say it fits in my hand just fine, and thus far,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

I like the increased size.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

So And they've moved everything to the bottom right hand corner, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

makes it easier to use a bigger phone. Yeah. It it definitely does. They've definitely been thinking about that. Right? Like, it's optimized for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

the screen real estate that you have. I think the the clearest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

example of that, right, is the changes to Safari with the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

address bar at the bottom. You can swipe back and forth. Like, it all just all just makes sense. What I wanna know is how come they don't align

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:45]

your open tabs on the open tab screen to the bottom right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

Oh, that's a great question. This could just be the evolution

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

of the whole thing. Right? Like, I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

if you look at the way like, things are still oriented to the top from from a bygone era.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

I would imagine that, you know, this is a this is a playground for Apple by putting that address bar down there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

figuring out, like, you know, what was the long term strategy for app development?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

Navigation primary navigation's been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

sort of at the bottom, like, if you're using the tab bar controls in your app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

But a lot of people have done things up top left or up top right. You know, you think about the what do they call it? The hamburger menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

And a lot of that can be worked around through gestures,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

but I I do think we could be inching towards a world where things are anchored at the bottom, and I don't think that would be bad, honestly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

Yeah. So I think that the first iteration of this, probably five years old at this point, is they had, like, big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

call to action type things in the bottom right hand corner. You see that with, like, the help button or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

chats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

or call us buttons and things like that that are kind of floating at the bottom right hand corner. Yeah. You're now you're referencing, I think, largely to websites. Right? So, like Yeah. If I go to, I think, I mean, att.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

or even the Amazon help page, you get that little bubble assuming that you don't have an ad blocker that removes it, which is a different thing. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

the the thing that I keep wondering at is when does the scrolling direction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

of your content fundamentally change?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

When do you start at the bottom of page

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

and then scroll up to find the things that you want?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

You know? So that we basically apart

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

from text, obviously, and this is probably why we don't do it, you would, you know, start at the bottom and then work your way up because that's where your thumb control is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

I don't know. I would imagine that what will probably happen long term is is maybe not that, but to scroll past the top of a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

There's a control right now, and I haven't actually figured out how to consistently get it. But I used to have on the the home button, you could, like, double tap and it would slide halfway down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

Right. And there is some kind of similar behavior on the little drag bar on the bottom, but I can't I don't know what it is. I can't reliably do it. I only do it in an accident, which is probably the problem with that UI construct in the first place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

Yeah. I don't know. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

in our lifetime, we will not see a fundamental change for how we move through content because English is based off starting at the top left

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

in all forms of text.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

But how many people read?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

I think that a lot of people still read. I don't know. I don't believe people read anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

What I mean What I imagine they're reading BuzzFeed, but Yeah. They're reading BuzzFeed. I still read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

I imagined content stacked like cards

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

that are pinned to the bottom, and you swipe them, like, probably with your thumb up out of the way. Right? And so the extent of your written

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

information

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

will have to fit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

basically, there's a caption below whatever image is on that card. That's that's where I believe the picture I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

think we see some of that already

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:06]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

different ways that you can view

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

your content.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

So, like, maybe Apple Music is the best with the cover flow and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

And you can, like, choose

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

what view you want

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

your results to be at. And I think cards are becoming more and more prevalent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

yeah. Cards are still anchored at the top though, and that's that's maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

that's maybe what I expect will change.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

Right? So here's the thing that I think you and I want.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

We want

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

to be able to customize where our stuff is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

And we saw this in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

a project we worked on way back in the day that was ahead of its time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

Oh, my my h t? My h t. Can you like, I think that the next iteration of my h t would have been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

basically what you're describing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

Cards, stacking cards. Cards and stacking cards and moving them around where you want them ordered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

I would love to see something like this in the news app

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

because I think the news app is kind of clunky and really it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

they want me to read certain things rather than me trying to find what I wanna read. Yeah. The news app is a terrible experience. Before we get there, though so for those who are listening at home and are like, what the heck is my h t? John and I worked on a website for a nonprofit called Higher Things. It was a Lutheran youth organization.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

Now I think it's just a Christian youth organization.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

they we had a a bunch of content that we streamed onto a page, and we provided an interface where users could log in and then customize the location of each of these and and drag around and reposition them. I I can't remember if we got to the point where we could add custom ones or or remove them or what all we allowed there. We had, like, collapsible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:54]

You could click on the title and collapse them and things like that. It Basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

It was like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

fancier version of iGoogle, if you remember iGoogle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

It wasn't fancier. I'm not sure I would have been that bold, but we'll go with it. So The way the interface was fancier than iGoogle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

iGoogle had more API connection type stuff going on than we would have. So I think that the general idea, right, was to customize the delivery of your content. This was pre mobile.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

Right? Like, mobile phones I don't know that the iPhone had dropped yet, actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

If it had Probably not. This would have been a year or two before the iPhone was announced. Yeah. It was it was pretty early on, and I don't know that we got the kind of traction, plus it was a pain to update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

JavaScript was slow and clunky in the browser back then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

But suffice to say, like, that was that was a way of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

of con you know, customize your content. I think you're right. You know, looking at now fast forwarding to news,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

I open up the news app. First of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

almost never is the featured article what I want to see. So they have really done a lousy job, in my opinion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

of identifying the right algorithm, especially because I tell them what I wanna follow. Right? And and I can scroll,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

I don't know, probably halfway through this app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

and most of these are sources that I am not following. Like, People Magazine right now is listed as a trending story for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

I'm sure it's trending in the world. Why do I care? I don't wanna follow People Magazine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

if I scroll up a little bit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

what's another good example?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

Well, let's use this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

No. Not like I do that. That's that's too bad. I've I've had for whatever reason, I I read a lot of sports. For whatever reason, the Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

has been, like, pushed onto my news page

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

consistently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

I have no idea why. I don't know what I did. Maybe I tapped on an accident once. I had I have no idea. I because I don't think I've looked at it as far as I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Maybe there was a maybe there was a football article in it that I clicked on somewhere else. I who knows? So wouldn't that issue be, like, three months old at this point? It is. That's what's driving me nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

Right? Like, it's not what they show you this month. Yeah. That's what I want. Like, some things have happened in sports that are far more interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

to me than whatever was in that issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

Yeah. And so I don't know, you know, and like Gizmodo. Here's another one. I don't like, Gizmodo is evil. I don't wanna read anything from Gizmodo. Why is it popping up? You know? I I've never clicked on a Fox News link once in my life, and yet here it is. It's popping up again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

So I I just I don't get it. I really don't. Like, I can see if they have a section for trending stories or something like that, but it doesn't need to be as prominent. And, like, the top stories

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

should be ones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

that I care about. Yeah. Yeah. I totally agree. And even trending stories, think, could be somewhat slanted towards the things that I am interested in or following. Like, here's here's a cross section of what's trending and what I'm interested. But like right now, I scroll down, I got a whole section on celebrity news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

But apart from Britney Spears and the Free Britney movement, I don't care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

Right? But yet, I scroll down, and the top article is Billie Eilish. Am I saying her name right? Billie Eilish? Eilish? Eilish? We'll go to Eilish. Billie Eilish doesn't care what you think, and we don't care about her either. Oh, you got it too. See, it's not even custom between us. It's not even customized. So first of all, I don't like I don't like her music at all. Like and I I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

what she thinks. There was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

was it Disney or was it Apple TV that put out some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:38]

some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

I don't even know if it was a documentary or what, but I've seen your name on some streaming service recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Filed clearly in the category of things I don't care about. Right. Right? Now I have So the next one looked up Next one, I have a people I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:55]

have a people article about people that I've never heard of.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

Lena Dunham, married musician, Louis Felber.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

Yeah. Don't I don't know who they are. I have no idea who they are.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:06]

Matt Damon, I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

Oh, yeah. He's too down in the in a GQ article. There's GQ. Right? There's some classy news. That's what I want. Yeah. So funny GQ.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

Not gonna read Vanity Fair. Not gonna read People. Yeah. But here it is as the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

third main section. And, like, I've got The Wall Street Journal. I've got LA Times. Like, these are these are publications you've read. Is if I go to the news plus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

section

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:30]

and actually click on a newspaper,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

like, then I can pick and choose what I actually wanna read from Wall Street Journal or LA Times or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

When you're when you're on the news plus section, do you you have to swipe right to get to the newspapers, though, don't you? Yeah. It defaults to magazines. My magazines downloaded newspapers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

catalog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

Totally backwards. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

And download also doesn't need to be the full width button.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

Right. Like, this this app this app is just in such dire need of help.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

I I don't know. It's it's too busy. It's unclear, like, what I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

want to look at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

And again, like, for me, I'd like I'd like just a high level overview of the world news, and then I want the latest updates on the Free Britney movement, and that's it. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:17]

Did my magazines not even sync between devices?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:21]

Setting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

It should have synced. Yeah. I bet it did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

So I like went through all the magazines and I clicked on ones that I thought would be interesting. Oh, see. So there's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

And then do you get all the push notifications? It's like there's a new issue of Sports Illustrated. I do not have push notifications turned on. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

just like it's overwhelming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

In fact, I would say that notification spam, the leading culprit, at least on my devices, is probably the news app. Right? Because you follow something new and immediately option into subscriptions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

I followed Vox the other day because it's like, you know, generally, I like their long long form stuff. Next thing I know, I'm getting pushed notifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

all the time from Vox. It's like, first of I don't care. Right? Yep. Like, whatever the article is, I almost certainly don't care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

just John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

I I need a good news app. What was the one do you remember what it was before it was before Flipboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

Before Flipboard? Yeah. Remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

it. Mark was real big into it. There was a there was an app. I think actually Flipboard bought them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

and just a really great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

you know, algorithm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

for aggregating news,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

and and they were they were excellent. But like like so many things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

Zite. That's what I was thinking of. Oh, yeah. Zite was a great little app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

that gave me what I wanted when I wanted it. Right? And Flipboard killed them. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:43]

Flipboard was, that one app that everybody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:46]

downloaded

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

when they first got their iPad just to showcase, like, the cool technology that iPad could do. Well, yeah. But in the end, it didn't do what it set out to do, really. Like, I didn't consume more news. It was just cool to watch it flip through. And and I actually I mean, I guess this this is a company that still exists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

I I don't I know I don't have Flipboard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

on my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

on my iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:12]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

Maybe we should see what it's like today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:16]

Yeah. I'm not no. I'm good. It's probably like probably like an $80 yearly subscription now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

the the news app that I like, and I actually don't have it installed right now because I'm trying to read less news, is Axios. Good for you. Yeah. It is good for me. The thing I like about Axios is, like, it's it's generally pretty clear for me to find what I want, and there are good synopsis articles that allow me to drill in if I if I need to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

I prefer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

that method of consumption.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

The problem is the net of Axios in terms of news that it it gathers up is not big enough for me. Right? So it tends to be kind of DC oriented,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

and and I wanna know a little bit more what's going on in the world and all that other stuff. So, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Alright. Who would have thought we would talk about news? Nope. Not me. And this saves this saves my favorite talk back of values for next week, doesn't it, John? There you go. Maybe you'll get the blog post posted before then. Oh, am I supposed to post my values as a blog post? You know, I thought that's what you sent me, but No. No. No. I sent you the articulation of my values.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:22]

Well, looked like an article, Stan. Well, it's because I provided explanations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

Alright. We'll we'll save values for next time, and we'll go deep and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

and have a lovely conversation about how we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

prioritize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

things in our life. Right? That's think that's something to look forward to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

if you've managed to hang along this long in the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

Right. Alright, John. Until next time, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:49]

Until next time. Enjoy your beer. Oh, I will. All

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

seven inches of foam on the top. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go get a vaccine.

