---
title: Grab Some Fun Dip and Listen In
episode: 123
date: '2021-02-25T14:48:18.000Z'
slug: grab-some-fun-dip-and-listen-in/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

So, Stan, when was the last time you had fun dip?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

last time I had fun dip?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

man. I mean, years. Now Like middle school?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

No. No. No. It's been more recent than that, but the the kids have had it more recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Usually, though, it's either around Easter or Halloween.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

What So one of the perks of being married to a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

elementary school teacher is they have friendship parties around Valentine's Day. And all the kids bring treats and Valentine's and stuff like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

and I get to enjoy the spoils.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

And this cherry fun dip wasn't bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

Okay. Alright. Let me let me just pick up real quick. Friendship parties? Is this what we call Valentine's Day parties now? Yes. It is. At least at the elementary school level. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

So at the elementary school level, do they no longer have Valentine's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

Like I don't believe so. So, like, the Cedar Rapids School District is kinda weird about holidays in general.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

I don't know. They're all kinda weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

So this this I have to ask, what did you do for Valentine's Day with missus Kolmeier if you're eating her fun dip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

right now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

She gave me the fun dip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

But for Valentine's Day, we actually celebrated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

on Valentine's Day with me grilling up some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

New York strip steaks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

Oh. Oh. Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

I can't remember. Is missus Kolmeyer a big steak aficionado?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

She enjoys steak, and she enjoys pretty much everything that I grill. So This is so random because we've we've recorded since Valentine's Day, but I don't think we talked about Valentine's Day. We didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

It's just we just breezed right past it. I think I I just had to pull up paprika to look and see what was on the meal plan. I made chili because it was a Sunday, and when it's cold outside on Sundays, I make chili regardless of whether it's football. But Or Valentine's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

Yeah. I guess. I don't think they did anything else. I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

should I be should I be embarrassed? Should I be ashamed?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:41]

Well, do you usually do something for missus Lemon for Valentine's Day? It's it's hit or miss, man. But in the in the past

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

Was it Valentine's Day where she got a piano the one year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

I don't And when did you buy the Saxonburg house? Was that a Valentine's gift? That yeah. That was. That was the second that was that was a Valentine's Day gift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

I remember though, in that moment, I said to I said to her, like, I am never going to beat this Valentine's Day, Jeff. And I think that's held true. I I really do. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

it it does dawn on me though that we used to watch a mob movie. That was like the thing we did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

Damn. On Valentine's Day. We definitely didn't do that this year. I don't know what we watched.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

It was it was probably more Lord of the Rings. I don't think we had finished it by that point. But So there was like a Chicago massacre on Valentine's Day, wasn't it? Yeah. The Valentine's Day massacre, which was like, we started it when we both lived in the Chicago land area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

We worked our way through, you know, Godfather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

Goodfellas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

all all classics. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:43]

Nice. And You haven't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

reactivated Netflix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

The Irishman is definitely worth a watch. It's very long, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

Is this a movie or a TV show? It's a movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

I'm I'm drawing a blank. What was the one with Tom Hanks, the the, like, mobster movie with Tom Hanks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

from a number of years You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

know I'm talking about? It was really good. Yeah. I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

Man, this is gonna kill me. That was that was one that stood out as as, like like, we would repeat. Right? So when we watch a mob movie, one of the questions is, do you watch it again? And obviously, Godfather one, Godfather two, you rewatch. Right? Because Right. Those never get old. Godfather three, like, it's a one and done kinda thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

And and this movie that I'm drawing a blank on, it's just killing me. And, of course, Tom Hanks has, like, a bajillion movies, so I can't even I can't even recall what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

Was one of those that I knew we'd come back to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

What is it called, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

It was actually filmed in the the town

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

next to my hometown. Though, I keep coming back to Perdition. Road to Perdition.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

There we go. Wow. Yeah. I think they they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

had a scene or something from Dundee then too. Yeah. They did a whole bunch of Chicagoland stuff because you've got like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

Chicago land area has these these cute,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

quaint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

downtown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

strips that are high and tall, and they're near a river, and you just get that, like, Chicago feel to them. I I it's it's hard to describe without showing a picture, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

definitely, Road to Perdition happened. That was a great movie. I I should watch that again. It's surprising that Looking to see if it's streaming anywhere. That movie's gotta be at least a year old or excuse me, a decade old at least now. Right? Yep. 02/2002.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

Oh, wow. Wow. That's it's almost two decades old. I that that I was I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

was in middle school

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

because I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

started high school in 02/2003. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

I don't I don't want don't wanna have this conversation, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

Oh, wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

How did we get on Valentine's Day? Oh, was the fun dip. Because the fun dip. Now are you are you normally a candy guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

Not generally. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

I have a soft spot for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

most chocolate candy bars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

Okay. But Fun Dip is not in the chocolate category at all. It is not, but it was nostalgia.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

Like, when I was in middle school going to skating rinks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:14]

and you could go get these with tickets or something from the arcade games. Okay. Alright. Moment of truth right here on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

Have you ever snorted fun

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

I have not. Okay. Well I have shotgun to Mountain Dew, but never snorted fun. The night is young, John. The night is young. Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

It's all gone, Stan. It's all gone. Except for the stick. Well, you can do it with the stick too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

But that that doesn't a plus. Down. Oh, my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

Alright. So I I did have a question. It was top of mind for me coming into this episode. What happened to the b roll? I I was expecting you to release the b roll. So I was waiting for somebody to actually care about the b roll, but it sounds like you're the only one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

Maybe. I felt like it was it was high quality dialogue. Alright. So the b roll weather

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:02]

stuff. Here here's my prediction. You need to you need to request it, and I'll release it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

It just doesn't have it doesn't have a clean ending. It doesn't. And that's part of the reason to b roll. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

so when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

when I was a youngster, I was really into Tupac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

Right? And then Tupac died.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

And it turned out that there were a bunch of hidden tapes for Tupac. Right? And there's been a constant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

like, just cycle of music. And some of it's been rinsed and repeated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

like, remixed. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

So here here's the thing. I we're not gonna release the b roll.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

The b roll is part of Life with a Twist of Lemons hidden tapes. When this podcast is long and gone and we are dead,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

you can someone someone Lucy Lucy will release. Lucy will release. It's in it's in iCloud. The b roll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

I affectionately titled Winter is Here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

I got we got a message from the venerable Mark Buteau, your father-in-law, a listener to the show, who I think we know every week when he listens because he is one of a series of listeners that texts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

as soon as he listens

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

to let us know exactly what he he's the only one who live texts us both.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

Okay. Joe Taylor occasionally will fall into that trap, but apparently, he's usually in the shower when he listens anyway. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

I get live texts from a few people, which is why it's an interesting experience, right, to, like, get because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

nine times out of 10, they don't set up what is happening, and I have to, like, put tune together. Oh, it is Thursday after 10:00.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

They've listened to the show or whatever. Right? Right. But but Mark

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

gave this assessment of the podcast. I thought this is very astute. He said, I think I finally figured out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

that the podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

is supposed to be a conversation by the three of us, meaning you, me, and him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

Right. Where I don't get to interrupt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

And I I had to write it down because I thought to myself, like, every time the three of us are together, that's basically him. Right? Like, he summarized himself perfectly to a t.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

And so, Mark, if you're listening, you're absolutely correct. That's exactly why the podcast exists.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

I feel like I had a witty response to that, but I don't remember what it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

It it was it wasn't good enough for me to capture it in the notes, so I don't know what to tell you, John. It keeps it keeps it coalmire friendly?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

dude, coalmire's in the room.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

I don't know if that still holds true now that I married his daughter. No. No. It doesn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

I haven't talked to you in the course of the weekend because I was doing my taxes this weekend. And I was curious, you usually get your taxes done before me. Are you are you done?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

I am done. I did get them done before you, but only by a couple of days. Oh, okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

Well, in my defense, was waiting for E Trade to to give me a couple of forms. Yeah. I had to wait for a Robinhood form this year. Oh, look at you. So in the past, you've been done on, like, January 16.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

No. Definitely not. I think the earliest was January 31. Okay. Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

And that was once. Usually, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

early February sometime. Alright. So I still I still lost. As

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

as I get older,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

my taxes get more involved. I have to wait for more forms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

So Are you are you using TurboTax this year? What are you doing? I use TaxAct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

TaxAct. Okay. Like to keep it local to the Cedar Rapids area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

How wait. TaxAct is in Cedar Rapids? Yes. It is. Okay. Before you use TaxAct, did you use TurboTax?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

I did use TurboTax

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:46]

maybe two years when I was filing my own taxes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

Okay. So how do like, how do they compare? I've never used tax act. I've in fact, TurboTax congratulated me this year for using, like, the last 10 or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

Pretty much similar. Pretty much identical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

Okay. Well, that that's uneventful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:09]

I imagine there's something in the logic that differentiates them or something, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

it could just be price now too, and so Yeah. It's probably just a different tax or a stock ticker rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

Alright. I I had a little bit of a jarring experience this time around. I always owe. I mean, in the last probably fifteen years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

I've gotten a refund maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

twice, definitely once, but maybe twice. And we're talking like a $100, you know, a 120 This bucks kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

year though, I I slated to get a refund that's like 4 figures, and I was a little shocked by it. What did you mess up? I don't That would've been my first question. Well, yeah. That so that's the thing. So so here's the thing. I completed all my forms

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

on the weekend, and I went over them again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

and then I went over them a third time. Right? Yep. So I've looked at everything three times. I've double checked all of my entries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

I've I've, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

I I've consternated over this probably more than I should. Probably more than it's healthy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

I can't find anything that's wrong,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

but I don't know what changed. And that now, I I did change

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

my my withdrawal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

deductions on what is it? The w four. I don't I I don't know what the form is. Right. I changed those, but that's not like that's not like 4 figures worth of changes right there. You know what I'm saying? Over twelve months? I didn't do it all twelve months. It's the thing. Oh. I I made this correction in, like, July.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

I I it just I don't know, man. So, like, historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

income is kind of variable based on cashing out stock grants. Right? Yeah. Yeah. There there's there's a variable factor there. I don't think that played in because I didn't sell anything. So I I didn't sell anything this last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:58]

And maybe that's maybe that's it. That's where it is. I guess. I don't know. But here so here's the thing. I've been I've been, like, stressing about this, and I just wanna say upfront here, for the record on the podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

for when I go to jail

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

I didn't mean to do it. Don't you doesn't TurboTax give

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

you, like, audit protection or something? Oh, yeah. But have you have you ever it does. It does. And I clicked I clicked to, like, the fine print. Right? And I read through the fine print, and basically, it's like, you're just throwing away money, because you could still go to jail. Because when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

everything hits the fan, TurboTax is like, not it. Not my fault. So just for the record Definitely gonna be flagged though. Oh, it's it's it's gotta happen. It's gotta happen. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

So so just for the record on this podcast, I want everyone who's listening to know, I didn't mean it. I'm sorry. I don't know what I did wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

I don't want the money. Right? I don't know how to get out of this trouble, but but please just believe me. I'm very sorry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

while you're in prison, you're gonna have to write things out, and then Mark Buteau will have to read them on the podcast. Oh, my gosh. Like, I could write something without him giving his 2¢. I was I was gonna ask, do you think it's possible to podcast from jail?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

I kinda doubt it. I don't I don't know, man. Like, what's what's his name? The personal lawyer of of Donald Trump. He's got a podcast. Isn't he in jail?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

I have no idea. I we should investigate this. I don't really wanna find out, like, from firsthand experience, but but I I would be curious, like, can you podcast from jail?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

They got phones. Interesting. At the very least, could call you. That's true. We could Skype record. No. No. No. It's a pay phone, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

Well, you could call a Skype number.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

Oh, there we go. Alright. Alright. We gotta blame. Voice. We gotta blame. Oh, my lord. Now, my daughter's gonna listen to this and be worried that her daddy's going to jail. I really don't know what to do, though. It's It's hard for life. I think what to close this out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

every year, I've tried to figure out how to minimize the amount that I owe at the end of the year. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

And and no matter what I do, I can't seem to get that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

like, to a predict like, what I want is zero. Right? I want I want to not owe anything. I don't wanna get anything back. I just wanna continue life normally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

No matter what I do, and I've been I've been working on this for a long time, I can't get it to zero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

apparently, I overcorrected. That's what I'm that's what I'm going with right now again until I go to jail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

I why does this have to be so hard, man? Like, it's so stressful. It's There was a podcast episode about this. Was it Freakonomics,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

or was it 99

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:30]

Invisible?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

Some show that you listened to where they talked about how, like, other countries just send you a form with, hey, these are your taxes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

instead of playing this guessing game when the IRS already knows what you owe. Planet Money. It was a Planet Money episode. Yeah. I I long for that. I long for a system

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

that doesn't make me nervous. Like, it Yeah. I've I've never filled out my tax forms and not been stressed about it. Now granted, I I do stress less than when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

I was running my own business. Like, this is definitely less But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

but only marginally so at the particular moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

He'll be fine, Stan. I hope so. Yeah. If not, John, listen, it's been great, man. I I really want you to know. I appreciate you as a friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

I I set a I set a New Year's resolution goal to brew beer with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

I if if I'm going to jail, you're gonna have to come down here so we can do that before I go. You might have to bottle yourself, but but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

Sounds good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

In other news Alright. You've been wanting to talk about Tender Shack, and I don't even know what this is. Oh, yes. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

the DoorDash strikes again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

So a while ago, we talked about It's Just Wings, which I randomly found from an ad that is DoorDash only,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:52]

and it works out of, like, Chili's kitchens or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:56]

So now enters the scene Tender Shack, which is literally like a chicken tender place,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

and they work out of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

Outback Steakhouse's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:07]

kitchens,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

but also DoorDash only.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

So I had to try it one of the nights when Anna was staying at school late,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

and I was left to fend for myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

And I gotta say, it was actually pretty darn good. Okay. Tell me what you got because I'm I'm just looking at this, and I see couple featured items.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

Dang So I got seasoned tenders combo. Did you get that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

So I got the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

Nashville hot chicken one. Okay. That was gonna be my second guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

So this looks to me like it's french fries, chicken tenders, and is that room a lot of sauce?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

There's all sorts of different sauces. Alright. Which sauce did you get?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

So I got whatever the Tender Shack sauce is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

That I'm betting that's a room a lot of some sort. That looks like it's mayo based,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

just from the pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

I love this. This is Nashville hot AF tenders combo, and we're we're we're maintaining our clean rating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

Yeah. On

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

No. It literally says AF. Lucy. I can't even imagine what my what what's my mother gonna look like? She's gonna be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

she's gonna look at this. She's gonna order on DoorDash and be like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

what's Nashville hot a f tenders combo?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

You know? Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

That is a lie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

No. My mom If you want real Nashville hot chicken,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

go to Nashville,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

stop at Hattie B's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

and get like the second hottest level. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

How did this compare to Hattie B's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:39]

Not even in the same ballpark. So I have had Nashville chicken

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

in three states,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

nothing compares to what you actually get in Nashville. Hold up. How do you have Nashville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

hot chicken outside of Tennessee?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:56]

So Louisville, I thought, was a reasonable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

place to get it due to close proximity to Nashville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

Alright. But that was bad. By by that logic, Indiana's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

just as close. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

Well, not just as close. You know what I mean. Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

it like, I I guess what I'm trying to get at is, am I going to get something different here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

than if I go to, like, Burger King or McDonald's and I get the buttermilk chicken wings and put a little black pepper on it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:25]

So I thought that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

these were definitely better. I haven't had McDonald's recently, and I know they change the recipe every

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

three months or years or whatever. But Well, to be clear, I'm not asking about the chicken nuggets. Like, they've got the buttermilk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

tenders. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

Okay. Alright. Alright. I just wanna make sure we're on the same page. We are. I just haven't had them I haven't had McDonald's recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

Alright. Well, I mean, to each his own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

Hatty bees, like, I mean, are we within shooting range of Hatty bees? Absolutely not. Okay. It's not even close then. Was it worth the because it looked to me like there's a $10

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

order.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

Yep. Was it worth $10?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

Probably not. Oh. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

what drink did you get? I should have asked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

Doctor Pepper? That's the only right answer. Good answer. Good answer. Okay. And I did get the cookie so that I could get free shipping. And with the cookie, it was less with than if I was paying for shipping. Okay. And the cookie was very good. This is a chocolate chip cookie?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

No. It's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

what is it? I'm scrolling. Menu? I'm trying to find it. I am I'm looking for it. Oh, here we go. All it says is dang good cookie. Don't overthink it. It's got, like, white

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

chocolate chunks and nuts in it or something. I'm telling you right now, I do not see white chocolate chunks in the picture, I don't maybe it's different where you're at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

Let me click on fries and desserts. Yeah. There's only one cookie on this menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

Were the fries that you got, were they seasoned or were they just straight up fries?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:55]

They were seasoned, and they were good. And they were still warm, which is saying a lot Wow. For a DoorDash delivery. Well, yeah. What temperatures that were you at?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

When I ordered, it wasn't as cold as had as it had been. So what, like, 10 degrees?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

Sure. Okay. Today, it was 60.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

Yeah, dude. Not 60.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

It actually got up to 52 here, and I I texted mister Taylor right away and said, hey, bring over a six pack. Let's porch sit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

So we we enjoyed yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

He did. We we enjoyed the sun. I had to clear off the the snow that had not melted from the deck first Yeah. But I did it, and we had a beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

So I'm not getting good vibes on the Tender Shack. To my surprise, when you first put this on the list, it was not something that would deliver to my house, which doesn't surprise me. But right now, it's telling me that I they will accept orders. Oh, John. There's a picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

with the white chocolate chunks. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

Well, that's really confusing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

But but apparently, can order this now. And are you telling me that I should try the Tender Shack or not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

So how much do you like chicken tenders?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

Glenn, I I don't know that you have to. I like all things fried chicken.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

really, the point of this was I think this is a really great pivot

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

these restaurants that aren't getting anybody to come in and sit down at their tables

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:21]

by partnering up with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:23]

these new agey food delivery systems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

Yeah. It's it's interesting. Right? There these restaurants are basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

outsourcing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

their kitchens and their chefs, really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

Yep. In creating alternative brands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

from a delivery perspective.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

Now, you don't do the DoorDash subscription service. Right? You don't DoorDash enough to get to No. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:44]

probably don't even use it once a month. Okay. We've started to use DoorDash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

more frequently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

If if you remember I don't know if you remember way back when, like, literally a year ago, I had a crisis of conscience about using DoorDash,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

and and I I don't have that anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

So we, like, you know, the littlest one wakes up, wants donuts. Okay. It feels like a donut day. You know, the donut fairy arrives. We're good. Or my son will literally, like, sell his soul to the devil for Burger King for whatever reason. You know, Lucy, right, she's willing to, like, auction off organs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

for Jersey Mike's now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

God bless the Italian sub.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

This this DoorDash subscription has gotten interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

though, because it actually will save me money if I continue to eat out or eat in, eat delivery, whatever. I don't even know what the term is at the same rate that I have been.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

All these places, like the It's Just Wings and this Tender Shack, they're all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

though, like, dollar delivery fees

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

as far as I can tell from a dashcam. A

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

minimum, which you won't have any trouble hitting if you're ordering two meals. Right. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

Or one meal apparently in a cookie is what I learned Yes. In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

I keep thinking to myself, like, it is literally been a year since I've eaten inside of a restaurant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

I'm trying to support local places besides chains like Burger King.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

But is this the is this the future? I think that's the question you were getting at. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:17]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

this is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

like, the whole society

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

is kinda going this way. I mean, people date by downloading an app now. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

I mean, I guess that's what they do. I listen, man. I've been married almost fifteen years. I don't know. Why are you asking me?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

Or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

they convince other people to vote for their candidate on Twitter and There you go. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

Right. Because that happens. I I think though the food thing so so here's here's my angle on it, which is gonna be a little different than yours because I have kids. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

It is stressful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

for me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

to get everybody together, to head out to a restaurant, to sit there for fifteen to thirty minutes waiting for food,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

and then sit for another fifteen minutes waiting for the bill. Right? And, like like, all those complexities

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

I I've just come to find that I actually like sitting at my dining room table more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

Right? And the the food that I'm interested in eating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

I think I would rather eat it more at my house

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

than I would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

in a restaurant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

I don't know that that's good for the restaurant industry though. And maybe that's just a kid thing. I don't know. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

Yeah. So I am,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

like, forever,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

what could you get delivered as far as food goes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

Pizza. Yeah. Sometimes Chinese. Right? Well and and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

Jimmy John's. Always Jimmy John's. And Jimmy John's. Yeah. Even on a bicycle if you ask.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

but that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

like, this really opens that up to everybody.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

But there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:58]

still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:58]

I don't know. So I'm kinda one who when I go out to eat, it's more of, like, an experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:06]

So I like to go to a nice place usually where I can get a flight of beer or something like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

which this doesn't really address that issue, but I'm not one who goes out because it's Tuesday or whatever. Sure. Sure. Yeah. And I I think there's still gonna be a place for that. Like, I long for that. You know, that's that's kind of the thing that missus Lemon and I would do probably once a month as like a date night. But there's a babysitter and there was like an added you know, there's a lot of other costs that factor in, and it was more about the experience and than the food, honestly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

Right. Because we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:40]

both you and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

can pretty much make something that we'll enjoy more than any restaurant can with a very few exceptions. Right. Yeah. No. I agree. Like, if Like, Mimi's probably makes better meatballs than us. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

Only because we haven't tried to make fancy meatballs. Right? But but no. That's true. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

yeah. I think I think you're right. Like, the the places that we target tend to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

specialized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

They have got a recipe that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

maybe we could reproduce, but I don't know that I wanna spend the time to try and figure it out. Right. And it's also not something that I have to have regularly enough that I want to try to reproduce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

But but all that aside, right, like, the the nice thing about Mimi's is is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

like, you've got food good food coming at you. It's a nice atmosphere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

For me, my kids are engaged the whole time, so it's it's Right. Like having a babysitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

but yeah. I I don't know, man. I I just keep thinking to myself about, like, what's gonna change here six months from now? All these pop up businesses, some of them are finally coming to my neck of the woods, which is crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

to your point, like, is this the future or not? I don't and I don't know. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

mostly okay if,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

a lot of my outdoor dining

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

converts to this. Right? Because I haven't had a good experience with Chili's in probably ten years. Sure. You know? I'm sorry, Chili's. I I I am, but your your service stinks, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

But that said, I got I got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

I think I got food from Chili's delivered at one point, and that was actually pleasant because, you know, I like the way they season their fries or whatever, but it's not it's not worth being in restaurants. So I I don't know. It's tough. But Tender Shack and no go is is what I'm what I'm hearing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

I mean, I'd try it, but I like chicken tenders. Okay. I just can't imagine going out of my way to order chicken tenders for delivery.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

You to be fair, the only reason I ordered from them is because it was new, and I wanted to try it out. And I saw that they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

were run out of whatever the parent company of Outback Steakhouse is. So maybe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

just maybe, we'll be able to order a blooming onion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

Oh. Oh. Now now we're talking. Now we're talking. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

this is this is gonna sound so weird. And if if you're embarrassed by me saying this, I I totally understand. I have had a killer craving for Olive Garden lately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

You said that. You've been talking about this for weeks now. Yeah. Well, they're not on DoorDash. They're not on, like, Grubhub or any of those services. Like, you gotta call directly to Olive Garden. And so so it's, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

I really like the convenience of the app with DoorDash, you know. I don't know if you really think about it. But the but the other problem that I've been having is I used to love the five cheese ziti

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

Olive Garden. Right? Because it it do do you remember why I liked the five cheese ziti?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

It was a Sopranos thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tony Gotta watch Sopranos again. But that involves a HBO Max subscription.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

Tony used to talk about ziti and his mother ziti. I like, oh, yeah. Yeah. I gotta I gotta have ziti. And so when we were watching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

The Sopranos as it was airing, I went into Olive Garden. I didn't even look at the menu. I just told the lady, like, if this is an actual Italian place, Tony says I should be able to get ziti.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

And she's like, well, we have one ziti dish on the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

And it's actually pretty good, you know, all things considered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

But but then so so that's my, like, a go to. But I actually like their chicken parm too, to be completely honest with you. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

then, that is a slippery slope because quite frankly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

the never ending pasta bowl was totally my jam.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:30]

And breadsticks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

Oh my gosh. Yeah. And So the the last time we were in an Olive Garden,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

they had moved to the, like, those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:40]

little kiosk things where you can order drinks and pay and stuff on the table, and those just kind of annoy me. I said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

you've been there more recently than I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

We had we got a gift card for it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:54]

This was probably three or four years ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

Oh, yeah. Definitely. So I have not been this is this is gonna be really telling. I have not been to an Olive Garden since I moved to Indiana,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

which we're going on And seven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

and I've there's one not far away, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

I'm telling you, if they got on DoorDash, game over. Like They probably have their own, like, delivery service. Probably. But do I really need another app and, like, to give my credit card out to another place? Like, just get into DoorDash, and I'll be good to go. Oh, side tangent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:27]

Everybody needs to adopt Apple Pay if you do commerce on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

I yeah. Or PayPal or Amazon Pay. One of those three and I'm fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

But I think I think at this stage of the game, there's no reason I should be giving you my credit card number.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:42]

And there's no reason that I should have to type

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:46]

anything in when I can just buy with my fingerprint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

Actually, you know, when you think about it, the the Apple experience of being able to, like, create an account using my Apple ID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

I need to pay with Apple Pay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

Every

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

retailer of any sort should jump on this bandwagon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

because it is so simple that I will just start buying crap that I don't need. Impulse buy everything. Yeah. In fact, like like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

I it's not today, but let's say a couple days ago when it was, you know, five degrees outside. I would buy ice cream

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

just because I can, right, on an impulse move after sledding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

You know, like It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

more likely that you would buy like a heated blanket,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

which is a much bigger ticket item. I mean, I'll probably do that too. Like, I'm I'm just saying,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

honestly, if you're online retail at this point, like, you should jump on this this train because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

People like Stan and I, who are normally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

very intentional with our buying, makes it very easy to get around all that and not think about it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Suddenly suddenly, you know, it's like a bad hangover. Right? You wake up the next morning, you're like, what did I buy yesterday? It's like, oh, the Apple ID. It made everything get out of my way, and suddenly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

the deal closed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

John. Let's talk about next week. You've been wanting to talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

phones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

for a while

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

and I have. Work and home phone Oh, accounts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

I'm But my work phone isn't here yet. It's not. Okay. Do we have a status update on when your work phone will get here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

We do not. Alright. But I can figure it out. Yeah. So I think the big question is, will you have had it long enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

to come up with a hypothesis before we discuss this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

Probably not if it's next week. Alright. Well, guy can help. I But we can talk about best practices before I get one. Okay. Alright. We're gonna do that. I will tell you, I just got a new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

work phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

It is an iPhone 12. If you remember, have an iPhone 12 Pro. So they're the exact same size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

Oh, no. The only Same color? No. No. No. No. One's one's black. One's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

cobalt blue or ocean blue or whatever. There was a adjective, I think, in front of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

I'm just gonna I'm gonna show my cards here real quick. The only difference in these devices from a technical spec standpoint is one has an optical zoom, the other does not. K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

So they both have the wide angle, they both have the standard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

The 12

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

surprised me at how much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

less heavy it felt. Like, how much lighter it felt than the 12 Pro. I was I was caught off guard. I expect them to be more similar. So I guess that glass

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

is is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

really, you know, makes a difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

But I've been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

it's it's funny how, like, a newer phone or a phone that's, like, similar to my personal phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

starts forcing or allowing me, enabling me, I'm not sure what the right word is there, to compromise my own rules.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

Oh, yeah? Yeah. So that's the teaser for next week. We'll talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

work phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

home phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

in COVID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

how you how you deal with that. Working remotely. Yeah. Working remotely. Seems like it could be a good episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:09]

Sure. Alright, John. You wanna touch on WandaVision,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

which was basically worthless if you listen to the podcast because Stan already spoiled everything?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

I I guess we should. I was just about to wrap up, but you you went there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

What'd you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

He was like, I I don't know if I would've liked it more if I didn't already know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

what was going on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:32]

but I kinda doubt it. So I spoiled it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

I think, for anybody who's listening in terms of, like, telling you I thought Agnes was gonna be this Agatha Harkness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

whom I also I I think I gave you more context on Agatha than the episode Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

I I looked at this episode, and I'm not entirely sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

what someone walks away with if they don't know who Agatha is. Right? Like, all she seems is, like, is a meddler.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

You know? I don't even know that you know about her powers based upon what they showed us. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

Yeah. It was weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

I wasn't thrilled, and it doesn't give me great feelings looking to see how they wrap all this up. I I think this is the the low point of this season. That's that's my prediction right here. I I do think they did a disservice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

to Agatha in terms of, like, explaining

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

her to us. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

Which is unfortunate, because she's a she's a powerful character, and you get a hint of that. But you don't actually get any hint about her powers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

We're left with question marks around the twins,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

I don't know. The I will say this. The first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

what would you say? Third to two thirds of this episode, not super important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

No. And kinda boring from a storytelling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

They're they're playing off that Modern Family thing, and I've never watched Modern Family. Have you? Yeah. No. I haven't. And it's kinda that office like style to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

I I I think this is one of those situations where Elizabeth Olsen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

is doing a good job acting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

but the Yep. The writers are not really giving her good material to go off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:17]

Yeah. I thought that her acting was phenomenal again, and I think it has been this whole time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

Paul Bettany, I think, has had highs and lows,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

overall He's he's comical in this one. I think his interaction with Darcy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

and the car and, like, his like, he recognizes the ridiculousness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

of this fourth wall deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

Yep. I I got a kick out of that. It just doesn't add anything to the story, which I think Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

I think is is my problem with it. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

the other significant thing that stood out to me on this one is we get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:55]

some notion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

Monica Rambo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

aka

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

It's going Rambo. Yeah. What's what's her name? Her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

Spectrum? No. Not Spectrum.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

Oh, it's gonna drive me nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

She's got a she's got a name in the comics. I can't remember what it is now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

But but her character has powers. Right? And and I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

I I'm hoping that they, like, push a little yeah. It was Spectrum. Okay. I was wrong. I was right. Phew, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

I'm hoping that they'll go full full on Spectrum. Here's the other thing that really bummed me out about this one. She gets the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

the delivery from her aerospace engineer friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

Right. And we don't know who it is. I don't think it was the military officer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

that she interacted with. I think there's somebody else still at play,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

but we don't know who. And that that bummed me out, like, legitimately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

Lastly, I'll say this. I I think there are a number of references in this episode that still point to Mephiso, the devil like character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

think either him or mister Pandemonium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

show up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

mister I'm sorry. Master Pandemonium show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

up before the season's over. Now, the actress who plays Monica Rambo was recently quoted as saying that the end of the show, these last two episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

are, quote, epic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

and sad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

I'm I'm bracing myself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

for what that means, because I never thought that this was gonna end on a happy note.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:30]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

But for her to say that Especially when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

Vision tries to escape the hex. Yep. Yep. The question is, does Vision die again? Or do we get Wonder Man or whoever? Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

Does

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

stay

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

essentially a bad character? I mean, that's what she is right now. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

And I think at this point, it is likely that Wanda we I think we've talked a little bit about this. I can't take full credit for this. I think some of this is on Patrick Sturtevant's shoulders in terms of predicting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

I think she's probably the the villain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

for doctor strange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

I don't know that the audience watching on Disney plus is prepared

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

for that. Right? This is not gonna end. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

is I what I It's not very Disney. It's It's not. But, you know, do you remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:20]

do you remember being in the theater watching Infinity Wars the first time?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

Yep. Like, we knew it was gonna end badly. I don't think we knew it was gonna end quite that badly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:31]

And literally, like, having your heart ripped out of your chest. It was like Indiana Jones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

right, and the temple That of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

was that moment, and I think that's how this show ends. That's my prediction.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:45]

And then what was absolutely great about the ending of Infinity War

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:50]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:50]

it took all of three seconds to give you that feeling at the beginning of Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:55]

Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

Yeah. Yeah. Endgame, man. Like, bring you up and then just crush you to nothing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

So Yep. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

we know that Marvel's good at that, and I think we should brace ourselves for the likelihood that that's what's coming. So I will just leave it at That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

episode seven in a nutshell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

Alrighty?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:19]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

Take us out, Stan. This is Stan Lemmon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen, and you've doing a good job lately. Wash your hands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

and wear a mask.

