---
title: M1 Pro MacBook Pros
episode: 157
date: 2021-10-21T14:42:37.000Z
slug: m1-pro-macbook-pros/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The Apple M1 MacBook Air was officially unveiled with a sleek new design,
  improved performance, and a more powerful chip. However, the event also
  highlighted some disappointing aspects of the device, such as the retention of
  a 720p front-facing camera and the removal of the touch bar. Despite these
  omissions, the M1 chip promises to deliver significant improvements in terms
  of power efficiency and overall performance.
keywords:
  - Apple M1
  - MacBook Air
  - Chip Performance
  - Front-Facing Camera
  - Touch Bar
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. So many things to cover today, but I think I wanna start by just asking, do I sound any different?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

So I don't think our average listener will think you sound different. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

Well, but do you think I sound different? Yes. I think that there is more bass to your voice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

That a also at a different angle, but Well, there's there's that, but I don't think that impacts my sound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

more bass, is this good or bad? What's what's the verdict?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

Good, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

Okay. Alright. Alright. I I mean, I'll accept it. So I am, I'm experimenting with a new microphone. As you know, I've tried a few different that are USB based,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

and I've had pretty much terrible results across the board. This one, seems to be good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

and I am generally encouraged by it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

for the audiophile or just person who generally cares, I traditionally use a Shure Beta 87 a supercardioid condenser microphone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

and run it through an XLR interface that I connect to my Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

I am today using an Audio Technica a t r 2,100

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

x USB cardioid dynamic microphone. It actually does have an XLR interface in the back as well as USB c. So there you go. And I've been using my fifteen year old Blue Yeti microphone since we began this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Yeah. I tried a Yeti, and I did not have good results at the house. And I'm not sure if that's just my space,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

my setup. I think I get a lot of frequency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

that that bled over from We all know that you have way too many devices in your house. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I and I think that's definitely a factor here, but anyhow, suffice to say, I was curious about this one too, because I like to be able to have a microphone that I can recommend to people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

Very often, are like, oh, I love the sound of, you know, whatever, the podcast or in a meeting or whatnot, and then they wanna know how they can reproduce that sound at home. And the YETI is is perfectly fine if you can find one. I think that's been the big challenge as of late.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

My,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

you know, Shure Beta

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

solution

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

ridiculously expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

So this Audio Technica

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

weighs in at a whopping $99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

And at least right now, John, I feel good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

recommending it to people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

I believe that it will make you sound good coming out of a $99

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

HomePod mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

There you go. There you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

Continuing on my friend, you and I both partook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

festival of cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

at Culver's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

I feel like I feel like we should at least talk about the Kurder burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

So you wanna set this up, at least as far as why this was even on our radar? Yeah. So was it this year or last year where their Internet

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

April fools joke of the day was basically a cheese curd burger called the Kurder burger, and it was a giant cheese curd patty inside of a bun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

And so you and I have a great deal of respect for the hamburger. I think it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

it's one of the the most beautiful things next to bourbon that's ever come out of America. I don't actually know if it's from if it's like American cuisine. I'm just I'm going with that because I can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

We don't do research on this podcast. No. But Not general. The hamburger is a beautiful thing. We've taste tested a few hamburgers over time. Yep. Most recently, we did the Shake Shack experiment, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

left a lot to be desired. I mean, let's let's just let's just be honest. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

We both, though, I think, like Culver's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

generally speaking. In general. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

Yeah. In particular, I'll say this. I I was reminded of this on this particular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

track.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

I appreciate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

their bun to beef ratio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

The bun is not so small and thin that it dissolves in the grease like Five Guys does. Right? But it's also not so big that it overpowers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

the beef itself. Right? There's just there's a there's a perfect balance, like yin and yang that's going on there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

Alright, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

So it was your father-in-law that put us on to the reality of the Kurterberg. Right? So Yes. Culver's decided, you know, we're gonna actually we're gonna,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

make this for real.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

And they sold it I'm I'm thinking this is the fifteenth to the twenty second, so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

it'll have just ended

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

when this when this goes out. Right? I thought it was just a one day thing for National Cheese Curtain Day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

Oh, me I thought it was I thought they were gonna do it for a few days, but it it definitely premiered. If it did So I will tell you that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

Mike Halvers only got a 150 of these in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

No kidding. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

you know, this is all part of the seize the cheese sweepstakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

Fantastic branding, by the way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

And and there's a there's a bunch of different things going on to celebrate curds and Culver's and and everything in between.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

But the Kurder burger is a normal, or I guess, normal Culver's hamburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

But instead of two patties,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

there's just one, and then there is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

a I guess it's a smashed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

like, massively large cheese curd that's that's then breaded.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

Yeah. So from what I've heard, it is the exact same ingredients as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

Culver's actual cheese curds if you ordered them as a side,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

just in a giant patty form.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Now do you normally get a side of Culver's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

cheese curds when you go there? I would say the majority of the time, yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

Oh, no kidding. That I did not guess. I'll be honest with you, I mostly do not. So I I actually was struggling to try and remember. When was the last time that I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

an order of cheese curds. And I think part of the problem is that my my kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

are not real big

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

on the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

curd front.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

continuing along here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

you got one of these, much to my surprise actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

And what was what was the verdict, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

Meh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Let me ask you this. How did you get it ordered? Like, did you just say, give me the Kurter burger and they they gave it to you, did you customize the toppings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:58]

They gave it to me. I did not customize toppings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:01]

Did you find this at all a little weird for Culver's? This was extremely weird for Culver's because one of my biggest beefs with Culver's is that they don't just give me a burger. Like, they ask what do you want on it? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

usually, so say the works, and I think that means something different at Culver's than it does everywhere else. But whatever. I think it means something different at each different Culver's that you go to, because I've definitely like, I think part of the problem is, if you say, give me everything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

there's somebody who is literally punching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

every ingredient on the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

And so so typically, what I do when I go is cheese, mustard, onion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

lettuce, tomato.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

That's my go to default if I have to pick. Okay? Do you think this is a boomer thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

Like, were boomers very particular about what they had on their burgers and didn't trust restaurants to just give them something that tasted good?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

Well, boomers are absolutely very particular. Like, there's no doubt about that. Right? And and and usually about things oh, you're gonna give me so much trouble. Usually, they're dumb things. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

I don't know if it is boomers that ruin Culver's for us or not. It's not just Culver's. Like, Burger King's whole have it your way thing. And then, like Yeah. But you can go to you can go to Burger King and order just order a Whopper with cheese, and it has stuff on it. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

And and so, the the Kurter Burger came out I'll see if I can remember this. There was a tomato,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

there was lettuce,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

there was red onion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

there was pickle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

there was mayo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

and there was a slice of cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

That sounds right. And and I I I decided to cross reference this after the fact, and I went and I looked at pictures of Culver's burgers, and they had the exact same set of ingredients consistently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

So apparently, that is the photogenic Culver's burger. Why that doesn't exist as a button on the menu, I do not know. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

I can I can honestly tell you that I have not once, before the Kurter Burger, ever gotten

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

Culver's mayo on a hamburger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

K. And boy, do I have thoughts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

So so first of all, I'm not even sure that I normally get a cheeseburger at Culver's. I think I think I I mean, it's probably a $50.50 split on whether it's a cheeseburger or just a hamburger. Man, you gotta go with the cheddar butter burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

Well, like, look, I'm not trying the knock cheese. Oh, that's right. Because they've got cheese options too. I wasn't even prompted for a cheese option. I'm pretty sure this was just straight up American cheese. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

Alright. And this this actually I think the cheese is my number one beef.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

There we go again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

With the the Kurder burger, Because the cheese that they put on the sandwich had more flavor, at least in my situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

than the actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

cheese curd patty that they put on my sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

And so it was very difficult for me to suss out the taste

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

of the curd, the cheese curd over,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

I guess, was American cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:56]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

I wouldn't say that the cheese curd had great flavor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

It was greasy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:03]

and it was gooey,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

but that's not really taste wise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

for me. Did you eat yours at the restaurant? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

How far away would you say the restaurant is from your home? Mile and a half.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

Okay. So yours did not cool off as much as mine did. I my cheese curd was not gooey. So was it rubbery? Did you end up with a rubbery cheese curd patty? I wouldn't say it was rubbery. It's somewhere between that stage that a curd exists between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

gooey and rubbery. Right? Like, it was smack dab in the middle. So it was actually okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

I I didn't mind the texture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

The flavor was just lacking, and I don't remember Culver's cheese curds being lacking in flavor. No. But this was, and the the breading honestly was, I don't know. It just got in the way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:52]

Like I said, meh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

Yeah. Now, like I said, I I took issue in in my opinion, if you're gonna serve the Kurter burger in the future,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

you should not serve it as a cheeseburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

You should just serve it with the cheese curd. Right? Sure. Let that be the star of the show on top of that that patty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

I also, quite honestly, think they could have still gotten away with two beef patties and the cheese curd. It would have been a thick burger, but I think I would have preferred that. Because I in in fact, I would even say take the cheese curd and put it between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

the patties just like you would the cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

Interesting. Lastly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

John I don't see me ordering this again. So No. I I don't and then we'll we'll get there. We'll get there. I think that's my biggest takeaway. Like, I tried it. Okay. I came. I saw. I conquered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

I'm I'm good to go. Don't need to dare to say people who love this. So in the local Cedar Rapids paper, there was an article about how amazing it was. I'm like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

it just wasn't. Sometimes people just like things that are different because they're different. Right? Like, your father-in-law is a great example. Right? If if we cornered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

Mark and we said, hey, Mark. Describe what made the Kurter Burger special,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

it would be simply because it was different. And I love you, Mark. I'm not trying to knock on you, but I'm just saying, like, some people are in that mindset. Right? And I'm over here, like, you know, I I paid a little extra. I went on my way. I definitely felt the calories on that one. I had to take a nap. And do want another beef patty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

on it? Well, I don't the beef wasn't gonna put me out the way that the curd did. I I I crashed. I straight up took a nap after this one. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

The mayo, I thought, was absolute trash. I will I will never get mayo at Culver's ever again. There is no circumstance in which I will subject my palate to this runny,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

tasteless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

just liquid yuck that they put on the burger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

This is so interesting to me because it's never popped out in my mind as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

Well So Like, now I have to go to Culver's just to try the mayo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

See, I think that this is this is one of the things. Mayo is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

an exquisite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

condiment with a slice of beef. Right? The fattiness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

can really bring out the flavor of a good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

you know, just good patty of beef, and and I I don't think this did it. If anything, it drew my attention to the lettuce, which is never something you want to happen on a hamburger. Right? You don't even want that to happen in a salad most of the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

So suffice it to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

if I were to do this again, and I probably won't, which as you noted, right, I would I would completely nix the mayo. I would not get that at all. I would ask for two patties, and I would ask that that curd get shoved between the two patties. No other cheese. I don't want any other cheese on this thing. And I'd ask for mustard on the side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

Because if you go overkill with mustard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

and you drown out the beef, you've ruined the sandwich. Sandwich. Right? And it is so easy to do that. I've I've made the mistake of ordering I I don't know if you've ever had this experience at McDonald's where they put just a little dab of mustard, know, like, that's not mustard. Like, that's one little droplet in the middle. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

And so so I've ordered extra mustard. Well, then you go from, like, one drop to basically a quarter cup of mustard just slapped right on top of the burger. So when you when you go to pick it up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

mustard just oozes everywhere, which is also awful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

This leads me to believe that you need to work on the perfect hamburger. And I think you probably have the patty down at this point, so now it's just everything around the patty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

You, you like my smoked sirloin burger, don't you? I've never had it, but it looks good. You've not had it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

It's it's delicious. I tell you what, I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

my thing as of late has been to do I I will make a actually, the third pound recently because the kids thought the half pound was straight up too big. There's no reduction Even Henry? Size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

Yeah. Even Henry. Was too big for him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

The the half pound, there's no reduction in size. Like, doesn't cook down Sure. Because you're smoking it. Right? And also, it's a leaner cut. I do I do the smoke I do sirloin ninety

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

ten.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

so I did a third pound most recently. Kids seem to like it. But I've actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

I've reached this point now where I want a cheap bun

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

to go with the burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

I want a small amount of mustard, a small amount of horseradish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

and then I want just a slice of sweet onion, and that's it. That's all I want on that burger because I don't want anything to get in the way of the smoky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

beautifulness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

which is that sirloin patty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

Starring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

Cattle Drive by Cattle Drive. Yep. The barbeque rubs. That's a good plot. Eight rubs by finger. Which I'm out of. The barbeque Oh, you know. That that that is on YouTube. Yeah. And I don't know what they do. Right? Because hamburgers have become a a a pretty decent staple during football season, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

what like, how am gonna cook it? How am I gonna season it? You know? So I don't know if Finker still listens. Probably not because he's got a life and, like, things to do. But if he is, just know I'm lacking over here, friend. It's really only Mark and Dan Chas that listen now, isn't it? I don't know. Who knows? No. You hear from a couple other people. All your friends listen. I don't have any friends. You're my only friend, and you're on it. I guess you listen then, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

No. I haven't been lately. Sorry, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

So so, continuing down the track though with the Kurner burgers, one one final thing I wanted to discuss.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

Do you ever go to Culver's and not get custard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

All the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

Really? See, I find that offensive. That that's amazing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

To be fair, Culver's custard just isn't that good. But Yeah. But where else where else can you get custard? That's the thing. That's what I always come back to. Is it the best custard? No. By far not. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

I don't know where else I could possibly find custard, especially at a fast food joint. If you know of a place, dear listener, let us know. However just gotta move to Milwaukee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

Well, yeah. And I'm going to Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

The the question I had though is, what what do you get? Do you get the flavor of the day?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

Depends on what the flavor of the day is. Generally, if it's some kind of chocolate based flavor of the day, then I'll get it. You are at the very least open to the flavor of the day. Because what I've recently

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

I mean, America's divided on whether or the flavor of the day is an acceptable route.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

I was surprised during the Kurter Burger fiasco

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

of 2021

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

here how many people were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

like, deeply offended that I got the flavor of the day, which by the way was, I think, Oreo cheesecake, and it was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

I genuinely love that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

So Sounds alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

Looks like today's flavor of the day is turtle, by the way, at least in in my location. Yeah. That's the problem is that the flavor of the day is different at every location.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:41]

But you can look it up on the Culver's website. You can. But, like, if they had the same flavor of the day across all of their stores, then there would be people in line for all of the flavors that they really love.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

Do you really think it's that simple? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

Okay. Alright. So what what was your flavor of the day, and and did you get it? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

our flavor of the day was also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

Oreo based. It was mint Oreo, and I did not, but missus Colmire did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

What did she think? Was it good? I think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

Yeah. See, I would get behind that. I think if you're doing mint or, like, today's turtle, I would get this. In fact, I might go out and get one now. I have to look at my flavor of the day. Oh, you totally should. I I'm I'm all for the flavor of the day and just mixing it up. I am a big fan. My kids all did chocolate or vanilla. They were lame and boring and simpletons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

but it is what it is. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

what do you got, John? What is your flavor of the day? I don't know. You have to click too many times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

Oh my goodness. Flavor of the day is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

something weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

Strawberry chocolate parfait.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

So I would probably not get that. Yeah. That doesn't sound good. I don't know what they're thinking. Strawberry chocolate parfait. Tomorrow is chocolate Heath crunch, which sounds Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

Continuing on from the Kurterberger, big news today, an Apple event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

We just had an Apple event about a month ago. That was the iPhone event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

There were a lot of rumors that this one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

like, the things that were announced today would have come out with the iPhone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

but production issues have slowed things down. I'm inclined to believe that just based upon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

everything else going on in the world. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

this one opened up with two focal points. Right? Yep. Music and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

the MacBook Pro. Yep. So what did you make of the music announcements first? Why don't you set this up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

So it was pretty standard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

for the most part.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:43]

HomePod mini now comes in colors,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

which tends to be the way that Apple is leaning with their devices.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

Big announcements, probably the AirPods third gen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

And then as far as music itself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:55]

there's, like, new playlists and stuff and a weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

voice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

only plan for Apple Music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

Yeah. And I don't know what to make of this. So it it's $4.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

a month. It's called the voice plan, and I don't think this is intended for you and I who are already Apple Music subscribers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:14]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

My my take is that, like, if you have a HomePod in your house and you don't already have Apple Music, which first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

What? Like, who does that? Right. This might be intended for you, and I guess maybe you can use it on the device too, but you're not you're not scrolling? There's no UI? I don't know what's going It's like a Siri only

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

Apple Music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

The I I vaguely recall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Spotify

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

limited

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

streaming capabilities

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

on mobile devices when you weren't subscribed. Like, it worked fine on the desktop, lower quality audio, but on mobile

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

Yeah. Mobile, you, like, couldn't select a song.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Like, you select So is that is that what this or whatever. I don't think so. It sounds like you can play anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

I don't know. Is there any literature about this yet? I I haven't seen anything yet. I I don't basically, here's here's the bottom line. I don't understand this. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

if this is the only explanation we get of the voice plan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

they've done a really garbage job of selling it. I I'm it's just not clear what the goal or the strategy is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

And, you know, I do think it is interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

compelling, whatever, for Apple to have a more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

inexpensive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

option. Now granted, $9.99 a month is not a big deal. Like, if if you have an iPhone and you can't afford $9.90 a month for a, you know, music service, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

I I don't know what to tell you at that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

But I this just did not do a good job, you know, explaining what was going on here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

You mentioned the HomePod minis in various colors. I believe we had orange, which to me looked red on the screen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

blue, and yellow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

These are cute,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

but I don't know that I would ever do anything other than they've now they're calling white starlight, which I think is pretty much consistent across their line now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

Then the the space gray or whatever. I don't know that I would do anything but those two. Like, I I can't imagine having a bright orange HomePod

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

in my house. Can you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

Probably not my house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:22]

Although it would match my wall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

Yeah. It would match your wall. There you go. Although, I think it's a much more bright and bold orange than the other sits

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

on one of those minimalistic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:32]

houses that are all white on the inside or something like that with white furniture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

But is that the thing you want to pop?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

You know, I like, that's I I don't know. I'm not You do if aesthetic. Like, if people start using these as their TV speakers or whatnot

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

in in pairs, like, I could see it as a design thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

Alright. I'll I'll have to just trust your natural

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

design

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

taste, I guess. I don't I don't even know what to call it. So the other big thing was AirPods third gen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

was thinking about this. How often do you see people with AirPods?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:10]

Well, I never see people. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

Maybe maybe bad questions. I believe that there are quite a few who are, like, walking around the neighborhood are wearing AirPods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

Yeah. Yeah. Heck. Even Dan Chaz has AirPods now. Right? I I was reflecting on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

my my walk the other day. I saw a couple different lawn companies in this subdivision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

Right? They were all doing various things, cutting grass, fertilizing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

coring, all kinds of things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

Every single person I saw had AirPods in. Everyone of Interesting. I wanna know how people get them to stay in their ear, because mine are, like, always falling out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

Well, I mean, you've got weird ears. I do. There's so much there's so much about you right now that we could go into on this front, but but let's just let's just keep chugging along.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

They are bringing spatial audio to the AirPod third gen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

These are $179.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

they're not cheap. These are not cheap headphones by any stretch. Yep. Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

they're more sweat and water resistant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

All all good all good things. They had this cute little intro video that reminded me of the old iPod commercials. Did you catch that? Yep. With the damn turnaround.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

Yeah. Yeah. And you had, like, the people themselves were basically just a black silhouette, and then you had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

you know, bright, very vibrant, maybe you would say HomePod mini colored backgrounds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

battery hour now battery battery battery life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

is now six hours and then thirty hours with the case, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

seems okay. It's still not a workday. Right? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

I was trying to think, though, what what at this point, what do these not have that the AirPod Pros do have?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

And I came down to transparency and noise cancellation. It's the only thing I can think of at this point. And those are huge features. I'll give a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

you can still swap out the ear tips or whatever for a better fit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:06]

which again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

doesn't work for me. So Yeah. Because you've because you've got weird ears.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

Hobbit ears, we'll say. Right. I don't know. Because I've tried all three sizes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

All three sizes. Still no luck. What you need is a pair of AirPods Max. That's what you need.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

So they fit they fit They

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

stay on and they sound fantastic, John. Well, if you're feeling generous for Christmas, you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

don't know that I'm that generous, but yes. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

Okay. Maybe it'll come out with a new model. Won't let you trade in the old model. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

wonder I wonder if they'll start doing trade ins. Because they're so they're so expensive comparatively. Right? Like, all the other Apple devices have trade ins. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

So the other big announcement was the MacBook Pro. I'd actually say this was the focal point of this. Was the thing that I thought we were gonna get back in September, but we didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Right. This gave me a lot of heartburn going into it because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

all I could see was dollar signs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

I have an m one Air. I love it. I think it's it's probably one of the greatest things that Apple has ever built. And I'm I'm gonna stand by that even with this announcement today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

the m one, whether it was an Air or the first MacBook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Pro, the 13 inch, was such a fundamental

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

shift in terms of speed and battery performance for personal computing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

It's just in a league of tone. I charged my Mac once last week. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

I mean, that like, that's just not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

I agree. I don't use this. It's my personal advice. I don't use it, like, a ton every day. But still,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

I I just, like, would set it on a shelf and then go get it the next time. And finally, yesterday, I was looking at was like, this thing's down to 10%. I should probably charge it. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

And I don't I don't, like, I don't chintz around. Like, I was doing some actual development on it over the course of the last week, you know? Yeah. So, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:02]

your mile your mileage may vary, but I'm I'm pretty impressed. Just make sure you don't have anything that's making calls to external servers every five minutes, and you'll be fine. There yeah. There you go. Your your source tree experiment. Working.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

So two new chips, and there was a of debate on the Internet about what they're gonna call these. I think the Internet mostly landed right. They were?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

M one Pro and m one Max.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

Yeah. And so Pro comes first for Max. Big enough leap for an m two. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

guess not. I would imagine I would imagine this has more to do with the underlying architecture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

And so it probably actually comes down to, like, the size of the die and and the silicon and the way they measure it all. That that would be my guess. That's why it's all m one. So similar architecture, similar die size,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

similar, like, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

method of production. Again, I'm all just speculating, but I would I would think that that's why the m one moniker there is is holding over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

That said, these seem like pretty different chips.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

Yes. In all aspects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

Yeah. So m one pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

goes up to 32 gigabytes of RAM. This is a big complaint actually about the m one. And I I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

I was in the camp of, like, why can't I get a 32 gig,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

memory option

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

on my m one? Nope. Haven't needed it. Haven't even come close to needing it once, and that memory is shared with the GPU. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

So this one, thirty two, this is the Pro, 10 core CPU, eight for high, two for low processing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

Right? And and if you're like, eight high, two low, what does that mean? They've doing this with the iPhone for a while. Right? You basically have a super energy efficient set of cores. Those are the two low. And then you have the eight high that can do wildly crazy things that most people can't even fathom. Yep. And there are plenty plenty of videos that demonstrate this. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

it feels like just yesterday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

dual core was a big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

It was. I mean, I remember I remember my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

my first Mac with an Intel chip never used quad core. We'd never used four cores.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

It's yeah. What would I possibly do with all that? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

16 core GPU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

One of the things that was really interesting they talked a lot about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

was the unified memory between the CPU and GPU. So if you think about this, right, CPU is for, like, most of the stuff you do on your computer. GPU is for, like, crazy video stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

I'm I'm oversimplifying this grossly, but for the for the average layperson, like, this is the way you can think of it. Right? So you got your graphics card. You got your normal processor. And historically, they've each had a dedicated memory. Yep. What Apple has done is they've created a unified memory system that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

when you're doing something on your computer, you no longer have to copy it from your your computer memory into your graphics memory. Right? Which is the again, oversimplifying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

Please don't write me hate mail, which is how how computers have worked forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

And Apple's like, nope. We're done with that. We're just gonna do unified memory. CPU, GPU can both access them. There's no copying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

And and they've gotten some wildly crazy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

performance boosts out of this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

It also it struck me that we are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

we never as far as I can think, we never saw a processor speed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

like an like a hertz number shared at all. Did you see that? Nope. Not today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

And the only thing I can think of, like, even today, when on my m one, if I go in and I look at the chip, it just says Apple m one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

We are, like whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

this is, this this period of time in computing, we are no longer talking about processors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

based upon clock speed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

which is kinda crazy to me. Right? Like, it's been like this forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

Kinda chugging along here, the m one Max has a 64 gigabyte memory option.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

I did not write down the number of transistors in the Prochip, but they said 57,000,000,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

transistors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

in the m one max, which is roughly three and a half times what's in the m one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

K? Same 10 core CPU. GPU is up to 32 cores.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

looks like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

it's just bonkers fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

They were talking about machine learning operations being 20 times faster. It'd be fascinating to test that claim. I I don't know how you validate that. I think in general, these machines are just faster than anything you wrap your brain around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:26]

So there are 33,700,000,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

transistors

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

in the Pro, which is two times the amount of the m one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

Yeah. It's just it's just that's bonkers. Like, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

that's absolutely bonkers. I don't know how else to say it. Just the the amount of horsepower

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

these things have is off the chart, and I I can't even like, I this is what I was struggling to to wrap my brain around. Right now, the the m one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

does everything I ask of it way faster than I ask it to, and I don't even really push it. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

Right? Like, when I when I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

test the boundary, I'm compiling Swift code, and I've I've mentioned on this podcast before, that's a near instantaneous thing. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

the capabilities of these machines have gotta be nuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

Yeah. So this is definitely setting up for future technology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

Like, usually, the gaming industry is the one that takes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:18]

like, actually uses all this stuff to begin with. You'll get some of that with animation too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

But I think this continues to be the Apple push towards

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:27]

AR and VR

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

in everyday life, whether that's in a car or in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

glasses, wearables, something like that. But I think this is setting it up to make augmented reality seamless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

Yeah. No. I think you're spot on. Right? Basically, you need more horsepower to do that, and you need it to be smaller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

And you also need to be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

pretty conservative energy consumption wise, right, which was something that they touted a lot today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

on these chips. They use so much less juice, which also means, and they they emphasize this, as well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

all the things that you can do with these computers, their maximum capabilities,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

they also work when the computer's not plugged in. Yep. Right? And and that's I don't yeah. I don't think that's something you could say about well, heck, even even my, Intel based MacBook Pro that I use for work. Right? Like, it is severely diminished once it's unplugged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

And I'm I'm basically racing against the clock. You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

That that's not a concern with these machines.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

Crazy, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

So different bodies, different body sizes, the body shapes, they're a little beveled at the bottom that kinda reminded me of the old titanium power PC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

laptops.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

I I don't if you remember those. Yeah. It's more futuristic looking than that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Well, sure. But but the the just kinda like the the rounding bevels. Because for a long time now, we've had very crisp edges

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

Yep. On on the MacBook, very squared off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

And these these, oddly enough, I think, are kinda harkening back to that more rounded,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

shape that we've had on iPhones if you go back. Right? Okay. So we we've been in square shape for a while now on the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

Makes me kinda wonder if the aesthetic as a whole is gonna shift. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

But 14 inch and 16 inch bodies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

Yeah. Kinda weird sizes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

Well, I mean, 14 inch used to be kinda the standard laptop size. Right? And then Apple pushed it and went to 15 inch to make it bigger. And I think I think this idea of, like, a big and little screen being two inches apart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

that's been pretty consistent over time. But usually, it was like it used to be the 12 and the 14 inch. Right? Looking back to the iBook and that that titanium,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

what was it? PowerBook?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

That's what it was. Titanium PowerBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

So I think things have just gotten bigger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

Yeah. Interest interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

they've gotten bigger in terms of display size. I don't think they've gotten that much bigger in form factor. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

Yeah. Definitely not. Which was which was something they talked about today. Right? The bezels on the side are smaller, and then we got this stupid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

notch on the top of the top of the laptop. What what did you make of this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

I don't think that in the end it's would bug me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

because it basically cuts down into the menu bar that is a space that's hardly ever used anyway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:32]

Like, if you have lots of menu options, it would be, or if you have way too much stuff in your taskbar, it would be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

So Why are you being rational about this? I wanna be irrational.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

I mean, yeah, it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:45]

isn't a super clean design,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

but, like, everybody threw a fit about the notch when it was introduced with the iPhone 10,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

like, now nobody cares. Like, we thought this was gonna be a huge change in how we would have to do mobile web design or stuff like that, and it just hasn't been an issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

No. I I I think that's fair. It hasn't been an issue. The corners on the screen are also rounded,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

and and so you've got those. But, again, menu bar is a pretty fixed piece of the interface, and I think you're right. That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

that spot in the middle is a dead zone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

so maybe it's okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

I think what's more important is what is on the notch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

Right? So Apple Something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:30]

you've been asking for forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

Yeah. Welcome welcome to 2010, Apple. We now have a ten eighty p camera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

on on my MacBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

I'm so happy about This is I I tell you right. This this is I don't know why that's not a four k at this point. Like Exactly. Exactly. That's the thing I was thinking of. Like, give me a four k,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

camera there. You know, they they touted having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

great night shots and all that other stuff. First of all, most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

people, I think, especially if you're getting a pro computer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

are working between nine to five when the sun is usually out. I'm not sure that night shots are are really, like, a critical component for the front facing camera. It just it should be a higher res. I I really I really think they waited way too long. It was the one thing that drove me nuts about the m one that I got, was that I still had the same

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

720

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

p camera that that this, you know, line of MacBook Airs has had forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

Like, it it it's just been a really long time since they touched these cameras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

And I would say, having not seen, you know, how these how these shoot, this was at most a modest update for that camera. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

And they they really should've taken it up a notch. I this this was disappointing to me. I mean Especially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:43]

since on a pro model, you probably got a lot of video conferences. Maybe you have people doing screen casts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

where they could have their face there as they're walking through tutorials or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

Or like YouTube videos, if somebody needs to record an intro or something for a YouTube video. Yeah. Like, you aren't gonna do that with ten eighty p anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

The only thing I can fathom here is that the thickness of the screen is the limiting factor. Although, granted, again, other companies have been able to do this just fine. Right? They've been able to put in higher resolution cameras

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

on thin displays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:21]

and I I just don't know. Let's talk about the m one chip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

If they can find people to do that, they can find people do cameras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

Well, yeah. On top of that, right, like Apple is a leading camera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

producer. Right. You know? It's it's not like this is not in their wheelhouse. They make the camera that is predominantly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

used by humanity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

Right? Like, more people take pictures with cameras made by Apple than by Canon or Nikon. Like, that's a well established fact at this stage of the game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

So I I don't get it. I'm again, this was disappointing to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Other things that I think they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

they breezed by with a lack of ceremony I found comical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

was that the function keys are now full height, and the touch bar is gone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:07]

Killed the touch bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

I can't decide if Apple thinks the touch bar was a mistake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

or if it just truly was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

a test bed for doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

development

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

you know, Apple Silicon and that kind of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

form factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

They they pushed developers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

to add support for the touch bar, most of which did not, and those that did did a poor job.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

And it's gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

You know? So that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:40]

I don't know. Yeah. So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:43]

it could have been something like that or it could have been even a move to a whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:48]

touchscreen keyboard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:50]

fully customizable or something like that. And this was a cheaper way to test out that kind of functionality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

Yeah. Maybe. I you know, it's so funny. This was such a polarizing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

piece of the puzzle. You could see Apple backpedaling on it by adding a fixed escape key in later models and just, like, not really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

being received well. Another thing not that was not received well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

was the lack of ports on pro models. Right? Yep. And this computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

does not have an overwhelming amount of ports,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

but it it does have some atonement

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

for, I think, choices that Apple's made. Right? So first and foremost,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

an HDMI port is back. Right? Which is huge. Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

it is. It means no more dongles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

for and they actually even said that. You don't you can plug in three displays to this computer without needing any dongles. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

There are three USB c ports, two on one side, one on the other. Headphone jack has not gone away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

To my surprise, the SD card reader came back. And I think this has got to be a pro specific thing because I don't even remember the last time I needed to read data off of an SD card reader.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:02]

So I do when I use my DSLR.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

Yeah. Exactly. Right? So for a pro user who's using an actual camera,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:09]

right, not Probably better than my model.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

Yeah. Or a video camera, you know, that kind of thing. Like, this is a needed tool. Again, dongle free experience. That really seemed to be what they were going for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:23]

Drone footage, Stan. It's all for the drone footage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:26]

I mean, honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

if I I wind up in a situation where I've got a card again, it's gonna be because of a drone. That'll probably be what pushes me up. You're gonna get a drone that ties into your iPhone or something like that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

Maybe. Maybe. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. So but the but the last thing here was the return of MagSafe. This is a different MagSafe adapter than previously, but it's the same magnetic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:49]

clip in power

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:52]

and Your reaction was not was not overly positive when they announced this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

Well, because I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

the redeeming factor for me in in this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

was that you can still charge the device through USB c, though Right. Through one of the Thunderbolt Thunderbolt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

ports. It's very it's very important to realize that they did not call any of these USB c. They're USB c adapters, but they're all Thunderbolt four. Thunderbolt. Yep. Yep. Which means they've got a whole bunch of throughput and a whole bunch of capabilities, far more than just a standard USB c,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

port. But But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:25]

actual USB c will work in them. Yes. They will. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

so there's two ways to charge this device. They didn't say if you could charge from the left or the right or both or what. I kind of Can you charge from all of them at once for a super fast charge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:39]

No. But but you said the magic word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

You got fast charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

Right? Which is something that we've had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

on the iPhone for a while. Yep. We just got on the Apple Watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

and now we have on the Mac. And basically, charge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

does

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:57]

some weird crazy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:59]

thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

to, you know, just inject a bunch of juice into this device. And so they were saying that you could get a 50%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

charge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:08]

on your MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

thirty minutes. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

God, like, I that's just nuts. It's crazy. I I can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

I I want I'm looking forward this is one of the things I would love to see. I would love to see a MacBook Pro that's completely drained, charged in thirty minutes, because I it doesn't seem like it's possible to be real.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:31]

I don't know, man. John's like, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

I just plug it at the end of the night. And I think here here's my here's my kinda general take on the battery life of this thing, which maybe I should

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

come back to that. Seventeen hours of video playback on a 14 inch, twenty one hours of video playback on a 16 inch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:50]

They're making the power consumption

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

of this device irrelevant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

Yep. Right? You no longer have to worry about how much juice your battery has or how quickly it takes to replenish it. It's just gonna work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:04]

On your whole international flight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

On your whole international flight. Yeah. I mean, this is something that previously only the iPad could even lay claim to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:14]

And and we're, I think, well past

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

iPad capabilities with this particular device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

So Yep. For now. Until next. For now. For now. Well, you know, I'll tell you what, that m one iPad is is a beast. It's it's a truly impressive machine too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:29]

So, let me see. What else did we kinda not cover? I I alluded to supporting multiple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:34]

displays. This was a big knock on the m one because it only supports one display.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

Liquid retina XDR,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:42]

they equated this to the same technology being used in the iPad Pro with the mini LEDs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:47]

So this is what's gonna kill Stan and make him buy one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:51]

It's part of it. It's definitely part of it. Because it has a thousand nits

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:55]

of brightness. It has 1,600

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

peak nits of brightness. And John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:01]

it had the magic word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

The magic word? The magic word. The word that that will broke me in. The word that made me buy a new iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:12]

The word that made me continue to buy iPad Pros, even though I thought the iPad Air was prettier, and it is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

Promotion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:20]

Promotion. It's got Promotion. Oh, man. Oh, man alive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:24]

I don't know what it is, but it is just so buttery smooth, John. And I yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:30]

I don't need this Mac. I really don't, John. No. But I might need Promotion support. But you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:37]

they announced the price point, and it is $1,999

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:41]

base price for the 14 inch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:43]

and 2,499

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:45]

base price for the 16 inch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:48]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:49]

I actually feel like that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:51]

kinda on point for the upgrades here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

Yeah. I don't I don't think these were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

I I like, the prices weren't outrageous. I've spent, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

I've probably spent more on a Mac than what I will configure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:09]

if I were to get one. I'm not gonna get one. I I can't stress that enough. I'm not getting one of these. You don't need one. But if I were to You you just got a new computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:17]

I'd say, yeah. Not that long ago. I just got a new And it will last you for seven years, Stan. Seven years it would last you. I did that once. I know. I did that once. Then you handed it No. Down to me, didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:28]

No. The one that lasted seven years was my Retina,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:31]

the premiere, like, original Retina Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:35]

Looking at this, I think the thing that would probably probably kill me here is I would I would almost certainly want to max out the memory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:45]

Right? Yep. So that's in order to do that, you need an Apple m one Max,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:50]

not the Pro. Right? And you have 24 core GPU or 32 core GPU options. I do not have a need for a 32 core GPU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:58]

But by the time by the time I add the m one Max, and then I go up to 64 gigabyte of memory, which again, I probably don't even need, because I'm I'm sitting over here with a 16 gig

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:10]

m one that I can't even make break a sweat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:13]

But then I get a terabyte of storage, suddenly I'm at $3,500,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:16]

You know? Do you need a terabyte of storage anymore either?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:19]

Well, that's the that's the base that's the base in these, which is which is great, by the way. Yeah. That they're starting they're basing at one. I have one terabyte now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

I am using 324

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:29]

gig of it. So I, you know, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:32]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:33]

but the ProMotion, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:35]

Some other interesting things, they they breeze by a lot of this. Six speaker system,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:40]

spatial audio in the speakers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:42]

in in the device. Sounds pretty cool. Basically, that's Dolby Atmos. You've you've got a Dolby Atmos rig

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

on your laptop. Very impressive. They keep saying studio quality mics. I'd love to actually test that out, you know, and see if if they're actually that good. Because that's a pretty it's a pretty high bar to set. You know, when you say studio quality mic, you know, it's gotta come out better than an Audio Technica ATX 20 whatever it is that I got. Right? You would You would assume so. Yeah. Yeah. I believe they said there are three mics, three actual microphones. So they're doing something crazy. Again, probably using the wicked fast CPU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:18]

Did you catch the speed of the SSDs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:20]

I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:23]

7.4

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:24]

gigabits per second.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:27]

I this is this is just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:29]

you know, bat poop crazy fast. I don't know how else to say it. Like, it's it's just insane. I remember when we would get excited about an SSD that was, like, two to 500 megabits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:41]

Right. You know, megabits. And now we're talking about 7.4 gigabits.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:45]

Yeah. They were talking about, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:49]

just the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:50]

speeds all over the place between the processor and the SSDs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:54]

and, like, this is huge for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:57]

feature length film

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:59]

processing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:00]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:01]

things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:03]

Yeah. Basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:04]

there one of the things they said that really stuck out to me was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:08]

letting creatives get back to being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:11]

creative.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:12]

Right? So not having to wait or be slowed down by their devices. That's part of the goal of these MacBook Pros. I am not the creative that they're targeting. I wanna be real clear about that. Yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:22]

Yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:23]

Till we start a life with Twist a Lemon YouTube channel. There you go. I mean, there I'm sure this is gonna be the best machine to compile Swift code on. Oh, yeah. I have no doubt of that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:33]

So maybe that'll be me someday, but not not in the near term.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:38]

It's just a really, really powerful computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:41]

And I think anyone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:43]

who doubts the future of the Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:46]

you need to wake up. Like, they're building machines like this because they're planning to end the life at, you know? Like Right. Maybe they're gonna fundamentally change the operating system in ways we can't envision, but this device is not going away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:00]

I do think we're in a weird juxtaposition now because there is a 13 inch Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:05]

that uses the m one chip. They should

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:08]

clean that thing up and just call it the MacBook, so that you have the MacBook Air, the MacBook, and then the MacBook Pro. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:16]

I also think they should just call it the MacBook Max. Right? Like, have have the moniker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:21]

of the chip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:22]

translate to the the device moniker. But, you know, they didn't ask me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:27]

The thing that strikes me about all of this is that Mac Pro, was such a big deal gosh. Was that a year ago? I don't know. Maybe maybe two. I don't even remember when that came out now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:36]

That was a couple years ago now. More than one year. More

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:40]

than one year? Okay. It's been a long it's been a long twenty months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:44]

It it looks irrelevant to me. You know? Like, why why would I possibly buy a Mac Pro? Sure. It's got upgradable components. I get that. But, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:54]

I don't know that it warrants the cost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:58]

You can definitely make a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:01]

argument for, like, error correcting memory for the those few people who think that they experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:06]

difficulties because of that. But I I just I don't know, man. I think they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:11]

I think they've got another weird situation in their lineup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:15]

with that 13 inch Pro and this this Mac Pro that linger out there. It's confusing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:20]

Yep. Mac Pro was released in 2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:24]

Okay. It was, like, late twenty nineteen though. Right? So it was confirmed in 2018.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:30]

Yeah. And then they sat on it forever. I feel like it was December 2019. Like, they September 2019 assembled in Austin, Texas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:39]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:40]

So still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:41]

still a long time ago. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:45]

I just think it's in a weird spot in the lineup, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:49]

Part of it part of it's because it's an Intel chip. Part of it's because it's, you know, supposed to be the most powerful Mac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:56]

available. And I think if you look at the lineup and the way that they spoke about things today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:01]

that statement cannot possibly be true. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:05]

And and I don't think it's I don't think it's true

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:08]

from any metric

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:10]

at this point because they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:14]

maybe I'm wrong. We can always look at Geekbench scores and whatnot, but but I'm pretty sure that everything they walked through today indicates that the MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:22]

is the fastest Mac that you can get in every way possible. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:29]

Random interesting news. I saw today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:33]

an interview

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:34]

with the current CEO of Intel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:37]

who acknowledged, you know, that they've they've,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:39]

they've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:40]

been being taken around the block, if you will, by Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:44]

but they won. This was this was what I thought was interesting. They're not I mean, you know, at some point in the future, he said he'd love for Intel chips to be back in the Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:54]

But he wants to build

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:56]

Apple's silicon. Right? To actually be the manufacturer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:59]

of Apple silicon. Because right now, I think it's it's Samsung and somebody else,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:04]

that they use to to make their silicon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:06]

Right. I think that's an interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:08]

lens to look at Intel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:10]

Is the future

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:11]

of Intel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:12]

you know, arguably one of the the, like, greatest computing companies of all time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:18]

is the future of them just making other people's chips? That's kinda sad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:24]

I don't know. Lots of big tech companies will no longer exist, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:29]

Yeah. It's definitely true. I you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:31]

the thing is Intel is still the predominant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:34]

you know, PC and server maker for processors. AMD is sitting there in the background doing whatever it is that AMD does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:43]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:46]

I don't know. It's it's just a weird it's a weird future to contemplate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:49]

and and that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:51]

that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:52]

yeah. It is what it is. Mhmm. So so, John, you yeah. There's you just have an old phone. There's no way you're gonna gonna buy one of these. No. But I'm just curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:03]

What's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:07]

what do you think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:08]

in general in terms of your next purchase? Have you have you considered, like, where that goes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:15]

For my next Apple purchase in general or Yeah. Computer purchase? Well, yeah. Let me let me let me reframe this. When the time comes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:23]

is a MacBook Pro for you or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:26]

or not? Like Yeah. I mean, at this point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:30]

probably not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:32]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:33]

I'm not doing anything. Like, if I got really into video editing again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:37]

then maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:40]

But, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:42]

I don't think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:43]

I need the Pro anymore with just a standard m one trip in a MacBook Air, and it's lighter,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:50]

and it battery lasts all day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:53]

When we started this podcast, you and I both went out and bought 13 inch MacBook Pros. They were fantastic machines. You still have yours. You're on your computer. I am recording on that right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:03]

So if you recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:05]

I don't believe at that point in time, there even for what we do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:09]

that there was any other option than to buy the MacBook Pro. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:14]

There there just there was too much of a gap in terms of performance and quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:19]

And I think this is this is what I wanna highlight on. Like, today, I don't I don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:26]

I I don't think the option is as simple as, like, buy the most powerful thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:30]

because most people are not going to need the computers that they revealed today. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:35]

Well, again, you've been saying this for a while now. Most people don't need a MacBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:41]

Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Most most people are just fine with iPads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:44]

Those that do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:46]

I think the Air, you know, has has, like, resurfaced as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:50]

the go to computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:52]

for people who want a Mac computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:55]

Right? It was that way before. If you remember, like, we've talked about this before. The Air was a sweet spot for a long time, and then they stopped updating it. But I think this m one chip has taken the Air and elevated it to the computer for most people. And on top of that, I think it's way more powerful than what most people need. You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:14]

So these are exciting times for Apple. I I really think to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:18]

in this this Mac user space, to love the Mac, this is just a great time to be sitting back and and enjoying what Apple is doing and taking it all in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:29]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:30]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:32]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:33]

my next purchase,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:36]

I'm probably not gonna buy a computer for another eight years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:40]

So who knows? It'll be it'll be a hot minute. It'll it'll be after an iPhone upgrade. IPhone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:46]

is the next thing that I buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:48]

Okay. Alright. Still still no preorder? None of that? No preorder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:51]

Okay. Alright. Well, maybe in a few weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:57]

You're rather anonymous.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:58]

You think I'm gonna end up with the 13?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:00]

I I really I think so. I think the 13 I I don't 14.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:05]

14.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:06]

No. Because I'm getting the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:08]

service battery light on my phone now. So With the what? I don't even know what that is. Like, when you go into the battery options, it, says you're down under 75

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:17]

or whatever now. So max capacity life, so you should service it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:21]

I've never I've never seen that before. I've never gotten to that point. It's because you buy a new phone every year, Stan. Well, that's that that is true. That is true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:29]

I will tell you this. So I I got the I got the Pro Max. Right? So it was it was bigger. I so far, I've been absolutely loving it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:37]

I have definitely not get that model. I know you won't. I know. But I have struggled to get the battery for this under 50%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:44]

Nice. So my battery woes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:47]

they've gone away. So can you last a full two days now? Have you tried?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:51]

I've not tried. I've not tried. That would be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:54]

it'd be interesting to A day when you aren't gonna leave the house or something? Like, see how long it will go. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:00]

yeah. I mean, I don't leave the house that often, so I could probably get away with that. I think the other thing too is I I don't do any optimization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:07]

in terms of like, all my apps are set to defaults.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:11]

I I I, like, don't use dark mode during the day. All all the things that, like, they it's just set to do, that's the way it's configured.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:19]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:20]

that's fine. Like, that's that's all hunky dory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:23]

But I I think if I got into the habit of tweaking all those things, I could definitely get two days out of it. I've got no doubt about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:32]

My new watch came. I have yet to try the little swipe y keyboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:38]

I really think that Apple has dropped the ball on their their bands, though. I I really I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:44]

just really dissatisfied

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:46]

with their band selection. I'm okay with the one I got, but what I've noticed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:50]

is if you go and look at the selection of bands they released, the sport loops in particular. Right? Because I think those are the most compelling, the quad sport loops.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:00]

The colors are either muted in a weird way or they have,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:03]

like, inconsistent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:05]

hues that come out. So I have a I I wound up with the tornado gray one or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:10]

which is it looks like it's supposed to have a black and grayish stripe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:15]

And I don't like the fact that there it's not uniform left or right either, but it is what it is. At least it's not like the the blue one. Remember that? Where the the underside was a different color? Oh, yeah. That drove me bonkers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:25]

But there's, a green hue that comes out in the plastic piece, and I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:29]

it's fine. It's it's all gonna work out. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:33]

I will say I think Hermes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:35]

has the best band selections right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:38]

I think you should just go back to, like, the $10 Timex that you pick up from Walmart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:43]

Oh, no. Like, your band probably won't. I love I genuinely love the Apple Watch. I genuinely love the Apple Watch. I just think it's it's weird that the bands that I love the most are ones that I got with my series four and my series three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:57]

Know? Which still fit this watch, don't they? They do. Yeah. They're all they're all interchangeable. I still use them. I will say that the one I got with my my series three,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:05]

is is progressed. Like, the Velcro is less sticky. Like, it's got less of a hold. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:11]

you know, it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:13]

Again, Hermes,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:15]

I'm coming for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:18]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:21]

John. I we've we were gonna talk about professionalism today and we didn't even get to it. We wanted to talk about professionalism for the last four weeks. At some point, it will drop off.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:31]

Well, may maybe next time. We'll get to it next time. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:35]

I think that's it for the Kurter Burger and the Apple event. What what more like, that's that is a classic

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:41]

Life With a Twisted Lemon episode right there. We got meat and we got apple. Meat and Macs. That's Meat and macs. It doesn't get better than that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:49]

alright, my friend. Until next time. Later, man. This

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:53]

is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go get a vaccine.
