---
title: Where You Do Your Best Work
episode: 48
date: '2019-06-06T12:25:03.000Z'
slug: where-you-do-your-best-work/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. It's one of those episodes where we start off with a correction. But this week, apparently, it's not mine. It was me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

I messed up. We were talking about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

how I hadn't seen the most recent Star Trek movie, and I said Star Trek Into Darkness,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

which is the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

I don't I don't even know what to call it, abomination of a con remake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

Yeah. That that's that's the one that killed the reboot for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:47]

Right. So I have not seen Star Trek Beyond,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

which is apparently the one that you actually like. Yeah. So shame on me for not catching it when you said it. I should have caught it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

of these three movies, I do I think I own two of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

I have not I own the first one. I've not seen them more than a couple times, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

I don't know. I Yeah. I'm not I'm not a fan of those reboots.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

We know. I I think overall, it's casted pretty well, though. I mean, it's just bad writing. The casting's fantastic. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

the the writing is bad. The cinematography, the first one, is horrific.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

Right? It's like Man. It's nauseating. You know, I don't like the lens flares? No. It was it was overdone. It was just way overdone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

I the thing that I have said all along and the reason that I like Beyond

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

over and above the other three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

is because it stands alone without needing the the prior cast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

to be a movie. And it's it's hokey. It's not Star Trek like I think of Star Trek, but it's a better movie than the first two. And you know what? If if you, dear listener, wanna fight me on that, go for it. Take it to Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

But We'll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

we'll actually read Facebook arguments,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

just not Reddit arguments. There you go. I I will say this. The first movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

everything up until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

probably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

Spock the Elder appears is really excellent. Mhmm. Once Yeah. Once they start getting to that point where they're going to reset the timeline is when it falls apart for me. But that, like, the beginning, I thought was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

Now that is the movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

that has the direct reference to Stan Lemon as captain James Tiberius Kirk. Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

You've said this for years and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

you flatter me. Go ahead, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:34]

So, Pike is telling Kirk,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

like, in five years, you'll be captain of a starship. I don't remember the right quote. I didn't pull it up. Kirk

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

turns around and says or he comes back later when he's about to join Starfleet Academy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

and he says, I'll do it in three. And then he does it. And that is like Stan Lemmon because Stan Lemmon graduated high school in three years and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

graduated college in three years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Lest anyone think that this is somehow reflective of my intelligence,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

I just didn't like school and wanted out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

See, I took a different route. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

I do remember watching that movie and thinking, yes. I love the reference.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

Anyways, we talked enough about Star Trek last week. We have a new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:23]

iTunes or Apple Podcasts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

review.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

We'll talk about which it is later, but I think I think you should read this one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

Review title. Hey. I know these guys. Five stars, which is a little surprising coming from this person, Buto MT,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

which means Buto Mark

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:43]

Thomas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

The review, the main reason I listen to this podcast is because I am the father-in-law of one of the two hosts. Not it. I won't say which one. Not it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

I got nothing there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:57]

Listening allows me to learn things about how my daughter and son-in-law are doing that I would never otherwise hear in a nice phone call or text message.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:05]

Since these two characters are also good friends of mine, having worked with them closely for many many years, this podcast also helps to calm and reassure my fragile ENFP ego

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

when I see how they have matured under the application of my years of wisdom and insight. You're welcome, boys, and keep up the wit infused and geek laden ban banter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

There's so much to unpack here. First of all, John, do you wanna give, your in laws a quick update on how the Kohlmeyer House is doing this week?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:35]

To Anna's last week of school, so she's pretty much been living there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

I've been busy with work and trying to make my lawn look nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:44]

No

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

cataclysmic disasters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

It rained last night. The basement is dry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

The pit didn't overflow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

Knock on wood.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

right now, good, I guess. It's not like he ever reaches out to me. I think Anna calls occasionally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

and she gets Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

Good. That was a great update. Thank you, Mark, for leaving your your review. On to the next to the agenda. You apparently forgot to do a milkshake review last week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:14]

I did forget to do a milkshake review last week. I was all excited because I got a milkshake. It's been a while. Those new listeners, if you go back to pretty much any episode, it will contain us talking insanely long about milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

I stopped by Chick fil A, and I got myself a chocolate milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:32]

which was delightful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

So was this the first time you had a milkshake from Chick fil A?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:38]

At least since we started,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

really thinking about the milkshakes that we were consuming and reviewing them on the podcast. Okay. Well, sometime between episodes one and forty seven, I'm pretty sure I reviewed a, Chick fil A milkshake. I don't entirely recall what I said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

I think I found it acceptable. I think it was generally generally favorable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

Yeah, consistency was good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

Whipped cream, cherry on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

It was it was great. Did you watch how they make it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

I did not actually get the milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Missus Kolmeyer brought the milkshake home for me. Was it still solid? Like, was it still cold enough? It was. Okay. So is there a Chick fil A pretty close to the house?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

Yeah. Like, less than five minutes away. Okay. That's good. That's good. Chick fil A has this interesting machine. I actually watched them reload it. It has these bags,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

that they use to mix the milkshake that they reload with. It's it's very it's very odd. Clearly, very commercialized. Like, I'm sure they've got this down to a science.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

Right. I I did appreciate. Felt like it was consistent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

and it was not overly watery or, like, icy, which is one of the big complaints I had, if you recall, from both Dairy Queen and Steak and Shake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

Oh, I don't know if I've had a Dairy Queen one. Steak and Shake, was not impressed with. I I think you will be equally disappointed with Dairy Queen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:02]

So there is a local ice cream stand, kinda like an old style Dairy Queen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

a couple blocks away that has milkshakes, but I have not been there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

And then there's also this burger joint not far away that also has milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

So I may have said that the milkshake thing was dead after Hamburg Inn completely disappointed me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

But I think that now that it's warm again and it feels like a milkshake season, we may have some more reviews coming. Well, I look forward to those reviews, John. I, I'm I'm not on still on my hiatus. I haven't had one in a bit. It's okay. This, though, was the week of cake, which I'm happy to review for you. Just suffice to say that I went to a baptism party. I had cake. I got cake for missus Lemon's birthday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

and there were cupcakes for Evelyn's birthday. Consequently, I have just been eating cake constantly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:55]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

I'm not a big fan of cake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

there's very little that I like about it. It has to be done well. Right? Like, I I think yeah. I I like a good yellow cake with a good buttercream frosting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:08]

And See, buttercream frosting isn't like what you normally think of as frosting, so I'll allow it. That that is the only thing I think of when it comes to frosting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

I don't get I don't eat cake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

unless it has buttercream frosting. How's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

Well, this this explains a little more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

So the next time you're out, we'll make we'll make cupcakes with buttercream frosting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

I think Sarah uses the, the Duff Goldberg recipe, which is fantastic. Do you remember Duff Goldberg?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

No. Think I got that name right. He's the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

Ace of Cakes guy. If not, Sanchez is yelling. Oh my gosh. Oh, Cake Boss? Duff Goldman's cakes. Oh my gosh. Goldman? Yeah. Charm City Cakes. Well, you you fixed it now, so we don't have to correct it next week. But Duff Goldman,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

I was close. Start with gold. I was you know? But, anyhow, you know, Big Food Network guy, and suffice to say he's got a great buttercream frosting recipe. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:04]

Cool. Well, happy birthday to all of the lemons who've had birthdays recently, and yours is coming up here soon. There's a rumor about that. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

on on the topic of food, I had guests this past week. You may know them. The dear right reverend Aaron Fanker and his family came and stayed with us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

pastor Fanker got to my house and quickly decided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

that we needed to smoke some meat. Right? This is his MO. He likes smoked meat. And I was like, okay. Well, what are we gonna smoke? And next thing I know, out of this little cooler underneath his beer, he had buried a slab of Kobe beef.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

Wow. Yeah. So now I want you to think about this. What man just drives around with a slab of Kobe beef in his cooler?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

Especially one who's a pastor. Yeah. Well, yeah. So it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

he did point out that it was just a single Kobe beef steak. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

we we got the the smoker out, and I just so happened to have some, cattle drive, you know, the the meat roast by Fanker seasoning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

intended for beef. I I had some minutes, so we seasoned it up. We smoked it and seared it on my grill after we were done. So we smoked it, I think, I don't know, it was probably, like, 40 minutes or whatever. I got my grill up to 700 degrees, and we seared that thing both sides,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

cut it into strips for everybody, and I can tell you unequivocally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

that this thing melted in your mouth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

So did I talk about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:37]

the Wagyu beef at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

my surprise birthday party number one network? I think you told me off air. I don't think we talked about it on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

So there was this startup in the last cohort of the startup accelerator accelerator that runs out of my building,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

called

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

I don't know if it's Biteable or Bytable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

So they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

basically are direct farmers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

They source the beef organically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

Wagyu beef,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

buytablefoods.com,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

and it was delicious. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:13]

you can get, like, $65

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:16]

per pound stuff, $99

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:18]

per pound stuff, and that was probably the best beef that I have ever had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

There is something truly special about Kobe or or Ragu. One of them is the Japanese name. One of them is the American name for the Japanese cut or whatever. Right. I I can't keep it straight. But if you like beef, this is the way to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

It it is a just beautiful marbling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

and with the right seasoning, like meat rubs by Fanker, cattle drive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

you just you can't go wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:50]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:51]

Anything else on food?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

No. But I'm hungry again. Oh, I should tell you. I made,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

I've been trying to think how to how to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

rephrase this. I made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

baked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

cheese sandwiches today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:05]

Alright. That doesn't In the oven. It You didn't try them on the smoker. It doesn't roll off the tongue when I say baked cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

Well, it's almost

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

it's alphabetical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

All of our people who like things in order will like it. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

So shifting gears here. Did you watch any of the WWDC stuff? We talked a little bit about some of the predictions last time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

No. And I haven't really done my homework just catching little glimpses here and there, including via your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

live texting of it. Okay. So you didn't watch the keynote at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

I did not because it was yesterday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

and I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

lazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

You didn't you didn't follow, like, a real time blog or read any summaries or anything like that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

I have skimmed several different things, but nothing in-depth. So you're gonna have to carry this conversation stamp. Oh my gosh, John. It's it's like I you you don't even prep anymore. Okay. So A core tenant of the podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

Max. And I didn't I had I had a brief break at work that I was able to catch about forty five minutes when it was going live.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

I read a live blog from beginning to end at the end of the day, and then I actually rewatched parts of the keynote that I missed. And here's here's the thing that struck me the most. This thing was jam packed full of stuff. I mean, it was busy. There was a lot of stuff that got announced in the Apple ecosystem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

on Monday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

I mean, like, every every platform had significant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

changes coming to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

IOS 13. Right? The I think we talked about dark mode. That's for real. One that surprised me was a swipe keyboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

We talked about the reminders changes. That was all real. That looks great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

One thing that I wasn't expecting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

iPad OS. So they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

splitting the OS. They're I don't know if it's a fork or what, but it they're gonna have a more catered set of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

UI constructs for the iPad. To me, this is like amping it up, you know, making the iPad a more serious device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

for pro users

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

or power users, whatever you wanna call. MacOS Catalina, a lot of the stuff that I think we talked about all came true. You alluded to the fact that they're splitting up music and podcasts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

and TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

into separate apps on your Yep. Mac computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

I yeah. You know, I I didn't think this was a big deal. I don't know. Do you care, like, honestly?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

So I don't. I think that there's a certain demographic who's gonna get confused, but they probably won't update

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

Could could be. So here's here's the thing. Right? On on Mac OS today, iTunes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

handles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

every kind of media

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

that you would want to play, and it also manages your iPhone, your iPod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

And this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

like, it is a bloated piece of software.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

It's an artifact of the history of Apple. Right? Apple Right. Bought iTunes from a startup way back in the day, and all it was was, you know, an app for ripping music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

Eventually, they shoehorned the store into it. When they had the iPod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

they did device management on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

By the time the iPhone came around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

they had this existing device management system that they could work on from iTunes. And that's how iTunes became, like, the thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

that allowed you Yep. To hook up your iPhone. Plus, iTunes was available on Windows way back in the day. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

Right. Long before That's crazy. Long before I was a Mac guy, I was an iTunes guy. Did you use iTunes before you went to the Mac?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

No. I used some, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

open source program. I don't even remember what it was called.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

I mean, when I first got an iPad, I used iTunes, and I was still running Windows at that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

But yeah. I I've been on iTunes forever. So this for me is a little bittersweet. Right? Like, nostalgia is is kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

But I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

by and large, you know, it's a separation concerns kinda thing. I get it. Makes sense. Apparently, all the sync stuff is getting moved to the finder. I'm not sure that that makes sense. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

don't think so? It's it's weird. I would have rather just had a separate sync app, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

I think there's a the potential to shove a lot of unnecessary stuff in the finder. The the thing though, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

that I'm still not sold on is that people actually plug their devices into their computers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Right. I mean, do you do you ever plug your iPhone into your laptop?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

I never have. Not my current laptop or current iPhone. What about missus Kilmer? Last time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

no. But the last time we did that, I think, was to take

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

a backup of her phone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:52]

it just got backed up to the cloud automatically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

So it was a long time ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

Yeah. So when I get a new device, I tend to do it because the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

passwords

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

did not like, your your key chain did not get included in the backups to the iCloud. I think that actually changed recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

But you could do like, you got the re enter a lot less data if you used a device backup and restore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

So I did that. I also when I was doing software development on an iPhone, I used it quite a bit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

that way, but that was it. I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

I I think this phone might have been plugged into this laptop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

because I did a little bit iOS development when I first got this, but that's that's been forever ago, it seems.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

So you know what a cool use case is for that, actually?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:42]

I haven't personally done it, but the guy who's behind me at work has.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

If you plug your iPhone in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

and open up Safari,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

you can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

basically run the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

mobile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

Safari on your computer and have access to inspector and things like that, which is kinda cool. Yeah. There's a good there's a good debugging interface for that. I have used that in the past.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

So this reminds me, one of the other interesting announcements

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

that came out with iPadOS is actually using it as a remote display as well as like a Yeah. A drawing tablet. So do you remember the Yep. Wacombs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

Did you ever did ever see one of those? It was a pad you you drew on. It was like the way to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

digital drawing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

They're they weren't cheap. A lot of digital

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

animators would use them. Well, now you can basically do that with the iPad and the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

pencil,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

which I think is pretty cool. Like, I I dig it. I don't I think that's a pretty niche use case, but, you know, again, pretty neat. Pretty neat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

Yeah. So the graphic designer who works out of rebuilding has the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

I guess,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

it's the last generation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

giant iPad Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

and the pencil, and he loves drawing on that thing. I'm not a drawer. So I like, I'm not I'm not a good frame of reference, but everyone I've met has spoken very that is a drawer, that is an artist, has spoken highly of using it. I do use it occasionally to write handwritten notes, and I think it responds fantastically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

I'm not I'm just not the primary use case for the pencil, but, know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

So what was cool that I saw is they built in this thing where if you bring the pencil from one of the corners, it basically screenshots your screen, and then you can mark it up real easily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

That seems like it's potentially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

really useful, especially in the moment or especially me doing web design work. There's there's a whole set of new gestures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

that got built in that look,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

again, intended for that power user. I don't think, you know, like, my mom is gonna be leveraging all those crazy gestures and some of the new power user features, but they're there. And and, yeah, I think they they just kinda take that device up another notch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

I don't wanna belabor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

the WWDC stuff too much, but I do wanna talk about two things that I found really interesting. Did you see the single sign on with Apple?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

I did not. Okay. I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:07]

I'm a terrible terrible

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

Apple fanboy. So this this was interesting to me. Yeah. I'm sure you've seen a button on a website that's like log in with Google or log in with Facebook. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

now apps are going to be able to offer a login with Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

Right. Button.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

Right? What's interesting about this is that it will remain a 100% anonymous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

to the consuming app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

And Nice. They will actually generate a unique

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

email address that will forward to your iCloud email address

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

for you, just for that app. So if you think about it, right, like, if an app starts spamming you, you just get rid of that email address. Right? You stop forwarding or whatever. Right. Like, it allows you to kinda manage those connections that way, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

your email address is completely obfuscated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

from whoever you're logging in with. What what I thought was interesting was Tim Cook was quoted as saying, like, we're not trying to stick it to anybody or something like that, because he was point blank asked, like, is this a you trying to throw a punch at, you know, the Facebooks of the world or the Googles of the world? And, of course, they are. Right? Like, this is very clearly an attack on Facebook and Google's model to just, like, continue to absorb information about you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

I Right. I love I love this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

I don't ever use the login with Facebook or login with Google because I don't wanna give that kind of access to that account out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

But a lot of people do it because of convenience, and a lot of people find it a much easier way to manage passwords. I think this is gonna be a great route.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

The the last interesting bit I will say is that I have heard, and I haven't actually read the App Store guidelines, the revised ones yet myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

But I've heard that if you off offer the ability to log in with another provider, so Facebook, Google, whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

you will be required to also allow your customers to log in with their Apple ID using this method.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

Nice. Yeah. And now I could see that being, you know, fodder for the antitrust stuff that's going on, but I again, I like it because it doesn't give people the opportunity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

not absorb your data. Like, basically, your privacy is protected if they wanna do that kinda login style. So I'm I'm all for it. I thought this is great. It was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

announced,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

I felt like they moved so quickly that it was it was kinda subtle. Right? It was it was lost in just Got it. Really a huge number of announcements.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:36]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

shortly before we started recording, I did a Facebook Live on Twist of Lemon pod Facebook page.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:43]

We got a question that, we should cover from our listener, Katie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

Is anyone going to buy the $4,999

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

Apple monitor with a $999

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

stand. Okay. So quick correction. The base price is actually $5,999,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

or she said monitor. I'm sorry. I was thinking about the computer. So the computer and the monitor are separate. This is the other thing I wanted to talk about. So I think I think we maybe teased this a little bit in the last episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

The Mac Pro has been long neglected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Apple has not sold a display

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

for a couple of years now. They pushed a five k monitor by LG

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

for pro users for a bit, and it was, like, just had all kinds of problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

The reviews were not great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

I've struggled with, like, finding a good monitor to go with my Mac. I've got one that I'm okay with, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

what they did is they pulled out all the stops,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

and they built the most powerful machine that they could possibly build,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

and they made it as customizable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

as you could possibly imagine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

And then they decided to take the most powerful monitor and most beautiful monitor that was out there and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

just take it to a whole another level. Right? So when I think of the computer monitor that just trumps all others, it's usually the iMac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

the five k iMac. Right? Right. Yep. Well, this thing is what, like, eight k?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

And it's got some crazy new HDR technology. It's 32 inch. The thing is expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

But Yeah. It's not it's not a general purpose monitor. Right? This is intended for folks who are shooting eight k video,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

who are in Which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

professional video development,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

making movies. Maybe. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

That that's the kind of thing that this this whole unit is geared towards. Right? So it's not I'm a I'm a software engineer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

I'm not even sure that anything about this device is catered toward me. I think it's it's really hitting a clientele that's that's beyond what I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

But it it's crazy fast, man. That Mac Pro can have up to 28 cores.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

Yep. And did you see did you see what the memory maxed out at?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

I did not. Okay. Take a guess, Jared. I did, but I don't remember. Take a guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

What it maxed out at? It was something like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

don't know, Stan. Well, alright. Let's let's level set. How how much memory do you have in your computer right now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

16. Right. My laptop has 16.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

My current generation Mac Pro, the true affectionately knows the trash can has 64.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

This thing maxes out at 1.5

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

terabytes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

Wow. Yeah. I like, I can't even wrap my head around that. So this is this is playing at a whole other level. I mean, this is capable of doing things that I I can't even fathom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

It's I think it is exactly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

what the community

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

that wanted a better Mac Pro was asking for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

kinda they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

people have been referring to it as the cheese grater, and that I think was intentional by Apple because the last, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

greatly loved Mac Pro that was boxy was also called the cheese grater.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

It had a finer Yeah. Finer grating to it, but, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

it's interesting. This this computer's gotten a lot of press attention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

I think it was exactly what Apple needed to release. I'm stoked that they did it. I will probably never have one. I'm okay with that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

So the verge did some sort of guesstimating

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

what this machine maxed out would be,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

and it came around somewhere, like, $35,000.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

Yep. Still cheaper than a Tesla, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:30]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

probably more powerful. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

def definitely on the computer front.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

the this $5,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

monitor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

that came out, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

one of the things that has taken a lot of flack and actually even had, I think, an a negative audible reaction from the crowd at WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

is that they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

do not ship it with a stand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

or with a Visa compliant bracket. So Visa compliant is, like, when you hook it up to an arm or whatever. Right? Right. The I think the the Visa compliant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

bracket or whatever is, like, 200 for it. The stand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

is a thousand bucks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

Yeah. That's crazy. My the monitor that I am looking at you on right now, John, I think cost $300.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

The monitor. Right. And it came with a stand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

I I think I think those reactions were understandable. I think it's really weird that this does not come with a stand. I'm sure that people mount these things in kinda weird ways or, you know, they're in the studio. It's Yeah. It's not gonna be a normal setup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

I would love to see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:37]

standardization

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

across mounting software, be it TVs, monitors, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

It's pretty standard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

think it's gonna happen. What do you mean? Yeah. But mostly standard unless you got an iMac or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

Well, I I thought the iMac supported a Visa compliant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

bracket.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

So the thing the thing about the Apple equipment, right, is that it doesn't have a mounting point

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

the the VESA, like, arms

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

right at the bat. If you look at this monitor, I think it's actually like a magnet or something that holds this on. I I I couldn't quite grok what was going on there, but it it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

the monitor looks to me like it's designed to pop off the stand pretty easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

Got it. And I I don't know why. Maybe for try Yeah. For trial purposes. Who knows? I mean, it's a it's a giant monitor to be hauling around. Yep. Yep. So very different, very interesting. I think it's a good step for Apple. I look forward to seeing one. I don't expect to see one in my house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

But you never know. You're Stan Lemon, and this was, like, the epitome of the lemon edition. Yeah. Yeah. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

it has been a long time since I've maxed out a computer I ordered, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

Well, that's fun.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

So what is one thing that you are most excited about that you will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

jump on right away?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

seriously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

could see myself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

upgrading both iOS on my iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

Mac Catalina,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

Mac OS Catalina,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

as soon as they become public betas. Because public betas usually line up with, like, beta two or beta three. You have the developer edition. So they're they're relatively stable. I just think both

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

operating systems appear to have a lot of polish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

and some really interesting features. Reminders,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

you know, that overhaul,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

I'm a big user of reminders, so I'm excited about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

Dark mode on the iPhone, I'm excited about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

Those are the things that kinda jump out to me the most.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

it just I I really think they put a nice coat of paint on both operating systems.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:57]

I think I am

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:59]

most intrigued by I don't know if I'll actually pull the trigger, but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

iPadOS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:05]

I think, really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

makes the iPad exciting for me again

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

and kinda differentiates it a little bit for different use cases. There was never a better time to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

be an iPad, like, owner than right now. The iPad has never been Right. More affordable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

and more accessible

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

than it is today, not to mention more powerful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

The that base level

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

iPad that they sell today is really a fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

piece of equipment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

And for most people, it's the computer that they should be using all the time, in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:40]

My 86 year old grandmother

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

loves her iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

Good deal. Hey, man. I She has never owned a desktop computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

She

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

loves the iPad. Well, there you go. I I still to this day, as much as I am a a Mac lover, I use my iPad Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

every single day for something. And it's not just for consumption. I do use it for productivity too. I'll I'll do email, all kinds of things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

Alright. Anything else on that? That's all I got on WWC.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:09]

You wanna talk about where you do your best work since it's been hanging out here and I mentioned it in the Facebook live? Sure, John. What you you wrote this question down in our notes, and I'm not sure what the what the reason was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

other than maybe you were struggling in our productivity. Anymore either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:25]

No. I think that it's just where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

like, what has to be true for you to really be in the zone. There's this,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

kinda legend of Stan Lemon who was in the Lemon Bunker out in Pittsburgh somewhere in a snowstorm hit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

and you ended up writing this whole CRM

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

version one in a weekend or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

So what has to be true to for you to really get in the zone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

so the zone when I was a 20 in the zone now is very different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

I I don't have the stamina

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

that I did right out of college.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

I so it's interesting you you bring this up because I worked an extra long day to day. I clocked about ten and a half hours of actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

in front of my keyboard time, and that's unusual.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

I got to coding,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

and I got to get in, like, a nice long streak of coding. I I tend to do a lot of other things in a week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

and this was a nice change of pace for me. And I I got into the zone. Like, I really enjoyed what I was doing. I felt like I accomplished a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

I'm reflecting this because I think it has less to do with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

where I'm at and even perhaps the weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

And it has more to do with the thing that I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

working on and my level of interest. And I'm sure that's probably true with a lot of people. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

If you like, today, the thing that allowed me to get into the zone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

probably had to do with the fact that I had nothing on my calendar, a rare occasion when I had no meetings. And so I just went, and I could get into my rhythm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

have a nice stream of consciousness, hit the screen, and it was good to go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

where I do my best work is is probably my office,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

and it's my office with the door closed and a clear calendar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:15]

Interesting. Now is that true for things outside of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:19]

your work that you're actually getting paid for? I know that you do a lot of stuff with church. You do stuff around the house all the time. Is there any correlation there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

That's a good question. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

for for example, when I do the financial secretary stuff for church,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

when I go to sit down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

I have usually thought about what I'm gonna work on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

extensively beforehand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

And so when I when I sit down to do it, I do it for an uninterrupted period of time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

and I I I just I churn through until I reach the end. That is the way that I tend to do house projects too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

So I think it's a matter of focus. Right? Like, you you think for me, least, I think about the problem until I know the answer, and then I go implement the answer. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

Interesting. And it makes the time that I'm, you know, engaged in doing the work, I think, more efficient.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

It also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

I I think it makes it more enjoyable. Right? Because I'm taking this thing that I have concocted in my brain and actualizing it, whether it be a piece of code, whether it be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

I don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

hanging the kayaks from the garage, right, and thinking through all the weirdness I had to do there. Those kind of things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

I could just, like, tackle and slug through, but by kinda, you know, thinking through them and fabricating a plan before I even start doing something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

I enjoy it more. Tends to have less mistakes too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:50]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:51]

So I don't think that I go about things all that differently. I'm definitely more productive when there's nobody around. It's quiet. I don't have any meetings, stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:02]

And when there's a really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:04]

interesting problem to me, that's a subjective interesting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

that I wanna figure out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:10]

And the two things that I need for that are as much information as I can possibly gather about the problem and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:17]

different things there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

there were two things, and then I just blanked. You weren't focusing on that, John? And then I and then I really just tinker with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

So I'm more of a tinker than having,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

this clear vision of what it's gonna be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

I kinda work on the problem and handle things that come up as I go through it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

Do you find you get more work done at your office or at your house?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:45]

So I've been trying not to work

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

from home

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:49]

recently. I don't know if that's to the detriment of my productivity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

I get a ton of work done on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:56]

Monday mornings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:58]

So when I've relaxed for most of the weekend,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:01]

not really thought about work, I go in Monday mornings, and that is by far my most productive time of the week when it comes to work stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

But then, yeah, as meetings are scheduled, really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:15]

probably at least forty five minutes after a meeting, unless it's back to back meetings, I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

like, my mind isn't focused on anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:26]

So it's kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

I wouldn't say waste, but it's not, like, my highly creative or highly focused time. Would you say you're most productive before or after lunch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:37]

Before. Yeah. Definitely. So And pot I kinda get a second wind,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:42]

you know, around this time, seven to 08:00 in the evening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:47]

I don't work on work stuff, but, like, I'm here engaged now. I did the Facebook Live earlier. So that's really when I work on other things, whether it be church stuff or side projects and stuff like that. So for me, morning has always been more productive, but it is only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

been it has only been more productive when I have a good start to my morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

What I mean by this is when I first started working remotely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

I didn't have any reason to get up at a specific time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

And I didn't need to necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

shower right away. I could do that at lunch if I wanted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

I could eat breakfast whenever. I could, you know, drag my feet in all kinds of different ways. And and I found that that just didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

I I I wasn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

having the kind of output that I wanted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

So now, you know, I get up, I got a series of things that I do that I churn through before I sit down at my desk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

And then I would say, when I sit down at my desk, my first two to three hours of the day are easily my most productive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

Right. The closer I get to lunch, I start to slow down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

I find right after lunch until, let's say, about 02:30

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

is probably my lowest productivity time. After 02:30, I've got probably two and a half hours where, again, I'm, like, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

hitting it pretty hard and and churning stuff out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

And I I don't I don't know that I've got a good explanation for why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

other than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

I I get I I think I think the middle of the day, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

I when I wake up, I've got what I'm gonna do in my head. I burned through it. Then I got a break and I get some time to think through what I'm gonna do next. And that time when I'm, like, thinking about it, I'm not doing as much. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

But Right. Once I get that all into my brain, then, you know, let's say the 02:30 run, I I I churn through it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

you know, last summer, I would take a bike ride midday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

for half hour to an hour, and that I mean, those days were wildly productive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

And Mhmm. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

I wish I had the flexibility in my meeting schedule to pull that off more regularly, but, you know, it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:57]

So how do meetings affect productivity?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:59]

Because, like, I try to move my meetings to the afternoon because it kind of forces the issue at that point. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

I mean, I don't have that flexibility usually to move meetings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

and I imagine I have more meetings than you do in a given day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

meetings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

are disruptive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

Right? They they are productivity killers most of the time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

in in the sense that, like, if I'm if I'm working on something, I'm in that creative mode, I have to stop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

to completely context shift into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

a different topic, and then hopefully shift back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

It's just that doesn't work. Right? It's it's it's too abra abrasive. It's like making a, you know, purely 90 degree turn in a car at 90 miles an hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

You know, it doesn't work. Right. And if you try it, usually, something goes wrong. You're gonna roll over. Yeah. Yeah. So I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

by and large, you know, managing your schedule is probably the key, right, to doing your best work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

Everybody has different ways of of tackling that. For me, it's it's routine and it's giving my brain time to process before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

I actually start, you know, banging stuff out, if you will. And everybody's different, so I don't know that there's, like, a one size fits all kinda thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

But Right. I I do think you know, we've talked a little bit in the past about, like, journaling or just writing down, like, what, like, cataloging your day. Right? I don't want I'm not talking about journaling like pouring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

out your heart's deepest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

emotions on the paper, but, like, capturing your secret crush. Yeah. Right. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:31]

But but actually delineating, like, here's what happened today, right, in in kind of a historical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

fashion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

I have found that to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

very helpful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

from a reflective standpoint. Like, I can see what works and what doesn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

And Right. As I so I think we've talked about this in the past. I love the day one app because I I load it up, I can see what's happened in years past.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

And and I've I've started to be able to, like, deduce trends from that. And so especially over the last year or two, I've used that to kinda guide some decisions in how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

I operate and how I function,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

and and that's been helpful. So I I totally recommend that. Like, again, it doesn't have to I mean, you don't have to write a thousand words, you know, just like, this is what I did today or or, you know, delineate your work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

If you're in a software gig like us, right, you have stand up, and you probably speak your stand up. I also tend to write mine down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

right, so that I can go and reflect on it. Yeah. So we'd we'll generally put ours

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:30]

in Slack before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:31]

we ever actually have a stand up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

So you probably then have the ability to at least look back on it. Slack is not necessarily gonna be the best way to say, hey. Like, here's what I did Right. A month ago. But you're doing the writing, you could stick it somewhere else that kinda caters to that kind of recall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

I I think I think there's value in that from a reflective standpoint. I recommend that to everybody. I just think that's a that's a good habit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

One other thing that too that stands out to me, when I was in Seymour, you you you're familiar with my office. It's this big cavernous room. Yep. He needed a ping pong table. Yeah. I needed something. It was mostly empty. It was not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:08]

very,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

welcoming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:10]

and I like, I didn't enjoy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

being in that space. So I never went back up there after I was done with work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:19]

And if I did something after hours, it was from the couch downstairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

Now you contrast that with the office I have today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

and this is this is like my little safe haven. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:31]

So Yep. I'll come here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

at really any point if I wanna work on something, whether it be work or church related or even, like, just doing the bills, I come to this space because I I can be productive here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

And I think that that's critical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

So you have to you really have to cater a space to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:49]

be comfortable to you. And I think that there's you know, comfortableness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:53]

kinda caters productivity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

So if you don't find yourself wanting to go to the space that you're at, you need to change that up. You know, that's Right. That's harder in a big corporate setting. It's a lot easier at home, but I I think I think there's a lot to that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:09]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:11]

Well, I think that's pretty good for where you do your best work. I did have an idea for a future episode on what makes a good meeting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:20]

And since you are the meeting expert, we'll talk about that in one of the future episodes here. Oh, boy. I don't know if I'm a meeting expert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

Definitely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

I definitely have the meeting experience. We'll we'll leave it at that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:33]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:34]

So, dear listener,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:36]

if you like our podcast, if you don't like our podcast, head to life with a twist of lemons on iTunes or Apple Podcasts depending on your device,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:44]

and leave us a five star review. Written reviews get stickers. You need to send my father-in-law some. Actually, he has one already. Does he get another one? I don't know. Does he want another one is the question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

Well, he can let us know via text message because he has our phone numbers. There you go. And we'll see if he actually does listen to the, the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:03]

Right. All the way to the end. Like us on Facebook, life with twist of lemon on Twitter, twist of lemon pod. And as always, visit our website, twist of lemon pod dot com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:13]

See you, John. Later,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:16]

Stan.

