---
title: Jon has friends other than Stan!
episode: 44
date: 2019-05-09T12:42:46.000Z
slug: jon-has-friends-other-than-stan/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation with John covered various topics including Marvel,
  specifically discussing the upcoming season of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., the
  show's continuity with the movies, and the potential for a dark Coulson
  storyline. They also briefly touched on the Kentucky Derby, with John sharing
  his lack of knowledge about the event and Patrick jokingly offering to teach
  him more. The episode concluded with a humorous exchange about mint juleps and
  leaving reviews.
keywords:
  - Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
  - Marvel
  - continuity
  - Coulson storyline
  - Kentucky Derby
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So I know we released an episode just a week ago, but it feels like forever, doesn't it? It does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

It. My microphone was still the cord was all wrapped up, so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

it's been a long time since we recorded considering I've been home for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

It's it was a it was a wild ride. Wasn't it? Like, I I I look back and I reflect on what we did the long evening, and then an episode that yielded almost an hour of what I thought was particularly good content.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

It was. And our non optimal recording situation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

turned out okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

Yeah. There's a little bit of echo but I think all in all you did pretty good, John. Cleaning it up. Thanks, man. This makes up for that one time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

I wouldn't go that far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

I wouldn't go that far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

So I'm curious, have you gotten good feedback about the episode, like, from people you know that listen to the show?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

I actually haven't heard it heard anything about the Avengers episode. We have had many people download it, but I haven't heard anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

specifically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

Interesting. Well, I have heard some feedback. It has all been positive, which I appreciate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

I also, in the last week, went to Atlanta.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

I was there with, my colleagues, and a number of them indicated they listened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

Thanks. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

know about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Heather Darts and Michael Westfall. Props to them. Again, I also learned that colleague

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

Michael Noga listens. So that was that was kinda cool. Shout out to to all of them for continuing to stay strong. Somehow, I managed to go to Atlanta without any Twist of Lemon stickers though. Oh, man. Know. Fail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

I'll I'll be back. I'll be back, and I'll bring You should mail some to the office

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

for distribution.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

I should. That's not a bad idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

Next up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

Stan Lemon and John Kollmeyer bobbleheads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

Let's not go that far. Although, will tell this. LEGO games. I a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

friend at the office who uses a camera to take images, like 360 degree images of, people's heads and then prints them on a three d printer. And they're actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

surprisingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

accurate,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

almost alarmingly so. So are we talking, like, actual three d printing of heads, or are we talking, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

presidential busts that sit on people's desks? They're I mean, they're they're busts. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

they've got small versions, and then they've been working up the big versions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

There's a whole, like, collaborative element into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

you know, polishing out the I don't even know what you call it, the image file.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

But, yeah, it's it's a thing. They've done a couple different folks' heads. It's it's impressive. I I admire it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

Something to keep in mind. Yeah. There you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

Beyond the Avengers episode, you indicated that there has been continued controversy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

over,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

our grilled cheese episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

one of our Iowa friends

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

who was in Iowa before me was catching up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

apparently listening to the most recent episode first and working way backwards. So the grilled cheese episodes appeared out of order, where she listened to the second one first and then the first one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

Grilled cheese episode. I don't know what to say, man. It's still controversial.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

People don't agree with either of us. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

so okay. Let's let's just be clear. Was were they objecting to the idea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

that a actual,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

like, Weber grill was required?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

They did object to actually having to grill a grilled cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

I believe the question was if you make hard boiled eggs in an instant pot, are they still hard boiled eggs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

I've never made a hard boiled egg in an instant pot, so I I can't actually judge that. I would imagine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

you know my angle. Right? It's the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

method, like the chemical changes and the result of those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

that make a thing what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

Not the, you know, ways in which you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

make those chemical reactions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

form. So for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

it doesn't have to be on a grill to be a grilled cheese as long as the bread is crunchy and the cheese is melty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:56]

I'm not gonna get into this again because we literally are arguing semantics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

And if a grilled cheese tastes like a grilled cheese, probably is a grilled cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

So I am curious. Did you see,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

my sister-in-law

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

who I I'm not sure. I don't think she listens to the podcast, but let's just assume for the moment she does. Did you see that she was talking about using mayo and Yeah. Butter versus mayo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

I've never tried it, so I can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

A waffle maker? Yeah. Belgian but I I don't even know how that works. A Belgian waffle maker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

Well, I guess look like a waffle?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

Maybe. My see, my waffles are circular. Maybe that's my problem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

I don't know. I I like I I can't wrap my head around that. But the mayo thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

I'm I'm not going to rule it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

I just I don't know that I would actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

I think the mayo would add some tang and that's what I'm not sure about at the end of the day. Probably depends on what kind of mayo. There are some people who swear against all things mayo. I'm not one of those people. I will eat it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

I don't know. Mayo is important for a BLT. Right? So that's that's when I bust out the mayo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

Other than that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

there are not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

there there's not a sandwich that I can think of in which I would apply

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

mayo to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

Would you put mayo on a hamburger?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

I don't think I would personally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

but I've definitely ordered a burger where mayo is on it. Like, a Wendy's hamburger is pretty good, and that's got this cool ketchup mixture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

Okay. So you order when you go to Wendy's, you get the hamburger exactly as it's on the menu?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

Whenever I go anywhere, I get things exactly as they are on the menu because I'm not difficult person standing. Okay. This is interesting because when I go to Wendy's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

I cancel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

the ketchup and the mayo and I add mustard or extra mustard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

Interesting. Yeah. It always guarantees that the burger is fresh. That's one of the reasons that I do it. So that it's not one of the ones that have been sitting on the line.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:01]

I like to streamline decisions as much as possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

So, like, if somebody studied this and decided that the recipe should be the way that it should be, then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

I just go with it. If it's a place where they ask, okay, what do you want on your burger? Usually, I say the works. The exception to that rule is when I go to Five Guys where I try different concoctions just to have fun. I don't think I would ever order the works because I just it's too open ended. Right? Like, there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

I need boundaries, and and also there are certain flavors that do not go well together. You do need boundaries, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

There are certain flavors that don't go well together on a burger. Right? Like Fair enough. You wouldn't do pineapple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

and let's say anchovies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

Right? That would that would I wouldn't do anchovies at all. Or or what about pineapple and a fried egg? Like I probably would not put pineapple on a burger. Okay. Well I mean, it it's gotta be a pretty pretty amazing. So one time you did this grilled pineapple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

with, this barbecue sauce,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

maybe that would work because of the nice smoky flavor, but just not something I would think about. I still would prefer the pineapple on the side. But my point is Got it. I I've seen that as an option, like a slice, a circular slice of pineapple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

and I don't think like, here's another another combination.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

Dill pickle and pineapple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

You know, I I just don't think you would do that. Or even, let's say, avocado

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

sweet pickle. Like, I don't think that would be a good combination.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

That's fair. So anyhow, I never do the works. What when you go to Jimmy John's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

what do you order?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

Usually, a number five, the Vito. Okay. So there's no mayo on that. Have you ever gotten another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

sandwich at Jimmy John's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

I'm sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

the point is, I guess, you would get mayo on that. Right? Like a roast beef? Does it come with mayo normally? I mean, there there are number of sandwiches that do. I am not opposed to mayo on a roast beef sandwich. Okay. Well, interesting. If I was making it myself, I would probably lean towards a spicy mustard or something like that. But See, would do a mayo based horseradish sauce. A mayo based. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:12]

Same idea there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

I mean I just don't usually have horseradish around. The the tang is different. Right? Like, it's that's not Right. You know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

So you know what's really good on burgers that you wouldn't really it's not the first thing that comes to mind. What what's that, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

Green peppers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

Great. Wait. Raw or cooked or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

Either way, man. What else do you have with the green pepper?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

Whatever else I decide to get at Five Guys that time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

So raw green pepper and then, like, you have mustard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:47]

I don't remember what else I put on it, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

I don't know. I just pick things that are interesting. What's not great that I thought would be better was when you put hot sauce on your Five Guys burger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

Just kinda a lame hot sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

Okay. So the problem wasn't hot sauce on a burger. It was the particular type of hot sauce?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

Correct. Okay. I believe hot sauce on a burger can work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

You know what'd be good? Do you do sriracha on a burger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

I would. I don't buy sriracha all that often either, though. So I'm not actually a sriracha fan, but what I was thinking of was, gotchu chang. I would like that on a hamburger. I would like that a lot. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

We need to meet up against Dan and just spend the whole time cooking. None of this sitting in a movie theater for six hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

Six and change. But yeah. Yeah. No, John. Six and change. I totally totally agree with you. Come back. Come back and let's cook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

We ate well in Indy, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

I think that we can make our own food too. Yeah. Yeah. We actually didn't didn't cook that much. I did make pizza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

but that was that was pretty much the extent of it, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

Missus Lemon made tomato soup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

I think we were Is that the only things? We were too tired to make any other food, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

Could be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:06]

so grilled cheese episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

If you haven't listened, go back and listen. Tell us what you think, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:13]

I really don't care that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

The Stan cares more than I do. For the record, I care a lot. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

the person who was listening to that also left a five star review on iTunes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

and also yelled at me. She yelled at me because in some episode past, I said that you were my only friend and you live in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

Christian Sanchez, Daniel Sanchez,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:42]

and their children

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

are my friends as well, and they live just twenty minutes away. So There you go. Well, props. They're coming over next week. You're gonna read this review, John, or do I have to pull it up? I'll read this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

Do you do you have it up? No. I don't I don't have it up, but I have it here. Can find it if you keep talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

I got it. So title, spending time with friends, five stars by Kushlet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

What a joy to listen to two friends shooting the breeze on topics across such a vast array of interest. John and Stan have kept you company while driving, doing dishes, cleaning, killing time before appointments, and elsewhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

My kids are excited to hear uncle John on the radio,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:19]

and I'm happy that I can play the podcast without worrying about what they'll hear. I don't know if that's completely true, but we do have that clean lyrics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

thing, so you won't hear any vulgarity from us. You might need to worry about other things that you hear, though. Yeah. We we really can't guarantee that you won't hear poor decision making. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

Like, apparently, my choice in grilled cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

I've finished off the review. They're getting no stand now too. Listen. You won't be disappointed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

So thanks, Kristen. It means a lot. I believe that you have some limited edition life with a twist of lemon stickers on the way. Yep. I, I put those in the mail, I think, yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

I even I put one in probably get them before the stairs. Yeah. I put one in for everybody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

Even Daniel, who apparently

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

yells at Doesn't know how to work iTunes. Well, there's that. But I I you you said that he yells at the phone or whatever when he's streaming the podcast. So Yeah. He doesn't he doesn't like what you have to say, especially around Marvel and messing up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

Star Wars planets. One

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

mistake. One mistake. I guess, is that a is that a proper segue to talk about the Spider Man trailer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

Yeah, man. Let's do it. So this was was interesting. I guess we should probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

do a spoiler alert because that's what that's how they started this Spider Man trailer. This is really bizarre because when Tom Holland speaks and he's not doing his American accent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

I have to do a double take. It's just very odd.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

This trailer starts with Tom Holland basically saying, if you haven't seen Avengers Endgame, you really shouldn't watch this trailer. This is the only trailer that I can think of that I have ever seen somebody do this. It was very bizarre.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

Yeah. So this is weird. So if Marvel had complete control,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

like, the Spider Man movie might just be being announced,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

and they probably wouldn't put in the trailer out for another month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

Yeah. It's supposed to come out in July. Right? Yes. Correct. So the I think the timing is probably not ideal for the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

Trailers definitely weren't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

ideal. And the initial trailer came out, I don't even know when, like, what, in January? And it was very clear that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

somebody survives the snappening. Right? Because Spider Man was gone PK. In the snappening. Title character. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

Yeah. So, you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

think the question is, did anybody really think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

Spider Man wasn't gonna come back in Endgame?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

I doubt it. Yeah. I like it would just be naive. So I don't know that it really spoiled much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

other than, like, Nick Fury was in that trailer, and I think there were open questions about Nick Fury. Right? Right. But, you know, that that's about it. So I I was fine with it. I I think one of the things I'm still kinda struggling to figure out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

with this trailer and with the last one is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

there are five years that elapse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

before this movie takes place. Right? From from the end of Infinity Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

So did everybody disappear in the snappening? Are they all still in high school together?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

Like, it's the same question we were left at the end of Endgame there where they're reuniting in school. Something about that doesn't seem right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

Right. But, you know, whatever. Like, well, I'm sure they'll explain it or try to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

I hope so. They may just ignore it. Yeah. Maybe. I think that I don't know, man. That would bother me. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

It's a different world, Stan. Yeah. I know they talk about New York, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

If if they gave a poor explanation, that would be better than no explanation in my book. But You think so? Yeah. That's just gonna make you angrier. We're gonna spend a whole podcast episode talking about it. It's it's entirely possible. So here's here's the other thing that I think is interesting about this. Right? They are going to For the record,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

we're gonna spoil Endgame,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

not the Spider Man trailer, but we're gonna do both. So if you haven't seen Endgame,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

maybe fast forward for another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

twenty minutes. There you go. So the it starts off with him lamenting Tony's death. You know, no surprise there. Like, that's the thing that it's spoiling. Right? That's the only thing in this trailer that spoils Endgame as far as I'm concerned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

Well, yeah. No. I think I think that's true. What do you think? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

Yep. The the other I mean, there's there's more stuff tied into that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

with Nick Fury and with Happy and stuff like that, but, yeah, it all centers around that. The other thing I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

that could potentially be considered spoiler, but I I really don't think is, is Fury makes this reference to the snappening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

fracturing the universe, or whatever, basically creating the multiverse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

To me, that's a reference to Infinity Wars. It's not a reference to Endgame, although it could be a reference to Endgame. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

all this to say is, like, Sony could have just left out the whole morning Tony bit, and then it not have been a spoiler. You know? Right. So I think that was a bad bad call. And our our friend Patty, who did the Endgame episode with us, was quick to point out that Sony has a reputation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

for leaking major plot points and trailers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

Now you contrast that to the Endgame trailer, right, where all they did was show clips from basically the first thirty minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

So Right. I you know, whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

Like So, anyway, this is the last Spider Man trailer that we'll be talking about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

Are you sure? You don't you don't you're not planning to watch the next one? Because there there will be Patrick told me not to. I will trust Patrick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

We should point out that the trailer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

made known to us through Patrick who found it via Reddit link.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

I actually did click on that Reddit link to get to the YouTube hosted trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

But yeah. It's funny how the Internet works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

So here's here's what I find puzzling about this. I'm I'm not really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

too deep into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

Spider Man or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

Mysterio in particular. Like, my knowledge of Spider Man

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

does not seep into the Mysterio character. But I was under the impression that Mysterio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

is like a villain. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

trailer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

does not portray him that way at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

This is a good point for Patrick to chime in because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

I've never read any of the comics. I mean, I watched some of the Spider Man cartoons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

I saw the Tobey Maguire Spider Man movies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

but that's about my Spider Man knowledge. So in the cartoons, I do know Mysterio is like a supervillain. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

I I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

as far as I can tell, this is the Mysterio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

that we are familiar with from the rest of the Marvel universe, because it looks exactly like him. Even with that stupid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

globe helmet thing. Fishbowl? Yeah. I couldn't believe they actually retain that. I thought if anything was gonna get, you know, tweaked, that would have been it. I I didn't watch Into the Spider Verse, which I don't know if it I have not watched it either, but it is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

I have it. I own it. You So How do you own it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

Into the Spider Verse? Yeah. I bought it. But you've not watched it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

I have not watched it yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:29]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:30]

it was an impulse buy because missus Colmire to want wanted to watch it one night, and then it was too late when we were gonna start it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

So yeah. This is I can't even fathom buying a movie and not watching it. When when did you buy it? Like, long ago are we talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

Weeks ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

Oh, my word. Okay. Before I was in Indy. So If I had known that you had it, we could've watched it while you were here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

We could've. But with what time? I I mean, we had Saturday mornings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

Alright. Well, okay. Alright. So this is fascinating, because my guess is that Into the Spider Verse would address Mysterio. I don't know. So we'll just have to leave it at that. But this whole multiverse thing, think, is going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

provide

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

Marvel a way to fracture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

the timeline in ways that allow them to kinda, you know, flesh out the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

the stories, if you will. I don't ever see the the multiverse,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

like, consolidating again, do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

Probably not,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

unless that's, like, a major plot point of a doctor strange movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

Well and doctor strange, I think, is the only other reference we have to this notion of a multiverse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

prior to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

I'd have to double check that, but I'm pretty sure that that's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:55]

I don't know, man. It will be interesting to see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

where the MCU universe goes now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

that this initial well thought out arc is over. Yeah. Well, hopefully, it goes well. I I would say based upon this trailer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

I'm excited. I mean, this this trailer looks good to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

Yep. I I generally like Tom Holland as Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

Agreed. Can't knock Nick Fury. I mean, Marvel basically reformed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

the Nick Fury character after Samuel L. Jackson. So, like, it it doesn't get better than that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

The the question is how Jake Gyllenhaal does, and I am not a Jake Gyllenhaal fan. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

I'm trying to tape What else? My expectations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

What else is he in? Oh, man. We got IMDb that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

You knew the name. I had no idea. Seriously? You don't you didn't know the name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

No. Oh my word. Okay. Let's pull up the list here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:54]

I know you think that I watch a lot of stuff but I don't think I watch as much as you have in your history, Stan. I mean, you've got a couple years on me but.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

Actually, none of these movies are jumping out at me. Nightcrawler? Did you did you ever watch Nightcrawler?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

Rendition. There we go. That's one. Zodiac. Never saw it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

Zodiac, I heard of. Never watched it. The day after tomorrow? Oh, that's that's short. Never mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

I didn't see that either way. Alright. Well, maybe he's not as October Sky. There you go. That's a good October Sky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

you know, again, that's a younger Jake Gyllenhaal though too. That's 99. That's good lord. That's twenty years ago, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

Donnie Darko.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

suffice to say, like, I'm not a huge Gyllenhaal fan. He just doesn't I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

Not really not really my guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

But, you know, I hope he pulls off Mysterio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

Looking forward to this. I am still a little weary of this whole notion that it's about Spider Man taking a vacation. Seems like a dumb plot line. Hopefully, it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

as bad as that plot line seems.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

Nick Fury will save the day. Here's hoping. Actually, I mean, it looks like we're gonna get legit dialogue from Nick Fury as opposed to I know. You know. A random scene at the end. Yeah. That was probably out of all the things that surprised me in Endgame,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

that might have been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

where I was the most surprised. And when when I say surprised, like, at the end of, like, that they didn't address. Because there were whole bunch of things that surprised me as we were watching it. But the fact that we got to the end of that movie and Nick Fury didn't have any lines, I that just still seems weird to me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

Especially since the movie brought in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

a ton of money

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

pre showings. Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

So So last but not least, since we're on the whole Marvel theme,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

Agents of Shield is coming out, like, real soon, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

I have no idea. I usually have waited until it hits Netflix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

Right now, I don't have Netflix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

Maybe they'll email me when a new season gets released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

As I understand it, it's imminent, maybe even this week. I could be wrong. I I was reading about this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

earlier in the week. But the thing that that I wanted to call out is, apparently, Agents of S. D. Will not address

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

I don't know if it'll address Infinity War. I would assume not if they're not gonna touch on Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

But Right. Like, what do you make of that? Because this is this is really the point where they get to decide if they are going to split off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

from the MCU and be their own thing or not. Right? Because you can't the the one thing about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

Infinity Wars and Endgame is they are not just global events. They span the universe. So there is literally no place that the agents of shield cast can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

where they're not impacted by those events.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:54]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

Yeah. So my guess is that they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

ignore it completely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

and go off and do their own thing. I think that that's kinda shown by Coulson not being in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

either of the Avengers movies. He made the appearance in Captain Marvel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

but even that was minimal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

It was, but he was also new on the job. Right? So I I can see how they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

could make that call. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

That one didn't like, I was glad he was there. It didn't surprise me that he didn't have a ton of screen time. I I really think this would be a misstep for agents of shield if they don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

I agree with you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

but I think you sent me the article where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

the actor who plays Coulson was saying how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

such a hard thing to work together between TV and film. Yeah. But they've done it before, and they did it very successfully. I know what they did really successfully, both

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

kicking off agents of shield

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

with the whole Colson storyline,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

and then again at was that winter soldier that came out? Yep. Mid season? Winter soldier, they the episodes that straddled the movie release

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

literally set up winter soldier and then played out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

from the the kind of fallout of Winter Soldier. I thought it was beautifully done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

And that really, for me at least, was when Agents of Shield took off. Like, that's when I wanted to keep watching, because honestly, after that first season, I was kinda neutral. You know, up until that point, I could have take it or leave it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

Yeah. I agree. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

they would be much easier to do if it was a Netflix show

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

that they just released

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

stuff on Netflix

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

and then hit it again. I think when you're dealing with things like ABC

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

and advertisers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

and stuff like that, I think that the logistics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

make it harder to do. Yeah. But Disney controls all that, John. Disney owns ABC. They can do whatever they want.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

They could, theoretically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

but you work in a big company, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Yeah. Yeah. I get you. I so so there's this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

if I understand correctly, they split off the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

they, like, divided the story group or something like that between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

and the movies. Right? And that happened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

sometime after that Winter Soldier tie in, and I I really blame that for the diversions. Now, again, I still think up until this season,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

you can easily argue that they're in the same universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

Right? Yep. It's I agree. I mean, they've they've always gone kinda back and forth where they'll, like, make references

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

at some points, and then you go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

seasons without anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

The whole Tahiti project. Right? Like, you have none of that without the Avengers movie. I think Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

You've got a big play on the Kree in the last one. Right? There's tons of tie in there. And they even mentioned that Thanos is coming. They mentioned him by name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

Right? And that's that's the thing that I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

you know, up until the Infinity Wars marker, if you will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

they're fine. They're aligned. So it'll be interesting. I really hope they don't blow it because I think I think they've got a great show, and I would like to them see kinda continue that continuity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:17]

They're kinda getting to the age though where things start to go downhill anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

yeah, that's true. Season six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

I I haven't actually heard if this is the last season either. I would be really surprised if it isn't the last season, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

Coulson's dead at this point, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

It it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

would be interesting to see if I understand right, there's a, like, a dark Coulson or an evil Coulson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

in in the comics. I could be wrong about that, but I'm pretty sure I've I've I've read about that. Be interested to see if that kinda makes an appearance.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

Patrick will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

shoot a text to the Avengers group when you're wrong, and he's listening. Yeah. So I mean, seems plausible. Right? Evel Coulson? It does. Yep. Yeah. Kinda like a AI Tony Stark. There you go. Exactly. Which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

I mean, you know, Patty is still holding out hope for. I I I'm a believer. I could see it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

Only time will tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

Well, on that note, John, I think that's plenty of Marvel for one show after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

an hour long episode of Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

We might have to take a break from Marvel for the next couple episodes to gain some of our non nerdy listeners back. Yeah. I think I think that's fair. I think we should we should take a break. Honestly, I had no intention of talking about Marvel on Until the Spider Man and and that disrupted everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

Out of curiosity, did you watch the derby?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

I did not. I heard about it though. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

you heard what happened basically?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

Yeah. So horse wins,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

horse gets disqualified

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

because he, like, went out of his lane or something like that. Yeah. He kinda Knocked. I don't know. I I I've never been really clear on the rules of this. Like, I don't I also don't know how do you how do you keep a horse on a straight line while going around in a circle. Like, that doesn't make any sense to me. But Yeah. Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

you know, got in the way of potential competitors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

and so that's how you get disqualified

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

in the derby. Alright. Interestingly, though, the the horse that won was like a a one out of 65 shot, like, literally projected last, and this is the first time that that's happened in a really really long time or something. I don't know. Like, people were really surprised. Did you have money on him? No. No. No. I don't do that. I don't do that. But it's just it cracks me up because they're they're talking about, like, how much of a long shot it was this horse to win, but did it, you know, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

It was not the first horse to cross the finish line. Yeah. That's a whole weird gray area. I don't know what to make of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

I Well I know this is a big deal. I'll bet right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

no Triple Crown winner this year. Yeah. Yeah. Right. For sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

It's interesting. I, I've I've don't know that I've ever watched an entire derby, but I have watched a number of animated GIFs, and that's how I watched the derby this year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:07]

You're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

such a millennial. I I I do suppose that might be true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:13]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

Alright, John. On that note, I think we should

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

end this episode on a nice note

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

of Marvel and the derby.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:22]

Agreed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

Go drink your mint julep. My mint julep? I don't think I have a mint julep, but that's a mixed drink. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

Yes. What's in that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

Bourbon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

mint,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

and something else. Okay. That's profound. Thanks, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

If if you're listening to this episode, please don't forget to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

leave us a five star review on iTunes. You let us know who you are, I will send you Life With a Twist of Lemon stickers. Remember, five star reviews on iTunes. Everything else, you can leave it straight on our Reddit page. Until next time, Patrick will find it. Oh. We'll talk to you later.
