---
title: iOS 14 Impressions
episode: 101
date: '2020-09-24T14:12:58.000Z'
slug: ios-14-impressions/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright. Take two. Let's let's start this episode off with a little less background noise. Although, the first the first bark from Taliesin was cute. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

The 37 after that, not so much. Now, can you hear in the background on my sound that sound?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

I don't believe so. I'm just spraying money onto my lawn right now because Indianapolis do that. Indianapolis hasn't gotten any rain in almost forever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

I need to do that because I threw down seed on Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

Oh. You really gotta do it. Yeah. I mean, I did it this morning, but twice a day. I still have to get my lawn aerated. I have not, I have not done that yet. I'm a little concerned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

about when these aerators are gonna come and do their job, but whatever. Yeah. We'll get to it. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

So it's it's been dry, though, man. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

The here's what I've learned. I have a lot of surface area to cover with sprinklers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

I also have trees that get in the way and make they like, trees with low profiles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

and so it it makes it very hard to water my lawn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:30]

Sounds

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

like you need to take down the trees because it'll grow up to be big trees and fall in your house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

I don't I don't know that I could get away with that. I think I'm supposed to have a certain amount of trees on the lot, but I'll I'll yeah. I'll take that under advisory though. You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

you gotta move out of these people who are just holding you down, telling you what you can and can't do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

No. I'm good. I really am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

It's it's I I don't know. I'm I'm inching, I think, towards a sprinkler system. I don't wanna do it, but I can feel it coming. I feel like next year next year will be the year. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

So in the in the meantime, since you are the lawn connoisseur, I need you to do all the research you possibly can about sprinkler systems, and then tell me on this podcast so that I can get one. So I'm telling you, you're probably gonna look at like 7 to $10 for your property.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

I mean, you're kidding. Right? It's just a hose.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

Underground

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

hose and computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

systems to tell them when to do what they are supposed to do. How how destructive is the installation of a sprinkler system actually going to be to my lawn?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

So it'll be a trench around the perimeter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

know, John. It would be easier if mother nature just took care of this for me. That would be nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

At least forest

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

fires.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Well, that's true. Not yet. But with as dry as it is, who knows what could happen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:02]

Good grief. Yeah. Well, grass will burn fast and you don't have enough trees to feed the fire, so you're probably safe. Alright. Well, hey, it's the little joys of life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

So I've got a couple of, follow-up items from last week's episode. First of all, I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

mister Taylor, mister Joe Taylor listened to the podcast and then proceeded to promptly tell me that he does not like wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:24]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

Yeah. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

he is, open to the idea of trying Just Wings, the boneless variety.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

He prefers to call them heavily sauced nugs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

Sure. Which fine. He thinks he thinks the, the term boneless wing is a travesty of the human language. So I can get behind that. Yeah. I I support it. So This doesn't really surprise me actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

It doesn't surprise you that Joe doesn't like That he doesn't like wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

Well, this surprised me because who doesn't like wings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

I don't know. I just feel like Joe has a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

has a high caliber and what you need to do to fix this is you need to smoke some wings

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:05]

go that way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Well, I that's that's definitely a possibility. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

I will say this. I I I didn't probe too much, and so I'm sure Joe will appreciate us talking about it on the podcast. But Joe has a beautiful beard, and I wonder if that might be a factor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

in not liking wings. Because quite frankly, like, when you get into wings, they're gonna get all up in the beard. There's just no way around it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

So Best to eat them at home when you can shower afterwards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

Yeah. Exactly. That's precisely right. Does he like buffalo chicken dip?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

I I didn't probe. I did not ask. I will But have I will follow-up. You've never served this to him?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

I don't I don't know that I have. Interesting. I You love it. He's never watched football with you. Isn't that a football thing? No. He watched he watched the Super Bowl, but I think we did the green

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

chile bean dip instead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

So we usually do one or the other. We don't do both.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

So, like, I'm all for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

deconstructed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

buffalo wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

I let's can we not call it that? You sound like a chicken, sir.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

Shredded chicken with a bunch of sauce?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

Yeah. I mean, really, what it is, at least how we do it, it's shredded chicken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Newfetel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

Frank's Red Hots. Like, you can't you can't really go wrong. Yep. So and and actually You need to probe more or he needs to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

I don't know, he needs to send us audio talking about why he doesn't like wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Oh, boy. Challenge accepted, I'm sure. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

I will say that that buffalo chicken dip though is a very good use of canned chicken. So if you have been stockpiling for the pandemic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

canned chicken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

you know, this might be an opportunity to use it rather than give it to the homeless shelter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

Do you think that you could throw some canned chicken in the smoker for, like, twenty minutes to get some smoky flavor?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

I I think that's a really bad use of time. That's what I think. I think if you wanna do that, you get a legit piece of chicken, then you go at it that way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

Interesting. I'm just trying to up the caliber, man. I I I appreciate that. I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

So continuing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

our discussion or continuing the the trend of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

dealing with bearded people, we'll go to another bearded listener of the podcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

pastor Aaron Fanker. His beard has gotten rather beautiful as well. Mine is just Well, he's using a heated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

comb every morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

So he's got the oils, the butters, the balms.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

I don't think he would call it that. I think he'd call it a heated beard comb. Alright. Here's the deal. For Christmas last year, my brother happy birthday, brother. I don't know how old he is. 27?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

But my brother got a beard straightener for Christmas last year. Oh. And my mother got a hair straightener for Christmas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

Same thing? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

It was not the same thing, but essentially, yes. So my comment was, look, mom got a beard straightener too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

Oh, boy. I'm sure they both appreciated that for different reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

Well, so so Fanker of Fanker's Meat Rubs or rubs rubs by Fanker. I don't remember what we would call that. We've we've tried a different couple different names. We challenged him to think about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

a burger seasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

Yes. And he did. And, I have it on, good information that he is sending

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

three different seasonings for hamburgers to both you and I. Now, I have already,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

put in my latest grocery order three pounds of ground beef. Do you have ground beef? Are you prepared for this challenge? I am not prepared. I figure I have to do it before next Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

and chances are that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

I don't know. Is it a seasoning or is it a meat rub? If you are we supposed to mix it in the burger, or are we supposed to rub it on the burger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

Hopefully, they'll come with instructions. I'm actually I'm kinda counting on both, to be honest with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

Alright. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:49]

anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

I figure between whenever we get this so my guess is Thursday at the earliest, and when we record next Tuesday, unless you pull an audible and we're recording on a Monday again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:00]

That's when I have to make these burgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

And you there are three different ones. So you will have to make three burgers. I'm not saying you have to eat all three burgers yourself. You could split them with missus Kolmeier or or whatever, Battalionessen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

I mean, however you wanna however you wanna roll it, but you gotta try all of them. And I think before we get to that moment, we can recap this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

That they come this week and we're able to make burgers this week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

I think we should get just get together very briefly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

and just, you know, agree upon what we're gonna use for elements on the burger to go with the meat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

Alright. That sounds fair. Why don't you think up what you already think you're gonna use, and then I'll copy you. I mean, my my go to is gonna be a piece of white cheddar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

a slice of onion, and some mustard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

and probably a pickle, a dill pickle. Raw onion or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

caramelized onion? I always do raw onion. I I don't know why but caramelized onions I like on a lot of things just not burgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

Alright. That's fair. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

Another quick follow-up. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

tried DoorDash for the first time and this was entirely Evelyn's idea. And you had DoorDash installed so that you could figure out if it's just wings delivered to you. No. No. No. I looked that up just on the web. Oh, okay. I I I installed the app for Evelyn, but this whole thing is captured on my website. I wrote about it. It's called the Donut Fairy. Now, I'll just give the tldr here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

Her brother was watching an episode of myth busters. An ad came up. She beelined it out to the deck where I was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

sitting and proceeded to, in a very, like, excitable way, tell me about free donuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

Right? Well, nothing's free in life, so there is a catch. We, you know, through kinda deconstructing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

everything that was coming out of her mouth, we were able to ascertain that it was a Dunkin' Donuts commercial for DoorDash, and they were offering up free munchkins. I verified it on the DoorDash app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

and I told her, yeah, you know, we'll we'll give it a go. The thing was, John, she didn't realize that DoorDash is a delivery service because truth be told, we've only had food delivered here once ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

Wow. And that that was pizza, and the kids have blocked it out because they hated the Donato's pizza so much. I remember that. Yeah. They don't even remember. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

suffice to say, the next morning when the donuts showed up at the house delivered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

Evelyn was shocked. This has blown her mind, the idea that you can have donuts delivered to the house and, you know, the donut ferry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

So does she like that more or less than going out to get donuts? Because I feel like going out to get donuts is an experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

It it definitely is. It's a it's a little bit less of an exciting experience during COVID.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

You still get to go look and pick out your donuts out of the case and Yeah. But there's there's I don't know. It's just different. It's very different. So Interesting. You know? I haven't not gone go get donuts during COVID. So We we've done it once. We've done it well, technically, twice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

So but the suffice to say, she was very happy, very pleased with the Dunkin' Donuts. They were not Long's Bakery Donuts. They were not Jack's Donuts. No. But they were donuts and they were Reheated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

donuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

You're killing it. Smalls are killing it. But they were sitting on the chair outside the door when she woke up, like, how good how good is that? Yeah. That's awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

Alright, buddy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

Now, let's get to the meat of this episode. You ready? I'm ready.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

What do think of iOS 14?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

Seems like a solid upgrade all around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

Do you remember when we were discussing iOS 13 a year ago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

Not really. It was it was a garbage dump. Like, it was a dumpster fire. It was just it was totally chaos.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

There were lots of bugs early on, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

that was around the same time you blew up your Mac because you upgraded to the beta. So Catalina, which was also a disaster

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

So big sir, the new Mac OS is not out yet. We just have,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

iOS, iPadOS, and Apple WatchOS to review or discuss, however you wanna analyze this. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

I would say in general, on my devices thus far, everything seems pretty stable. My iPad has definitely had some more glitchiness to it than my iPhone has. Just, you know, system preferences locking up or photos locking up, things of that sort. But nothing nothing really crazy to be honest with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

No. I haven't run into any bugs at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

So the the two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

features

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

that I wanted to poke your brain about were widgets and the app library because the these two things together fundamentally change the way this device works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

Do you agree with that statement, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:34]

I agree

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

with the widgets,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

the app library.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

I don't know if I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

sold on it. Like, I guess it's cool if you are like my father-in-law and go through lots of apps, but, like, I download, what, two apps a year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

I'm sure it's more than that. But let me let me ask you this. You had a pretty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

organized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

home screen or set of home screens, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

Yeah. So my one my actual home screen that I used had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:02]

four

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

I guess, I had a folder and three apps, and then I had four apps in the dock, and that was all on my first screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

And then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

I had organized

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

apps on the second page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

Did the second page have folders or was it just apps? It had folders.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

Like, a lots of folders?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Eight. So, yeah. That's a lot. That's a lot. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

I think this is what I'm this is what I'm starting to figure. Right? Like, I spent a lot of time organizing my home screen, categorizing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

grouping them together. I also spent an unnecessary amount of time deciding to delete apps, not retain them, whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

because I would only use them periodically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

Right? It wasn't a storage concern. It was just like, I I don't know where to put them. I don't want more than I gotta, like, you know, think about, and all of that. And I think that the app library is for those that didn't want to spend the time organizing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

That's fair. But also had a ton of apps, which is probably your father-in-law for sure. I I mean, I I imagine in my in my brain, right, when he picks up his phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

there are 57 pages of home screen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

and none of them are organized in any way, shape, or form. And 50 of those are different note apps. Maybe some calendar apps in there too. Yeah. They're probably and if you could label it, it's like note apps twenty sixteen, note apps twenty seventeen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

But I you know, even thinking about myself. Right? So I I didn't have the DoorDash app installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

One, because I never used it before, but I I had used Grubhub one other time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

and I And I don't have that installed. No. No. It was actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

I ordered through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

Grubhub for Mimi's Meatballs this June. That was the first first and the only time I ever used it. I picked it up. I didn't have it delivered, but I picked it up and ordered it that way. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

But, you know, like so those are some new ones I had installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

Then I was looking, like, I don't I don't normally have the CVS app, right, for my prescriptions. I just use the web page. But I was like, well, you know, why not just have it installed and let it go into the catalog? You know, the E Trade app is another one too that I don't use it frequently enough. I just use the web page. But I I think the app library gives me an opportunity to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

kinda just stop caring about the organization of it all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:17]

That's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

How are you liking it? Because the categories are forced. And here's what I thought of when I when I when I saw this and I thought of you. It's like, I remember how much John hated when he first started using Mint. The fact that there were pre programmed Categories. Categories that he couldn't change.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

So here's the deal, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

I have spent very little time on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:39]

the library page,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

I can launch everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

I don't know. Do they call it Spotlight in iOS? No. It's Siri search.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

Siri search. Sure. Yeah. So so I type in the name of what I wanna open and it opens. So, like, I don't go go looking for apps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

So it's interesting. I mean, it's definitely like a mindset that a lot of people use. Right? And I think that's probably how the multi page users,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

did it. I thought this is interesting. If you swipe over to the app library

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

and you pull up to get the Siri search, you actually get an alphabetized list of all the apps. And that that I thought was kinda cool. A little unusual, like, it's just not something that we've ever seen before. What the categories on the app library are from the App Store. Right? However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

the app developers categorized. And some of these, quite honestly, they they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

they don't make a whole lot of sense to me. But, you know, like, for here's an example.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

The GitHub app comes under productivity and finance. I to me, that's more of a utility. I I guess, maybe it's productivity, but I I wouldn't have put it there. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

Also, and finance, shouldn't finance just be its own category? Like, this the kind of thing that goes through my head. So here in productivity and finance, I have things like calendar, one password,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

banks, my Ally app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:00]

Teamwork desktop or Teamwork mobile

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

whatever,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

Viacal,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

the old app that I used to use to track mileage and stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

Oh, you still have it? Even though you don't use Yeah. Mean, it's in the cloud, so I'd have to redownload it from the cloud. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

my State Farm app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Yeah. I bet you use that one a lot, don't you? Recently, yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

LastPass,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

GitHub. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

So do you use the the feature that offloads apps that you don't use frequently? I do. Interesting. I've never I've never been comfortable turning that on. Should maybe try it. The WordPress app and the Hoova app are also in here, which I would not have put there. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

There there's just some there's some odd again, it goes back to the developer, right, and how they decided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

categorize their particular app. And I'm sure that that's reviewed, you know, during app review and whatnot. Entertainment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

one is another weird one for me because it's got all my sports stuff in there too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

But you know what they would have like a smart home category.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

So I'm looking at other and I've got like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

Alexa app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

Smart

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

Life, iRobot,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

Eero, Ecobee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

So my other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

has some of my smart home stuff. It doesn't have, like, my Wemo. It doesn't have the home app, but has Sense, Sensor Push, Sharp Clean, Ecobee. It also has Day One

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

Yeah. The the journaling app which is odd and then it has the the treasure of daily prayer app too. Right. I got that too. So that's Which like That one kinda makes sense for other because like Maybe but problem is like the actual bible app I use, I think wound up in information reading.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

So I like, there's which is also where the catechism map is. Like, I it's it's all over the map. However, though, I will say this. These I don't know if you've noticed this. The icons that are bigger, they change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

Well, you can tap the biggest ones, but they will change with time as you use them. And then the ones, the little ones, also change

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

based upon what you use. And so this is all and and I supposedly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

there's some other machine learning to, like, hint that, hey, you should use this app now. There's also the suggestions up at the top that's that's kind of interesting, the recently installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

So I, you know, I I get it. I think so far, what I'm trying to do is embrace the new feature. So I got rid of all of my other home screens. And I'm just using the app library. I'm not doing the type to search thing yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

If I need to, I will. But for the most part, I think it's working out okay. I'm actually not disappointed with it. So that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

so for Siri search, like, that's what I use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

to launch pretty much everything except for text messages

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

and email maybe. But like Safari IO is open there. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

But the same thing on the Mac. Like, we were having an issue because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

I let my battery die earlier, so my,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

spotlight search wasn't working on my MacBook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

And I was trying to open Audio Hijack Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

and it didn't do anything because finder need to be restarted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

let's let's shift gears a little bit to widgets. Have you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

put any widgets onto your home screen with your app icons?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

So my first one was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

the calendar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

which is awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

And then I also have a smart one going through that right now is showing the weather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

But I have a Siri suggestions one, weather,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

Robinhood stock

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

trading app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

Wait. Wait. You use Robinhood?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

Yeah. I have, like, $200 invested in Robinhood.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:42]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

The more you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

I did keep the trending

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

Apple News. We'll see if that sticks around, and I have a world clock there right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

But that's mostly just US times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

So I don't have to think about it. So I have I've got two stacks on my home screen. At the top, I've got, weather and calendar, basically, the primary. And then a couple other things underneath it, like activity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

screen time, which I keep an eye on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

my to dos, things of that sort. And I I've kind of swiped through them, but not much. I I like having the calendar right there. I think that right now is the killer feature for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

Honestly, the weather is too because I'm constantly checking the weather. I don't know why I'm constantly checking the weather but I I am. Because you're hoping for rain, Stan. That's probably it. That's probably it. So the other one that I messed around with, which seems pretty cool,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

but I don't really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:42]

like, I don't know. It was the kinda battery level one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

So the widget shows the battery level for your phone, your watch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

each AirPod,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

and the AirPod case when they're connected.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

So that's kinda cool, especially if you wanna take a look at what your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

levels are at for each AirPod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

then you aren't on your MacBook. So So you know that that widget existed on the old, like, widget screen. Right? I did not. Yeah. That's not new. It's the only thing that's new is you can drag it over to the main screen. Well, and this this goes to my other question. Did you use widgets before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

you could put them on the home screen? Mostly the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:21]

stock one and the screen time one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

I I've made fairly good use of them. I think I will make more use of them by being able to stack them, if that makes sense. And so far, the smart stacking seems pretty intuitive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

I'm I'm not using them for the ones on the home screen, but the stacks that I've created off the home screen, like on the widget screen, there I am. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:45]

Yeah. So I used to use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:49]

some widgets

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

when it was still, you would swipe left on your MacBook

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:54]

and those were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

spotty at best.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

But I had like a sticky note thing that I would have over there. There

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

was some puzzle game that I could play and stuff like that. But overall, these widgets are all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:11]

they've been working very smoothly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

And, like, I haven't had any issue with them whatsoever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

Yeah. I think they're definitely superior to the old Mac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

heyday ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

I you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

we'll,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

we'll see how this all shakes out. Think there's a certain novelty to some of this, but I I am excited

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

to, you know, just kinda try out new things. And I and I know, you know, Dan Chess is gonna be listening to this and be like, wow, you could have done this on Android for forever a day ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

So it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

was Nilai Nilai Patel with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

what what's the publication, Stan? The Verge. The Verge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

He tweeted out, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

why can't any of the Android widgets just work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

Yeah. Well Something like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

I I think there's something to be so you're gonna get me all started. There's something to be said for a controlled ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

Right? And and it's controlled in terms of approval, so you don't have these super wasteful, unperformance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

or just buggy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

widgets that get shipped to customers' phones. And there's also, you know, a controlled ecosystem in terms of the APIs that they can use. You can't just let any any code execute

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

on a widget on an Apple device. And I think all of those things play into why this is a superior ecosystem. And, yes, you're giving up some freedom. Right? You know? Like going outside to the store these days. You gotta wear a mask. You're giving up some freedom. But the outcome is better. Right, John? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

So, like, what's the difference between what Apple does and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

say, what Nintendo does with the Switch?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

It's probably just market share Right. Honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

So like I well, that might not entirely be true. I I think I don't I don't know for a fact that you have to get a game

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

preapproved by Nintendo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

to for it to be able to run. I I suspect that you probably do because if it's not on the Nintendo Store, you definitely can't buy it digitally. Like, that Right. That is a closed ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

But I but I think market share comes down to a big part of it. Right? Because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Apple is huge. It controls a huge swath Yep. Of the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

you know, mobile device ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

But then even beyond that, they also control probably the the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

largest revenue share of mobile activity. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

Somebody who goes cheap and buys a a lousy Android device that barely works. Right? I don't think they're ponying up tons of dollars for Fortnite day in, day out or buying apps that they renew every year. I I maybe I'm wrong because this is purely anecdotal, but I just don't I don't see it. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

I think that it probably depends on the person, Stan. You'll be amazed at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

how people spend their money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

I think I think that's fair. But I will say this is as a counterpoint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Apple has done a very good job

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

of securing and celebrating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

really awesome

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

app developers. Right? Right. You know, I I think of one password, Fantastical,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

the scanner pro by Riedel. Like, a lot of these apps that are just unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

Apple has spent a lot of money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

and energy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

cultivating those relationships. I don't know that that Google does that with Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Right. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

I think you have more premium apps available

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

on iOS. They're going to to command

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

a different dollar point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:35]

Yep. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

I feel like Apple does a lot to support developers too. I mean, you pay for your developer license for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

what? Like, a $120 a year? It's just a $100 a year. $100 a year. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

you get access to a ton of tools,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

support,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:55]

and I mean, I can download the tools. A lot of the tools didn't start developing without a developer license and stuff like that. A lot of the tools are free. Really, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

the $100

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

gets you access to the store. Right. Right? And and I think that $100 slows some people down from abusing the system. It's not a ton of money. You know, get it. I I don't have a big beef with that. But Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Have you updated your watch yet? I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

It took forever. Anything different? The watch always takes forever. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

I've been using bedtime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

I have not used the hand washing thing yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:34]

I guess I don't know where that is. It's a hidden feature apparently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

It's under settings and then you can enable it. You can also enable an alert. I think it's only available on the the iPhone side

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

that will basically, like, tell you, hey, you've just been outside. You've come inside now. You should wash your hands. And that's kinda cool. That is cool. But I need to turn it on, so I haven't messed with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

I I think, you know, our friend Patrick said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

it's a cool feature, but it's gonna get annoying fast. I think that is probably accurate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

I twenty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

seconds is a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

Yes. I'm I'm embarrassed to say how many times it stopped me and said, hey, you need to keep washing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

My hands are a lot drier. I now I now have a tub of lotion on my desk. I'm showing it to you on our on our video stream,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

specifically because of the hand washing app. But, you know, other than that, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

it's I mean, it's it's fine. It's probably a good thing to have. I'm I'm supportive of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

what you you're using bedtime. Now, the phone has some bedtime like or ask features before you I'm thinking you didn't use those. I did not use those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

So I've actually been using the Echo just as a regular alarm. So I haven't been doing any sleep tracking for a while. Back in the day, I used the sleep cycle app

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

and that you just laid your phone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

on the table next to you and it was like noise based.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:57]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

that had cool data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

So have you been wearing your watch to bed?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

I have been. Okay. What do you think of the sleep tracking then?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

like, I want more data, I think. It's a little underwhelming, isn't it? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

I was I was expecting more I don't know that it's overly accurate either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

I I have issues with that. Literally fall asleep in seven minutes or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

I've seen you fall asleep in a chair, I believe it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

I don't know. No. I I don't I think my problem is I wanted more insight out of it. I Right. Also, maybe you haven't had this problem. I've been struggling with battery life since I started wearing it at bed. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

So I I put it on the charger when I'm getting ready for bed and when I'm getting ready in the morning. Damn. It's the same way. It's not enough time to recharge. So I've I've run pretty low. I actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

two days now, I had to take it off and put it on the charger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

to, like, get some juice midday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:01]

You know what it is, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

What? That always on display.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

If it could be always on display, it could also be because I take a walk during the day and exercise, John. Yeah. You should try it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

Hey. I had a perfect move week last week, Stanley. Oh, good for you. Good for you. I even upped

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

even upped my calorie

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:22]

count for this this week. Did we cross 200?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

been below 300, I don't think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

So I I'm hoping they're gonna build this out. Supposedly, are new updates coming relatively short, in short order here, and I'm hoping that they'll add some better sleep tracking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

you know I mean, I kinda like to see, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

sleep stages or something like that. Yeah. Should be able to do if it's tracking your heart rate. That's that's exactly what I was expecting. Right? Like, this is REM or, you know, deep sleep or whatever. Here you woke up and something like that. So You can tell looking at the line graph when it thinks you woke up but it doesn't call it out. But like what if so like the dog if the dog went out at three in the morning and Anna took him and I woke up for like thirty seconds, I don't think that registers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

You should check. You should see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

Because I I definitely woke up around 02:30.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

Missus Lemon pulled my hair for reasons that are not material,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

and I woke up and and it did catch that like there was a gap on the line. He probably deserved it, Stan. I I guess so. So here's sleep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:36]

Okay. So I'm seeing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:38]

I guess there are little lines especially on Sunday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

Yeah. The the problem is it doesn't tell you anything about those lines, so you have to kind of infer Like, I I keep wanting to tap or zoom in, and it doesn't do either of those things. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

It's not intuitive. Like, you expect there to be more info. So I imagine they're gonna fix this. I I hope this is a short term problem. That's that's kinda what I'm counting on at this point. But Yeah. So we'll see if it keeps up. You'll probably give up before me if you're having battery issues.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

Well, I just gotta come up with a new routine is what it amounts to, I think. I I I don't know. It's it's weird. I'm I'm still adjusting. Take a longer shower, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

Series six series six supposedly has a larger battery, John. There you go. That's the other option. And a more powerful processor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

so your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

battery life is the same. Well, if it's a smaller nanometer, it might might actually be better. There you go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

have you tried any these new watch faces? Nope. Haven't even looked at them. I I looked at them. I'm just gonna be honest with you. I think these are the least exciting watch face additions that they've done since the watch released. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

So all in all, I mean, I think the sleep tracking could have been cool. I I feel like beyond that, I I just really didn't get much out of the watch update. And I'm I'm kinda sad to say that, to be honest with you, because the watch update

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

in the in the past has been, like, one of the things I really looked forward to. Right. I mean, at this point, like, the watch is just kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:06]

stationary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

Well, it it is, but I think what I expect is more health data, more insight into what I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

you you what I'm doing, how I'm feeling, and I want that on my wrist, not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:20]

on on the device, on the phone. So That's what we should touch on on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

iOS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

What do you think about the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

icon redesigns?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

I think for the most part, like them. None none of them strike me as like overly egregious. What is there one that bothers you? So the health one bothers me, and I don't know if the heart just isn't in a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:43]

good position

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

Because it's in the top right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

Well, and it doesn't even look like it's in the quadrant. Like, extends over and it's Yeah. It bleeds over into the the left upper left quadrant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:57]

But the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

app itself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

I really like what they did,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

visually there. It's a lot cleaner to navigate, and I think the the get more from your health,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

section and some of the stuff that they added is also superior.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

Browsing seems cleaner. There there there are a lot of improvements here. No doubt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

I like how they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:18]

measure my headphone audio levels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

Which is data they've had probably for a while. But So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

no. I I think this is good. I think the other thing I liked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

activity is a lot cleaner too. The summary table on activity or what is this called fitness now, isn't it? Yeah. It's called fitness on the phone. And honestly, I don't use the fitness app that much

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:43]

because I'm always that I look at that on the watch usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

This is a setup so I I will say this. I I like if you drill in, like, to an outdoor walk, not that you ever do this, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

you can see the splits on the mile, and you can see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

your heart rate over the the course of the walk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

as well as the map and the weather. And I I like all of that. There's an elevation change. There's a lot more detail than you can get on the watch. And and I I truly I truly dig it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

So I look at that periodically. I also me personally, I look at the trends

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

and just kinda see where that's at,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

you know. Alright. Check it out. I went for a walk on Thursday, August 20

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:24]

at 08:37AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

How long was the walk, John? Just over a mile. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:32]

And it was 67 degrees outside with 72% humidity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:36]

So I guess that's kinda cool. It was it's got a map and it's got green and yellows and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

Yeah. It I mean, the map is kinda neat. Right? It shows you I I believe that's all pacing information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:47]

Is that new?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

No. It's been around for while. There. The map has always been there. But again, it's more accessible. Everything is a little more accessible. They just did a nice job kinda lifting the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

doing a face lift on it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

alright. Last last but not least, Safari 14.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

We are among the few that still use Safari.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

This release,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

I think, was a big deal mostly because of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

the tracking functionality.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:13]

Yes. Have you you been paying attention to this? Yes. So I have 98. In the last seven days, Safari has prevented 98 trackers from profiling you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

I have 55.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

I wonder if that's because do you have any other, ad blockers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

I do not anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:30]

Not currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

I wonder if I should try and turn off ghostery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

and just let

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

Apple do its thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:42]

There you go. Try it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

I I will do that. I will do that. Yeah. Look, man. So I like these. So many of these are Google Analytics and Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

Yahoo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

Verizon Media.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

All kinds of all kinds of events and stuff. I got websites like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

my banks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:04]

mlb.com,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:07]

Help Scout.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

You noticed another interesting feature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

Do you wanna talk about it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

The reintroduction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

Oh, yeah. The the fave icon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:20]

is now in the bar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:22]

I'm not sure

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:23]

I like this choice design wise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:26]

but as a developer, it definitely helps me notice when it's missing now if I'm working on a website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

It helps me know what pages I'm looking at, especially when I get a bunch of tabs going. I genuinely like this. I also spent a lot of time making sure that my favorite icon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

looked good Right. On on Safari. I also like the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:48]

I think this is a read introduction as well, but the kinda preview on hover

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:53]

function.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:55]

If you have multiple tabs if you have multiple tabs open, and I actually have three pin tabs in my browser. So if you hover over them, you can see the Oh. Screen cap of it. Look at that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

I don't know if there's anything else in this release. I have not discovered it. That was what was gonna ask you is did you did you catch anything else new? So they reworked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

kinda how the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:19]

web tools

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:21]

look, I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:23]

I think everything's still here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:26]

But if you open inspector or whatever, it just looks a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

updated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:34]

You probably don't have to use this anymore, Sustained.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

I I mean, I tend to be in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

Chrome at work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

so I don't don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

use it as much. But But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:47]

that's what I noticed. It does seem to be running

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:52]

pretty smoothly. I don't know if it's faster or not. I haven't done any benchmark testing at all,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:57]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:58]

seems pretty snappy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

Alright. Well, worth worth updating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

We will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:04]

definitely circle back when Big Sur comes out. I think that'll be the little more interesting one because as far as I know, there are more changes. I think we we touched on the the highlights for iOS 14 and Apple Watch, but Big Sur has got a lot more going on, and it should be fun to to cover. We didn't talk about the iOS messages

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:24]

changes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:25]

which are minor, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

Yeah. I guess they matter. Right? So you can pin users. You can see people typing from the main list. You can name groups, which you could do before, but I can also put I can add a photo. A photo. Right. And I'm trying to think like is there is there something else that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

really jumped out at you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:45]

Kinda. So the thing that kinda gets me is this filters now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:50]

which they had filters before but now it's like on its own screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

Yeah. I don't care for how they did this. I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:57]

like how it works either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

What what I find is sometimes I accidentally swipe left and I'm stuck on the filter screen now. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:05]

And you can't you can't swipe the other way to get back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

I I do also wish that the notifications that your pinned chats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

were more in your face because so I I pinned you because, you know, you're my buddy. Nice. And I sometimes I don't realize that you've sent me a message. It it's it's very confusing to me. It just isn't intuitive how it jumps out. Send me a message to Stan right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:28]

I haven't pinned anybody until now, But first, it was missus Colmire, and then it was you. You were you were the second person I pinned, John. Well, you're the second person I pinned now. I just haven't pinned anybody.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:39]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

see how it doesn't like I don't know. Yeah. It's just a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:44]

blue dot. Did you ever figure out what those dots in the status bar were?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

No. And to this day, I don't have them now. Do you have them on now? So I saw one earlier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:55]

but I do not have anything currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

I saw the green one earlier. My guess is these are indicative of different APIs that are being called

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

that that they're getting access to. So location's obviously called out. It's gotta be gotta be something else. I I just don't know what it is. We'll do some research. We can follow-up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

when the time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

comes here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

But that'll be another episode, John, because this one is officially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

You say goodbye?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:27]

So long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

I thought that I was waiting for your sign off. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

