---
title: "Food, Home Repairs, and House Training"
episode: 99
date: "2020-09-10T13:56:18.000Z"
slug: food-home-repairs-and-house-training/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  Jonathan introduces his new dog, Tallie S, and discusses his experiences as a
  first-time dog owner, including feeding schedules, crate usage, and adjusting
  to changes in behavior as the dog grows older.
keywords:
  - dog food
  - flea and tick collars
  - COVID-19
  - pet care
  - puppy vs. adult dog
  - crate training
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So, John, it, would appear that somebody from Iowa State University was listening to the podcast last week

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

and made a corrective action based upon your concerns.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

My concerns. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. So whoever whoever from the administration listens to us and appreciates,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

you know, resident of Iowa, John Kollmeyer, thank you for, you know, avoiding an outbreak at your football stadium this past weekend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

And making our state even worse than it actually is. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

yes, Iowa State canceled the football game for fans. The football game will still take place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

so just the athletes are at risk aside from not getting paid. And to be clear, I think it was because of this podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

Absolutely. Yeah. Because I'm in Iowa, and we have targeted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

Iowa residents for at least two Facebook ads in the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

Two years?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

I guess, the downside of this, if you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

are an Iowa State fan, you might not actually like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

this decision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

But Yeah. Depends on the fan. Well, that's that's true too. So anyhow, again, all all credit due to life of the Twisted Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

So that's the football update. I have another update for you. I I feel like this this episode could be just follow-up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

from last week because a whole bunch of stuff has happened. I told you about my lagering,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

dilemma.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Remember that? Did you talk about that on the podcast? I swear I did. I thought I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:00]

Okay. Yeah. Because we were talking about Oktoberfest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

Right. Right. Yep. So so I brewed this Oktoberfest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

I I I bought the recipe. I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

brewed it before I read all the way to the end of the recipe card, which that's, like, an epic mistake. Right? When you when you go to cook something, when you make something, whatever, you always read through the full recipe card before you start. Near the end, it said, oh, you have to lager this, which means you gotta bring the temperature down about 40 degrees over the course of two months, which meant that I needed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

a space cold enough to store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

five gallons of brewed beer at 40 degrees

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

For two months. Yeah. And it's just like, oh, whoops. Well, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

my hypothesis was that the mini fridge might work, and I am happy to report

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

that it does,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

sort of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

at this moment, the fridge is closed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

but I have a ration strap

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

around it to hold everything in place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

Interesting. Yeah. So so here's it like closes all the way and seals? It does, but it just wants to pop open again. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

And the the reason is because the door of this mini fridge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

has a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

like the molding sticks out right in the middle. There's a line because there's like a drink holder and like for different trays and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

True. And that drink holder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

pushes up against the five gallon bucket of beer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

and there's enough give because, like, the, you know, motor is at the bottom. Right? It's got that little indentation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

There wasn't enough clearance to put it above the motor with the airlock,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

unfortunately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

So I had to compromise, and I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

leaned it back ever so slightly and put the ratcheting strap around the door, and it is straight up redneck and in my dining room, but I'm okay with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

So you're saying you should have thought through this more when you ran out to buy the only mini fridge that you could find when yours died. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

Well, and this I mean, this is a lesson learned. Right? The mini fridge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

I I didn't pay any attention to the shelving on the inside of it because I literally wanted a cold place to put food that I was afraid of going bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

the shelving, if if it didn't have that middle ridge, it would've been perfect. Would've been absolutely perfect. So I'm actually a little concerned whether or not this would be able to properly hold, you know, pony kegs or at this point, or corny kegs rather, corny kegs. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

if it couldn't fit two corny kegs in it because that middle ridge, then it really wouldn't be a good k or fridge for kegerator. Right? Right. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:37]

you have a interesting set of problems, but you've learned some valuable lessons. Think ahead, and make sure you read the instructions all the way through before you start. Bingo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

In other news,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

I had a a few messages exchanged with our friend, Aaron Fanker, out in Kansas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

He is a listener of the podcast, he said, but he is a few episodes behind. Sounds like an excuse to me, but whatever. I'm not judging. Sounds like, pretty typical of most of our listener base. Yeah. Well, they're People get busy. Apparently, there's something more important to do than listen to us ramble. Well, not for, Iowa State University. So but for the rest of you that are catching up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

Fanker has agreed or at least he's contemplated. I shouldn't say agreed. Although, maybe if I say he agreed, then he absolutely will because it's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

Can you, like, Apple pay him some money so that he cover supplies? Yeah. We we could definitely cover supplies. We could GoFundMe supplies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

for There you go. Fankers hamburger seasoning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

which we discussed last week. So it's gonna happen. He's he's gonna he he told me he went for a walk. He thought about it. He's got the beginning of a recipe formulating in his noggin, and at some point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

we will have Fanker hamburger seasoning. We will be able to do a cook off and a taste test and properly assess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

Alright. Do we know, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

what kind of ground beef we're gonna be targeting, or will it matter?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

I mean, that okay. This is a good question. Are you strictly an eighty twenty guy? Generally, yes. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

I'm I I tend to like things a little leaner. It's just how I roll. So I go, like, eighty five fifteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

I have done ninety ten, but those never stay together. Right? That's that's really the problem. Right? When you the leaner you go,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

the more binding agent you need to incorporate into it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

I, you know, I think I think eighty twenty or eighty five fifteen are probably acceptable for this, but we would definitely need to equalize. So, like, if we're not able to do this together, if we live grill it side by side,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

you you will have to use the same kind of meat that I do, and we'll just kinda see where it comes out. Now and to be clear, I will not use premade burgers. I know I've been judged, and I and I understand. That's fine. Hey. I mean, if you have to feed Henry hamburgers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

that's the fast way to do it. Oh my gosh. The kids he's just a machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

And he just stacks them with pickles, man. He's got pickles layered between he had, so this past weekend for Labor Day, that's what we did, and he layered pickles between the patties. He had multiple patties on the burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

Sometimes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

I think the beef is just a vehicle to deliver pickles. Little pickles. Yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

Does he, like, specific about his pickles or any kind of pickle slice?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

Well, so he, until recently, did not know about the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

the crunchers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

Right? The the ones that are sliced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

long way thin. Long way. Yeah. Yeah. Which are, like, perfect for a hamburger. Right? Yep. So that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

has kind of changed his world. I think that's his go to. But otherwise, he will accept,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

you know, little dime or quarter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

sized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

pickles and just stack them up like a pyramid under the bun. And then, you know, he kinda, like, squishes the bun around the pyramid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

diffuse it to the beef to hold all those pickles in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

Really them. It's really a sight to behold.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

What was that pork place in Seymour? Didn't they have, like, spicy pickles? They did. Yeah. The flying pig.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

And they're they're no longer open, but they've been Oh, couple years. Yeah. The guy retired. So you know? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

I guess I bought it, Stan. No. I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

But, yeah, he had great spicy pickles of a variety of of different sorts. A neighbor actually nearby

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

made us some spicy pickles that are pretty legit too. So I Nice. I don't know that Henry is really interested in the variety of pickles so much as just good old fashioned on the burger. Dill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

Yeah. Got it. I mean, he'll he'll eat sweet pickles, but not not on the burger. Like, the burger is still. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

Alright. Speaking of Labor Day, what did you end up doing? We need a a meat update.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

So I did grill,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

and I grilled chicken tacos,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

which recipe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

originated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

with you and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

Aaron Finker out in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

Saxonburg

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

Yeah. When I drove out there for a couple days, or was I out there for a week? I don't even know. The summer that Finger lived with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

So, yeah, we did chicken tacos,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

used chicken breasts. I have been on a chicken thigh kick recently, but we actually used breast this time around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

yeah. So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

did the tortillas on the grill, and I also did some tortillas longer on the grill to turn them into tostadas for my wife,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

and that actually worked out pretty well too. Nice. So corn, I'm assuming?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

Corn. Yeah. Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

you I'm I'm sorry. Maybe you said this. Did you do vegetables?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

No. I didn't do vegetables. Okay. When you It's do not a it's not an exact

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

lemon recipe. So first, I added cumin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

and then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

like, I do standard toppings. So we had pico and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

sour cream and stuff like that. So our our routine, we actually did this tonight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

We've got a, a seasoning mix that we use now. This is a more recent adaptation. We took it from a a different recipe that we liked for tostadas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

But we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

the chicken breasts with that. You know, you have olive oil them up so they don't stick everywhere. Season them, toss them on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

We I used to do the peppers whole directly on the or the the grill rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

Lately, missus Lemon has like diced them up on a pan in the oven, cooked them that way. Today, we actually skewered them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

and I put them on the grill that way. So a bunch of sweet peppers and a bunch of onions,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

and then I did some jalapeno

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

fresco

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

for mine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

I used to do poblanos. When I have poblanos, I will use those. I I really like those mixed in with the sweet peppers. It gives a little bit of a of kind of a natural smokiness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

But, yeah, the the seasoning I mean, cumin is is a go to now for sure. I always just use, like, ancho chili powder, salt and pepper,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

and then the the season we use actually uses oregano and salt and paprika as well. So I put oregano and smoked paprika on my tacos yesterday as well. Yeah. And, you know, all you do, you you grill these chicken breasts up. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

It doesn't take long because you, you know, chicken breast cooks the one sixty five internally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

with Yep. With no problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

You thinly slice it. You know? And then if you if it's a thick chicken breast chip, you know, cut it the the long ways as well as you go through, and you just throw it on whatever. Tonight, I didn't do tacos. We did, rice, and we had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

refried beans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

But then I just, you know, did it on the plate and Yeah. Went to town. Little bit of cheese, little bit of sour cream, some salsa or pico or whatever you got, and you're rock and roll.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

Big fan of Mexican recipes. Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

Sanchez will probably complain that these aren't authentic Mexican recipes. I I just claim that they were. Yeah. I just wanna state for the record. I didn't refer to it as a Mexican recipe because I don't I would never claim such a thing. Second of all, I there's I make no claim to authenticity. So so Sanchez,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

write write to John Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

He used to give out my cell phone number before I was married or dating, and he worried for my future. But it turned out just fine, Stan. And how do you think Anna got it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

Probably Big question. She probably remembers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

So Labor Day chicken tacos, that sounds like a pretty good outcome. We did hamburgers and hot dogs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

Went down great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

Mister Taylor did make it to his honorary seat and enjoy the full porch experience. I'm still waiting for my heat barrier for my fire pit, but, that's coming. So Cold weather is on the way, Stan. It is. It is. That that, heat barrier will be here in no time. I'm sure of it. So, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

speaking of heat, is heat still emerging in through your roof throughout your house?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

Well, it's cold outside now. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

now it's cold, and now I'll lose heat out through that hole because now there is still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

multiple holes in my roof and multiple holes. Well, one big giant hole in my guest bedroom. Now but you've had rain, and apparently, the tarp is holding up just fine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

initially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

we had lots of wind on Friday night, it must have been. Oh, no. And so missus Kolmeyer being the early riser that she is says that there is rain falling through the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:26]

holes in the ceiling. Oh, no. She put some buckets underneath.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:31]

But yeah. So I climbed up on the roof, and the wind had blown one corner of my tarp off where rain then got in and proceeded directly to the holes, which are fairly low on my roof.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

So I got that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

nailed down more more two by fours, more nails,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

ran dehumidifier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

and the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

fan

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

and subfloor dried out again. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

So did you have any issue with the remaining drywall insulation above it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

No. No. There's enough,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

area around it now. That's not an issue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

It will be interesting to see, like, where the tree hit the gutter, and there's an indentation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

when they start to pull that stuff up to see what kind of water damage is there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

But that doesn't I haven't seen anything interior,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

for that. Now do you have a contractor secured at this point to do your repair work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

I do. They are currently fighting with the insurance company,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

so I don't remember where I left off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:39]

But the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

insurance company basically said they would replace, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

a seven by seven square of my roof.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:47]

And the roofing contractor came out and said, that is absolutely insane.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

And I guess sent them a bid for, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:56]

$13,000.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

And then my claims rep wanted their phone number so that you could get an itemized list of what was all there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

So right now, it is raining currently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

and I still have a tarp covering the holes in my roof, and people are fighting about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

I'm I'm assuming his area was much bigger than seven by seven that he bought. He was gonna replace the whole roof and the garage roof due to the wind wind damage that's there Okay. That the adjuster didn't even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:25]

say anything about because he thought the shingles would lay back down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

Who? By themselves?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

Yeah. So apparently, during windstorms, like, you can get debris or something under the shingles.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

Then when the sun hits them, they'll lay back down and stuff like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

Yeah. They're still This is they're still sticking up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:48]

It's still curled. So lots of wind damage there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

So my guess is that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

roofing guy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:56]

covered roof for both of those gutters on both of those soffits,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

fascia, all that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

So do you think he's doing both sides of the roof then or just the wall? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Yeah. As I say, if you if you wind up going whole hog, you might as well do both sides of the roof regardless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

Well, John, I I hope, I hope you get that solidified, man. I'm sorry it's been such a hassle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

Are you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

if you decide you want to shame your insurance company at any point, you know, this podcast is here for you. I will I will give a shout out to my claims rep who's, like, super helpful and nice on the phone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

So I've spent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

probably over two hours on the phone with her between all the phone calls.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

But she's been very helpful and very easy to work with and is willing to work with me. She just has to have, like, her documentation so that she can justify stuff to her managers and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

Okay. So are you gonna exchange Christmas cards with her?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

Okay. Alright. Well, it's not that relationship yet, but it might be by the end of this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

Maybe. I don't even send you a Christmas card, Stan. I guess I did the one year we sent Christmas cards. Yeah. I I wasn't gonna say anything about that, John. I wasn't I wasn't gonna bring it up. But do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

you have you happened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

to get a utility bill yet, like your electric bill to see how much of an increase in electric usage you had because of this hole in your roof?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

So I believe the electric bill mostly covered

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

the storm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

So I haven't seen this, especially when we had those close to a 100 degree days, and I caved and turned on the air conditioner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

And and I wonder how much the week of no electricity also offset that as well. You know? So it it'd be interesting to see how it all shakes out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

I hope you will report.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:51]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:51]

If I think about it. If you think about it. Alright. So when all this is done with the roof and my roof is covered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

basically, so I don't have to deal with another contractor, I might give you a call and Aaron Finker to come help me hang some drywall. Hang drywall? I don't know that he would I don't know that he would do that. He's he still gets like a twitch when I mentioned hanging drywall with him.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

I need you to come because you have all the tools.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

Need to find somebody with a truck. Dry well, that's I mean, you can have, like, Lowe's or Home Depot deliver right to you, and it's it's totally worth it. When I did Yeah. When I did my big basement project,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

that's actually what I ended up doing. I had all the drywall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

that I needed delivered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

to the house there, and they they actually brought it right up into the garage and put it on some two by fours I had there. And and I as I needed a sheet, I picked it up, carried it down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

and well, or or banker carried it down with me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

Now did you have a truck at this point, or was this pre truck? I had I had the Dodge Durango.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

So I I don't remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

I don't remember if a full sheet of drywall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

fit easily into the back of that. I think it was probably pretty close or at like an angle I could get a couple of sheets in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

Because the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

let's see. The back seats, I think, like, there was a lot of space on everything folded down in there. I just don't remember if I if I did a full sheet. I moved lumber,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

like, by fours all the time in that thing because I did not bulk order those for reasons that I'm not well, I know why I didn't do that. I didn't order I didn't bulk order two by fours because I went and I looked at each individual two by four to ensure it was plum

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

before I bought it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

Because I I did not have very large margins of error calculated in my budget for that whole project. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

love that car, Stan. Oh, it was it was a ton of fun. It was the most expensive car I've ever owned, though. The the amount of maintenance that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

I I had to do on that thing was awful. It was just absolutely terrible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

And then you went all in on Honda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

Yeah. Well, I mean, not initially. Right? I bought the I bought the Civic because I was gonna be putting on a lot of miles, and the Civic really is what made me fall in love with Honda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

Nice. So that car was a dream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

John. We got other big news that we gotta cover.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

You apparently made a big that I already knew about. Yeah. You apparently made a big purchase

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

a while ago, and you did not clue me in. And then I It's actually a fairly small purchase for the time being. For the time being.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

But but then I only found out about this because I butt dialed you with FaceTime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

That's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

The Kohlmeyer's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

now happy owners of a little golden retriever puppy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

See, if you told me when you put the deposit down, I could have made a joke about the Kohlmeyer's are expecting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

Sorry, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Tell tell us about this dog, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:55]

So the dog's name is Taliesin

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

onocton

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

coalmire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

Wait. Wait. Tell You gave it a middle name? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

Okay. And what what I'm sorry. What was the middle this is the first time I've heard the middle name. Octone? Onoctone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

Onoctone. Greek.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

I mean, this isn't what? Anoctone. This would be complicated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

Alright. Just lay it out for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

Retriever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

You did retriever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

in Greek. Middle name in Greek. Didn't you flunk Greek?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

I did. Okay. Well well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

So Taliesin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:35]

there are multi

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:37]

there's a multifaceted reason why we named him Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

First and foremost, we've talked about on the podcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:44]

Frank Lloyd Wright's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

estate is called Taliesin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

and his winter home is called Taliesin West.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

And missus Colmer and I visited Taliesin West on our honeymoon and have since been to Taliesin twice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

So, Frank Lloyd,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

because we're supposed to have a thing, we are theater and Frank Lloyd Wright people, apparently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

Not my not my idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

I I mean, you're embracing it, though. There's no doubt about it at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

Full on embracing it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

Secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

there is a running tradition

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

in my side of the family to name dogs after wizards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:24]

Taliesin was a Welsh bard and basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

Merlin's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:31]

kinda guide.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:33]

Merlin's stan. That's basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:36]

Okay. Okay. I'll I'll take it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

So, yeah, so we got Taliesin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:41]

mean shining brow in Welsh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

So golden retriever, shining brow. Do you do you have, like, Welsh roots?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

It's just that that it stems out of Frank Lloyd Wright and fantasy Merlin more. And, basically, Anna wouldn't let me call the dog Saruman.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

Oh, that that's a missed opportunity right there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

So my sister and her husband Jeff have a dog named Gandalf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

so that was already taken. Yeah. I mean, that's that's like the the John of names, right, for Right. For going down the wizard route. So you said there's a tradition of naming pets by wizards. Does this extend extend beyond Elizabeth or, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:25]

No. It's just her. Okay. So it's only a tradition have a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

well, they've had two dogs that they've named after wizards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

Okay. Okay. So it's their tradition,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

sort of, that you're bringing into your home. Correct. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

My younger sister, Becca,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

got a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:47]

dog when she was, like, a freshman in high school, so it's technically her dog, and she gave it some weird random name. So that dog is named Roxy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

which I don't think is a wizard. That's a very high school name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

That's a very high school girl name. It's like a nineties name. Yeah. No. It totally is. Totally is. I bet I bet she picked it out while she was hanging out at the Hot Topic at the mall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

Right. I don't think Becca ever did that, but sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

So okay. Taliesin, golden retriever. How how old is he?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

He is eight weeks old as of Monday, so yesterday when we're recording this. Clearly not potty trained?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

Clearly not potty trained. How's that going for you, doing alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:31]

He has a couple accidents today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

but for the most part, he's kinda getting the hang of things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

Today, he learned how to walk up stairs, which is very important

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

seeing as my backyard is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

off of a deck. So there's, like, a whole flights worth of stairs there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

So if I if you had asked me ahead of time for advice around getting a dog You would have said don't get one that sheds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

No. No. No. Not I mean I mean, that's most dogs shed. I would have told you that getting a puppy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

on the brink of wintertime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

when trying to house break it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

is really difficult. So here's my advice to you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

House break that dog as fast as you can because it is no fun once it starts the snow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

Speaking from experience. That was Dax.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

So today, it was cold and rainy. I took shelter under the garage eve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

Yeah. Yeah. You gotta do the garage eve because apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

shingles are all pointed up and who knows what's coming in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Good deal. So is this missus Kolmeier's dog or your dog or, like, what's the division of ownership?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

So at this point, missus Kolmeier takes on the majority

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

training and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

paying attention to him. But in two weeks, she will be going to school when the dog will then come hang out with me while I work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

See, that'll be fun. That was Ivan for me. So Ivan used to hang out. Ivan was my first Schnauzer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

Used to hang out with me while I wrote code during the day and, lounged in my office. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

good deal, man. Good deal. So how long He's fun. How long until he's big enough that you can take him for a walk?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

Probably a couple months.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

Okay. Like, I mean, we can start taking him for walks, but for any walk of any sort of length, that will be a couple months. Have you thought about getting a basket for your bicycle?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

Right now, my bicycle needs to go into the shop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

Well, I mean, why don't you do that? And then when you get it out of the shop, I'll send you a link for a basket, and you can put little, little tally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

in the front there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

Tally. Yes. So okay. But you're not gonna use all those syllables every time you you wanna talk to the dog. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

I think I probably will. Interesting. Okay. Well, bold move, Jonathan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

So are is this gonna be is this dog allowed on furniture? Have you made these decisions yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

So missus Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

would

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:08]

not like the dog on furniture unless he is invited up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

Hey. Good luck with that. Once you invite a dog, it's an open invitation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

He he does not sleep in the bed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

Yeah. There you go. He has a crate. Here's He loves his crate and he sleeps a lot. Here's my pro tip for you on this front. If you for, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

let's say, three years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

don't let the dog in anything. Don't even invite up occasionally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

Right? Then at the end of three years, when you say, hey, come up here and sit on my lap while I'm on the couch, the dog will only do it when you explicitly invite it. That's that's the situation we have with Dax. We literally went years without letting the dog on anything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

and now it's a very explicit invitation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

and she is not bold enough to try anything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

Nice. Yeah. Laying down the lost team. Yep. Now, what's some have have you researched, like, dog food and and all that? Because that's a whole like, there's a subculture around dog food, man. That's almost spooky.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

no. We asked the breeder what they were eating then, so we bought a bag of that. Turns out that they turned the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

they changed the food, like, a week before we picked them up, and they didn't tell anybody.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

So we got a little sample bag of that that they sent us home with, and we've basically been mixing them together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

Okay. So what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

are you willing to share brands? I mean, this is this is a very deep and personal thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:32]

As I said, Anna is in charge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

of You don't even know the brand of dog food?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

I don't. There the bag is in the closet up there, so I would be able to find that if I needed to go get more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

So I I will tell you if you haven't so you're gonna have to figure out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

you know, your long term strategy for for buying dog food. Right? I I will I will highly endorse chewy.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

but I would also say this is a great use of Amazon Subscribe and Save, and just double check the pricing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

Same thing with, like, flea and tick collars or if you do the the icky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

stuff that you actually drip. I totally recommend the collar. It's worth the little extra because the dog gets so gross when you do the little drippy thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

that's actually where we get our dog food is we get it through, through Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

And Nice. Yeah. And it just comes, you know, once every I think we do every two months for the size that we get, but totally recommend that. I try to think what else. How often does Dax eat?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Well, it's so we provide food to her. We it's funny you bring this up because we were having a pretty heated discussion over the weekend about this. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

we feed her in the morning and at night. Right? It's like 09:00

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

and seven is really the times we feed her. What we started to notice is that she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

you know, when she was littler, she would inhale her food, and that's why you've seen the the crazy curly q

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

To make them slow down between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

them. Yeah. Right. It's a maze bowl. Right? And, yeah, it slows her down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

she doesn't I don't know that she needs that anymore because she's just a grazer, and she'll graze all day long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

we've been talking about, like, could we get away with giving her all the food that she's supposed to have for the day in the morning, and then she just works her way through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

And, you know, I mean, if that if that works, but she definitely didn't start that way. So that's a know, she's getting to be an older dog. She's six and a half years old or whatever at this point. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

Not a puppy anymore. No. Sometimes she acts like a puppy, which, you know, I appreciate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

Alright, Stanley. We'll keep you updated because this will probably be a recurring segment on the podcast now. Oh, no doubt. Mean early days. Yeah. You're you're a dog owner. This is this is completely changing your life. So I I wish you the best of luck, John. Owning a dog is a lot of fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

It can be very expensive, so I hope your little tightwad self can handle it. He likes tennis balls,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

so I'm good on toys for a while. For a while. Yeah. Wait wait till he discovers that you're, you know, a piece of furniture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

Yeah. Fun times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

Alright, John. On that note, my friend, I will leave you to go and throw the ball with Tally S and live that dream that every man

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

wants with a man's best friend there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

alright. Alright. This is Sam Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Oh. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
