---
title: It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Spring
episode: 124
date: '2021-03-04T13:54:11.000Z'
slug: its-beginning-to-look-a-lot-like-spring/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So, John, I have some good news on the tax front.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

I don't think I'm gonna go to jail.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

Well, that's good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

What changed? Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

so if I I don't know. I I remember you saying it's been a while since you've used TurboTax.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

In the process of checking out with TurboTax to pay for the product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

they, like, double check your taxes multiple times. So when you click on review, it doesn't actually review everything. There's, like, additional stuff that it checks the closer you get to payment. I I don't don't know why it's very confusing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

I was feeling really good about everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

I double checked, triple checked, went to go check out, and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

more corrections came in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

Alright. And and this this boiled down to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

not interpreting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

the letters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

that accompany box 12 on your w two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Right? So an example of that is, like, the contributions I've made to my four zero one k, the contributions I've made to my HSA, etcetera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

Once I got all that sorted out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

the check that I was slated to get back from the federal government disappeared.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

And Well, it's I'm glad that my gut feeling was right, that something was wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

I'm I'm now in that safe place where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

the the I I actually am getting a refund, but it's, like, it's, like, $200. Right? Okay. Not the many dollars you were slated for before? It was it was, like, 3,000 or whatever. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

I'm in that safe zone now where I don't think I'm gonna go to jail because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

I'm not asking the federal government to send me money. Basically, that that's that's how I gauge all this. Right? If I'm asking the federal government to send me money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

when it comes time for taxes, I'm I'm probably going to jail. That's just that's like Right. I'm not saying it's rational or or any of that, but but that's where I'm at. So In general,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:12]

if your taxes changed a whole lot from the previous year and nothing major changed, like, maybe you don't get that just being in school tax credit anymore,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

then there's probably something wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

Yeah. So suffice to say, here I am, my taxes are submitted, I'm done, I was done before March,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

and I feel okay about it. I my anxiety probably will not go away until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

December,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

but I'm I'm okay right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

Alright. I think you're fine, Stane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

I I will say that Lucy, my oldest, listens to the podcast as she does

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

quite regularly, and because she's not mowing the lawn now, she listens before she falls asleep,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

and and it created great angst in her the thought of her daddy going to jail, and so I had to explain everything the following morning. So don't worry, Lucy. I'm not going anywhere yet. Gonna give the kid nightmares.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

Yeah. Well, hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

So I I wanted to follow-up. We talked about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

your new m one Mac, and then we never followed up on it. So I I had a couple things I wanted you to pay attention to. One was the instant on. Right? This notion that when you open the the Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

it comes on much faster than the old Intel Mac. Have you have you actually noticed that? I have noticed that. Again, I don't think it's life changing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

Okay. Now, do you do you think it's not life changing because it's not that much faster, or you just didn't feel like it was that much of a problem beforehand?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

So it's noticeably faster,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

but again, we're talking like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

one second versus fractions of a second. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

Yeah. I I think the thing that I'm curious of there's sometimes where I go to open my Mac and I feel like it hangs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

And so if it's I have not experienced any of that. Of course, this is a work machine, so I don't have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

30,000 photos that are being loaded into a photo library or anything like that. Well, it's yeah. That's right. Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

so not not a game changer for you, but you have noticed it. Yes. Alright. And then the other thing we talked about, you had not held this laptop on your lap? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

I was interested in heat output and battery life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

Have you have you unplugged the computer at all? I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

I actually made it through two entire workdays

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

without charging the battery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

Woah. Are you are you doing, like, video conferencing or running Slack or anything like So batteries this kind just basically Slack,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

Numbers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

and Safari.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

Okay. Safari can be kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

resource hog ish depending on times, but I wasn't doing anything like video conferencing or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

editing video or anything like that. If if you don't wanna answer this next question on the podcast, that's fine. You can just text me. But did you work two full eight hour days? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

It it seemed seemed like a potentially risky question to ask. Alright. Well, I I gotta say that that seems like a big deal to me. Yeah. I mean So that days. That is crazy. Cause I mean, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:12]

my MacBook Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

I could maybe make three, four hours at this point. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

Yeah. I'm I'm about the same. I think the battery and then the heat output is the other thing that really bothers me. And have you noticed any change there, difference? So I noticed that there's definitely still a heat output,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

but it is nowhere near what the pro puts out. Okay. And obviously, there are no fans in the one that you got, so you're not getting any of that noise or any that. Right. I I gotta say, maybe it's the way that I use my my personal Mac, but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

there's a ton of heat that comes off this thing, and it is often unpleasant on my legs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

I do weird things to, like, balance it between my knees. Like, I'll pin the hedges, you know, what and they're like, it's just weird stuff that probably deserves a picture. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

I'm I'm definitely inching towards this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

Maybe a little less fast now that I'm not getting a big check from from the federal government from my taxes, but, you know, it is what it is. So When these were announced last March, weren't they? And then available in fall?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

No. No. No. No. Not that not that long. Well oh, announced?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

Yeah. That could be right. I I feel like they didn't come available till the fall, like, late, like, early fall, but I could be wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

why? Are you expecting a refresh?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

I would expect that something happens here, whether they're putting it in different computers or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

going crazy. So the announcement was confirmed, I believe, at WWDC,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

which always happens in June, as I'm recalling And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

so it was then in the fall that they were released. I'm pretty sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

That makes sense. They I don't think they've been around a long time. I think the question is, like, how much are they gonna change?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

And I would probably be going for an entry model,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

like a MacBook Air. So I might I don't know, man. Did you get eight or 16 gig of of memory?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

16.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

Okay. Yeah. So it's kinda where I feel like I gotta be. But Yep. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

instant's faster, not really a big productivity change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

Heat output is less. I guess the other thing is, like, how often do people turn on and off their computer? So, like, if they're moving it around every 30 minutes from room to room for meetings, like, might make a difference, but I do mine, like, twice day. Yeah. And that very well could be what they were thinking of when they when they, you know, put time into into making that happen. Because I think of just when I would travel for work, right, moving from room to room or desk to desk, whatever it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

like, there there's some lag there. It's there's a bit of a productivity gain by just being able to open it up. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

Yep. Alright. Well So there's in all, seems like a a decent update, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

Absolutely. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

Alright. It is March.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

I wanted to ask you, is there anything I should be doing with my lawn? I feel like we're getting like, I can see the grass now. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

basically, we need to figure out your soil temperature. And when the soil temperature hits 55 degrees, no matter where you are, that's when things kick off. Okay. Well, I'm definitely not there yet because it's 41 degrees outside right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

But you could be getting closer to that window, like, get a couple 60 degree days in there, and there we have it. So we had a high fifties and a 60

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

ish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

over the weekend. Like, Friday, Saturday, Sunday was a nice warm stretch, which which is what got me thinking, because suddenly all of the snow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

melted away. And again, like, I think I'm a ways away yet, but I I also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

have to decide, am I gonna sign up for Scotts again this year, or am I gonna do the John Colmire plan? Whatever the John Colmire plan may be. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

Which means I have to come up with John Colmire plan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:00]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:01]

back to soil temperatures,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

I like to use the GreenCast online

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

tool

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:07]

under resources.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

I think. There's a soil temperature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

You can put into your zip code and it will tell you what it is, but the website is being too slow for me to do that. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

I just need you to check it every day and text me. That that really would would work out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

The other option is there is a yard mastery app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

you put in your address and it will tell you, like, basically what your soil tumps are, or you go grab your meat thermometer and you stick it three inches into the ground. Will the yard mastery app actually give me a push notification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

when my soil temperatures get to the right, like, point? It will not give you a push notification

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

when your soil temperature gets there, but it will give you a push notification if you wanna use their products and tell you when to throw down your pre emergent and first fertilizer app of the year. Okay. Well, that that is interesting. Like, I could I could potentially see some value in there, assuming that it's not stupid expensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

which is kinda what I'm expecting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

but but we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

last year, you had me do a soil test. I shouldn't say you had me. You're like, hey, you should do a soil test. And so I did I did do one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

and You did? Yeah. And I I've I show I showed you the results when I got it, and you're like, oh, well, just do what it says.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

So which probably means that, like, there's too much brain power required to process that, so I'll probably just do Scott's. Unless, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

you tell me what else to do. Basically, here's the thing. Right? The nice thing about Scott's lawn care thing is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

I sign up for it, they ship it to me when I need to put it down, and I don't have to think about it. Right? Like, it's that's a that's a game changer. And my lawn looked better than most of my neighbors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

I'm sure I can take I'm sure I can take it up another level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

looking at what I've shared with you, because I just sent you the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

the soil test results again. What's your what's your response? What's your reaction? What are you thinking, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

So I think the biggest issue right now is you're low in the big three macronutrients,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

nitrogen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

phosphorus, and potassium. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:15]

And then your iron is also really low, and your iron is what will give your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

grass that dark green color. Which I want. I want it to look dark green, not the bright, like, neon green.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

So what Scotts will do is Scotts will tell you to throw down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

the lawn food first thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

And I think they probably have a crabgrass preventer in there at some point too for preemergent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

But, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

the Scotts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

will give you a good dose of nitrogen. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

So you can tell this when you look at a bag of fertilizer. On Scotts, it's kinda hidden. I think it's on the back, but there are three numbers separated by two dashes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

So those are the nitrogen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

phosphorus, and potassium values. So, like, Scott's is gonna be 36.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

Okay. So 36%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

of everything in that bag is nitrogen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

0% phosphorus, and 0% potassium. Why don't they put any phosphorus or potassium in it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

So that's a good question. Nitrogen is the one that needs to be replenished the most often, and that pushes leaf growth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:22]

leaf growth and color to some point. Iron will give you the darker green color,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

but nitrogen kinda keeps your lawn green and growing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

Phosphorus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:33]

promotes good root growth, so you'll see this in a lot of starter fertilizers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

Like, when you throw down grass seed, they will tell you to get, like, a ten ten ten fertilizer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

to throw down to promote good root growth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

Since you are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

low in this based on your soil result, like, that might be a good thing to just start off with as a starter fertilizer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

I also have used milorganite in the past, which has a phosphorus content as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Okay. So are you telling me that I should not do the Scotts, or that I should do Scotts and something else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

it depends on how much you want me to think about this for you, Stan. Well, the question really is, John, how how much turnkey can you make this for me? Right? Like, the more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

the more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

hands on it is for me, the more I'm gonna struggle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

to, to keep up with it. Right? Like, that, again, not to keep

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

I swear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

nobody from Scott's has pain to say this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

but it is so stinking easy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:39]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:40]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:41]

Yard Mastery has put out new fertilizer products that I'm pretty sure I can tell you, hey. Go buy this bag, and you'll be fine, and you'll come in cheaper than Scott's, and it will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

contain the iron,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

and it will contain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

these nutrients that you need. So will I though be able to use my spreader? Because I know you like to do the spray on stuff, and I I really just think I've got too much I got way too much

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

space. We just gotta get you a backpack spreader, and then you're gonna spend, like, $2 per thousand feet, and you'll be good. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:12]

$2? No. So so what I would suggest to you, because I don't wanna teach you how to spray

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:19]

spray things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

is, yeah, we could get you granular fertilizer that you would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

just spread out, and they even have the Scott spreader settings on the back. Okay. Yeah. See, I can handle that. So now they're making Yard Mastery is making their own,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

product, and I'm I probably do need to get something down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

soonish then, don't I? Gosh. I'm looking at these bags. 55 degrees is the go time. So that's when you'll put down your crabgrass preventer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

So that's like a prodiamine or something like that and your first fertilizer app, really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:55]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

So remind me what the three numbers are.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

Nitrogen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

leaf growth and color,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

phosphorus,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

which is root growth, and potassium,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

which basically cell structure, so that helps

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

helps your turf during stressful times, so, the winter or the summer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

So this is And just promote the overall confusing. I'm just looking at the four new yard mastery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

and, like, double dark only has nitrogen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

And iron. So the thing with these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:30]

is there's a bunch of micronutrients in there too. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

yardmastery.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:39]

shop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

fertilizer. Sounds like the starter fertilizer twelve twelve twelve with 3% iron and BIONIGHT granular lawn fertilizer is probably what I need based upon my soil profile. That's what I would start with. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

And from there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

so, basically, you fertilize

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

four times a year or whatever, or you can do it every six weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

Basically, that twelve twelve twelve should help you equal out your macronutrients

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

to kick off the year, and then I would probably switch over to the flagship twenty four zero six because pretty much every lawn in America is deficient in potassium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

Okay. But but this has no phosphorus. The flagship has no phosphorus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

So phosphorus, I think that the first twelve twelve twelve,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

will get you going.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

I mean, you could even throw that down twice. I don't know how much this covers. Well, this says 15,000 square feet, so I should be able to be one bag in Two apps?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

Is that one bag I don't know how how much square footage do you have? I think the last time I used it, I I basically figured out that that 15,000 square feet I I can double check this because I did write it down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

I can actually look at what Scott sent me last year. But I thought one bag covered my my use case, because I've got you know, the house is there. There's there's concrete, the deck, etcetera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

All those either way at at space. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

Right. Okay. And then So yeah. I mean, you could throw that down once. You could throw that down twice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

You could throw it down and then take another soil test forty five days later. What about this what about this stress blend? This looks like this has got a ton of potassium.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

Yeah. So the stress blend is really for these high stress times. So if you're in a drought or if you are going into summer, that's the time to throw down the stress blend. The month of July for also right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

So that will also help

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

kinda kick your k up, but really in the spring when your turf is just coming out of dormancy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

your leaf and root growth are gonna be more important. Okay. So when my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

my dirt, my ground gets to be 55 degrees, I'm gonna order some starter fertilizer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

Last year, I did actually, the last couple of years, I've done my grub control from Scott's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

and that that has definitely unequivocally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

made a big difference. I still keep doing that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

Yes. Okay. And then I have used the crabgrass thing, and you you keep saying some funky word that I don't recognize for crabgrass.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

So prodiamine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

is what it so Yard Mastery is zero zero seven prodiamine is what it is here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

So that has some k in it as well, but that's the active ingredient that you'll find in a lot of crabgrass preventers. It's that or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:22]

dithiopir

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

is the other active ingredient for crabgrass preventer. Okay. Alright. So so,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

like, you look at your Scotts Halt's crabgrass, it has either this or dipi

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

dipiopyr

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

in it. Okay. Alright. And so that's a like, basically, going into this world, I'm gonna be doing different applications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

Right? Like, the Scott's, it was all in there. I just did it, and I was done. But this is gonna be Yeah. So this allows you to be more specialized to respond to what your soil test said you need. Okay. Alright. Which is which is fine. So now, I'm low on other stuff like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

sulfur, calcium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

oh, no. No. Calcium, I'm good. I'm simply magnesium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

It was iron, manganese, zinc, copper, and boron.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

And are these the micronutrients

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

that you're you were talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

Yeah. So if you look at your sample results,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

it says macronutrients

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

and micronutrients.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

So some of those are other macronutrients,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

so your calcium and sulfur,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

magnesium.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

Your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

soil pH is a little high,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

and that probably has to do with being low in sulfur, but it's not high enough that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

I'm really concerned about. Okay. We don't need to, like, try and lower it yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

Right. Okay. So if that goes crazy next time you see it, which I can't imagine it will, especially if you're watering regularly and stuff like that, then that should be fine. Well, no and the plan is to get an irrigation system this year. When exactly it gets installed, I don't know, but I I am determined not to do what I did last summer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

which was move

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

move my, sprinklers around from region to region and just spend an incredible amount of time doing it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:07]

So, these micronutrients

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

really help the overall look and color of the turf. The big one that we talked about was iron.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

You get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:16]

how much iron is in that starter for probably 3%? Yeah. I believe that's what it said. Three. Yeah. So there's 3%. Then there's that double dark that was all nitrogen. That was, like, 6% nitrogen. So you'll be fine there if you just stick with these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

fertilizers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

that have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

iron in them. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

that's what I use. That's what has in it. So now for these other micronutrients,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

there might be some of these in these new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

yard mastery

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

products, but I'd have to read the label to see what exactly you're we're getting. I use a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:53]

microgreen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:55]

liquid,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

spray to get my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

micronutrients.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

Yeah. So this says this actually lists 2% manganese,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

no boron,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

no copper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

Yeah. And you need so little of that anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

Yeah. Actually, there's point 1% copper. The image is kinda fuzzy here. Alright. So are you gonna do the Yard Mastery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

blends then? Is that your plan this year?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:23]

So right now, I haven't decided if I will do that or if I will go all liquid. Okay. So on Yard Mastery, they also sell the next DIY products.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

But, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:34]

same sort of thing. Mine is just gonna be sprayed out of a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

pump sprayer but with a battery pack. Now tell me why do you prefer the spray versus the spread?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

Faster results

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

because you don't have to wait for it to get down into the soil because you just have watered it in already.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

And then the other thing is it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

significantly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

cheaper over the long run.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

Interesting. I wonder why that is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

I just can't imagine doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

my whole yard that way. My yard just feels big for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

Yeah. So people with your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

size yard usually get one of those, like, four gallon backpack sprayers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:20]

that are on a battery, so then you just walk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

back and forth kinda like TruGreen would do or something like that. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Alright. Well, I'll think on that. I I I like the idea of continuing to spread it. Just it's easier, and and we're still in easy mode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

Right. Alright. Starter fertilizer. You're I think before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

meet again to talk, my friend, you should

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

find me the link to the crabgrass thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

And and I guess I get I should place some orders at least to get this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

so that I have it when I when I need it, right, rather than waiting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

Right. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

so if you're at home and you're thinking, gosh, I need to do something with my lawn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:03]

At least at this I should reach out to Yard Mastery and get an affiliate link. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

Order your stuff. Get ready to go. That's that's the the advice from John Colmar. Now, did have a question,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

a listener question,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

about Patrick Saint Augustine lawn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

He's got patches and dead spots, and I I don't know anything about a Saint Augustine lawn, so I'm hoping you'll enlighten me first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

So it's Saint Augustine after the city in Florida. No. No. I I I got a I got a degree in Latin, Augustine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

warm season

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

grasses are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

weird compared to our cool season grasses.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

So their growth season

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:45]

actually kicks off in the summer, whereas we have two great growth seasons, which are spring

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

and fall, you know, where you're mowing more often rather than summer and winter. You you mean where Lucy is mowing more often?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

Right. Where Lucy is Yeah. You know what? You know, she's she's gonna be listening to this right now. She'd like, money, money, money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:03]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:04]

Patrick, our buddy Patty, has patches and dead spots in his lawn, but Saint Augustine is self repairing. Like, when you go plant it, usually, it's with plugs, and you just plug all over. It's not like sod like you would do ours or seed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

But Saint Augustine actually grows sideways.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

It shoots out what's called stolons,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

and then the leaves pop out of that, and then more roots fall down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

So what Patrick really needs to focus on is the nitrogen that's gonna just promote top growth

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

the phosphorus,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

which is gonna help his roots dig deeper and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

get more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

get more water nutrients from whatever's going on in Texas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

With that cold snap that Texas had, like, I don't know what that's gonna do to the lawn over the long term, but Saint Augustine is not used to those cold temperatures like Texas had. So okay. Does he need with his patches and dead spots, does he need to dig anything up or put in new plugs?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

So depending on how big the patches are, you can definitely try to plug it, and you can just take a part,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

like, take a plug out of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:17]

a good area of the lawn and transplant it. But, really, it's gonna be water and push nitrogen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

to push growth. Okay. Now you said phosphorus. I was just looking again at all these yard mastery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

options,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

only the starter fertilizer has phosphorus on the yard yard mastery blended one. Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

Yeah. It's kinda weird to see that your phosphorus was low. Oh, really? Because the majority of the country is way high in phosphorus. Today, I learned. Okay. Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

And then there's some areas of the country where I think have limits on how much phosphorus you can actually put down due to water runoff and stuff like that. Right. Well Check your local

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

local stuff. Yeah. I know that, that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

was something, at least when we lived in Seymour and we had the water right next door.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

We actually I think we got something in the mail from the water treatment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

group that's like, do not use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

any fertilizer with phosphorus because it'll it'll, mess with the algae,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

like, the chemicals that deal with algae and, like, trying to reduce some of that. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

yeah. Okay. Well, Patty, I don't think lives anywhere near water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

Right? Because because it's Houston.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

Houston. Right. I mean, The Gulf, if you go far enough. Yeah. He's he's not he's not in that part of Houston. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

so Patty, put down your phosphorus and your nitrogen. That's what John told me to do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

And water. Water. Yeah. Oh, man. I tell you Basically, want how much water did I tell you to put down? An inch a week? I think that was what you said. Yeah. Which is really hard to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

with my setup. Like, this is why I'm gonna go irrigation this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

And hopefully, we get more rain than we did last year. Oh, man. Last year was so bad. I that was the most depressing thing after all that energy I spent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

you know, getting the grass going, and it was looking so great, and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

just nothing. We had no rain for the longest time. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Yep. Alright, John. So there you go. Did you get your your work phone finally?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

I have not. I don't know what the status of that is. Oh, man. Alright. Well, while it's in limbo, we can still talk, I guess, about work and personal phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

boundaries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

You you'd asked me to kinda give you my DL on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

And and so I think the first thing to to just kinda scratch the surface here is I didn't used to have a separate work and personal phone. I do now. And I think as much as I enjoyed a singular device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

I got all the things on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

what I eventually learned is that I didn't actually want all of my work stuff all the time. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

And so I moved to a personal phone because I had some things that I was doing. In particular, I was volunteering as a as a CASA. Right? And I didn't want some of those very sensitive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

things on a work device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

So like like my CASA email. Right? I didn't want that on my work device. That was the big thing. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

And and lo and behold, I've got this I got the separate devices. I feel like I'm in a good spot now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

I don't carry my work phone all the time. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

And I think that's probably my number one pro tip is, like, figure out your like, you've got work hours. Right? You're available at the office eight to five, or whatever it is. And I think your work phone, right, can accompany you in that eight to five window, although really, it's not doing you much good, most likely, in that eight to five window because you're in front of your laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

It's really handy, like, if you've got a doctor's appointment. That way, your doctor's appointment's not gonna interrupt what you're doing. You can stay up to speed on work. What I also do is I've got a set of hours

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

after my workday, like my flex time, if you will, where I am available to respond to things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

that are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

either urgent or important and require a response.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

But those those hours don't go all night. Right? So, like, for And that gets into a whole another question of what constitutes being urgent or important. It it absolutely does. Absolutely does. So for me, right, what what I have is I have my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

within

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

spitting distance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

really till about 08:00 at night. K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

And I will glance down at it to see if I get an interruption

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

from Slack or an email, something of that sort. And I can usually tell by looking at it, this needs a response immediately or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

And more often than not, at least in my situation these days, it's not urgent. And so for me, it's just like, okay. I I I'm available if somebody needs me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

Last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

Friday, there was an incident where somebody needed me, and I was able to be available right away. Right? But I think the key is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

on the weekends, I don't carry it, right, unless I'm on call or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Outside of those, like, flex hours, I don't carry it because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

you know, I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

like, I'm I'm not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

I I have boundaries. Right? And I I wanna watch TV and veg out at the end of the day like like a normal American.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

But the other thing for me is that I find it really handy to untether me when work slows down to be able to do other stuff. So again, like, I've got a doctor's appointment. Right? And I can go and still be connected and responsive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

because out of it, like, say an hour long

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

absence from the desk, only ten minutes of that is probably being spent with the doctor. So the other fifty minutes, I can continue to get stuff done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

I think I think you use your work phone to fill in those gaps. Right? And to, like, if if it's not enabling you to be more results driven rather than, like, clocks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

clock watching on the work computer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

then you're probably using it wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:54]

that's basically what I was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:56]

figuring.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

I don't know that I would stay available as late as you do, but you're more important than I am. So Well, I work with a lot of folks that are West Coast. Yeah. You kinda really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:06]

all over the world in some cases. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

for me, I know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

folks in, say, California, right, are probably gonna be done around 05:00, which is 08:00 my time. So that's what I based it off of. Right? And it's it's an availability if somebody needs something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Yeah. So really, what would be urgent is if you are blocking all progress for some other individual at that point. Yep. Yeah. Exactly. Or, you know, sometimes somebody will say, hey. I I need you to to check or sign off on something. Right? Review a a thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

and I can do that from my phone, and then, you know, like, let's say it's 06:00 my time, and if it's somebody in California,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

they've got they got two more hours to go. Like, I would rather enable them to to to be able to make use of that time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

than than to slow them down. So or to make them wait till the next day. Right? And and that's kind of the way that I view it. Again, like, in in my role, my capacity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

my job is largely to get blockers out of the way for people and to enable them to move faster. Right? Connect dots when necessary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

And so for for me, the phone is is just it gives me optimal flexibility

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

make sure that when I am doing work time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

rather than simply watching the clock and and checking in, checking out. Right? That I'm I'm actually helping people out when they need it. Right? Because I I do Right. Work in a pretty diverse,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

you know, time zone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

company. Right? We we span a lot of lot of area. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

Alright. I I will Sounds good. It's Another another time of science, right, is I usually take my lunch away from my desk or I try to. Some days, I'm better than this than others. Hey, Stan. Soon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:46]

it's gonna be nice enough where you can go enjoy your lunch on your deck. I'm gonna I'm gonna be grilling on my deck for lunch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

But but this this is a great example of where the phone can come in handy, because I can step away from the computer. Right? But I'm I still have the level of availability to check on it if I need to, but it's not, like, in my face. Again, I I really think we get in this habit in in some of these, roles that you and I have, right, where we are trying to fulfill a certain number of hours of the day. And some days are gonna be longer, some days are gonna be shorter, but but ultimately, right, it's about results, unblocking people, and just continuing to make progress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

So that's that's what I see the work phone as. And then, you know, when I'm when I'm not doing that, like, because it's after eight, or because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

I'm not on call, or because it's the weekend, or it's a company holiday, or I'm PT, or whatever, don't have the work phone, and I don't even have the temptation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

And I think that temptation bit is really important, because that's where I got myself into a lot of trouble when I only had one phone. Right? Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

it was so easy to check up on how things were going. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

anyhow, I look forward to when you finally do get your your work phone, we can talk about both the device and and how you're handling it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:57]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

I don't think that I will use it as much as you do so. That's probably true. You're not a phone guy, though, either. That's I'm not a phone person. So alright. Last but not least, John, WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

I thought this was a really good episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

Definitely not like the episodes before it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

And you didn't completely spoil it for me. I learned more about Agnes than you had told me. Well, I've been I've been trying to hold myself back. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

this this is interest I don't know if this was the intention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

It's so hard to tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

But I don't know. In the nineties, it was very common for a sitcom to do an episode in a twenty four episode season

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

where they just, like, recapped

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

through clips. Right? It's like they were being reminiscent. They would show all these other clips. And I don't know if that was part of what was being intended here or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

I I'd like to think maybe it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

but we basically got a walkthrough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

of of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

really, Wanda's trauma

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

up through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

the the moment in time that she's at inside of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

Westview. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

Now, why do you say this was so much different? Just because of the the, like, time iteration or or what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

Yeah. Time iteration,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:16]

and I don't know if it's just because we're getting further closer to present day with themes and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:24]

But, like, every

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

almost every other episode has been very heavy in the sitcom y elements Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

Even the last one. Yeah. Yeah. We had that Modern Family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

spin out. I think I think we're probably done with that. I don't think we'll get any of that in episode nine. That's my prediction. It's kinda hard to believe that we have just one episode left.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

Agatha here is probing to understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

did the hex. And I think it's it's more than just the hex. Like, she's she's creating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

matter. Like, I think I think the the term that Agatha uses is spontaneous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

creation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

Right? Which is probably a reference to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

the twins,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

as well as vision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

I thought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

the recaps were largely helpful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

They didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

to me, move the story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

forward so much as close gaps, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:23]

I think I would agree with that. It was nice to go back to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

childhood Wanda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:29]

and see, like, her initial powers and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:33]

the death of her parents and stuff like that and playing off that grief.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:37]

Once again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

Elizabeth Olsen's acting was phenomenal. Yeah. She's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

she's been fantastic. I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

you can't even can't even put into words how awesome of a job she's done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

This is the episode where we do understand why we have the sitcoms though, which I thought was was clever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

Also, it answered some of the questions that we had about who we were emulating in episodes one and two and so forth. Sure. So we we come to find out as far as I can tell, right, Sokovia is essentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

like, part of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

the the communist block. At least that's how it's presented. Right? And so there's this oppression

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

of what looks like dissidents,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

and her parents are learning English, and they're using sitcoms to do so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

And and also, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

they represent this idealistic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

view of a family, and what a family is supposed to be, how life is supposed to be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

which then everything that comes afterwards is juxtaposed against.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

What's interesting, we've got this bomb that that drops on the house. Right? We've heard about this from Ultron.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

Yep. But there's an illusion that she has powers at that point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

makes sense if she's a mutant like she has been in the comics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

but that has never explicitly been said until this point. Agatha actually No. We all thought it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

struck her messing with her mind and stuff like that. Exactly. And and using the mind stone, right, to change Wanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

And that that is still true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

Right? Like, Agatha explains it for us. She actually says, like, there was something there, and and, essentially, the experiments that Strucker did made it not fade away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Right? Right. Then she drops, I think, the big bomb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

At least in my mind, it's the big bomb,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

which is she calls Wanda the Scarlet Witch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

Yes. And this is the first time that that happens, because as far as I know, this has been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

intellectual property of the X Men universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

Which was owned by Fox until last year. Right. And so this is part of the fruits of that whole thing, you know, come and do here. I think that's that's like, I'm super excited about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

It also opens up a lot of potential for her character in general. Right? Like, the the extent of her power, where she goes from here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

This is an opportunity to bring in more x men.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

Agatha Harkness is a a link to the Fantastic Four. Right? Because that's that's actually where her character starts in the comics. So I think what what what I appreciate about this episode is it opened these doors to the rest of the MCU that had been previously locked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

because of, you know, licensing and copyrights and all that jazz.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:20]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:21]

So now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:23]

I guess we should talk about the whole house thing because we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:28]

as we're going through Wanda's past and how we got to where we are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:32]

she has the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:34]

plans for a house

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

from Vision,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:37]

like, Vision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:39]

I don't know that we know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:41]

what Real Vision is anymore. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

Well I but that's kinda where she starts to hex in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:49]

Westview,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

New Jersey. Right. It I this is the vision that died in the Infinity War.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

Right. And and so, apparently, it I thought it was kinda cute. There was a little heart on it, very similar to the heart on the calendar in episode one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

Right? So she Yep. She goes to to view this, that we're gonna start a life together. Right? This was gonna be, I think, the fulfillment of all that she had lost previously. This is, again, the sitcom element. Just overwhelmed by grief. She creates the hex. It's clear as day that she creates the hex.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:18]

Just prior to this, I guess it's worth mentioning, she goes to S. L. D. Try and get the body of Vision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

And the story that we get is very different from the footage that's shown to agent Wu and Darcy. Did you pick up on that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:31]

Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

presumably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

what Wanda showed us in this episode is real and what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:39]

wayward Hayward? Whatever his name is. Hayward. Hayward. Director Hayward. Wayward Hayward. Has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

shown us has is not true. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

What do you what do you think his what do you think his end goal is here? Because I have a I have a hypothesis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:54]

What his end goal is? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:58]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:59]

with the way that shield went and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:02]

them being sword, probably to make a defensive weapon Yep. Which we'll get after the credits. I don't wanna jump ahead. Right. But when I watched this, I thought to myself, he is trying to get Wanda to reanimate Vision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

That's that's he's totally playing a mind game on her. I don't think they were pulling Vision apart so much as trying to figure out how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

to get him back to life and functional.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

Right. That post scene credit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

which it's so funny. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:31]

I thought they were gonna do that for a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

and then and then they didn't until was it two episodes ago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

And I saw someone on the Internet ask, well, why do you why do you why are they doing post credit scenes now? And I think if you just think about the progression of the decades, like, that's what you do in the February Sure. And the the twenty tens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:49]

But we've got the white vision,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

which this all comes out of that West Coast Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

comic line that I've been talking about for so long. And in that comic line

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

or arc rather, that's the word I should be using,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:03]

Vision has been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

his brain has been wiped. He's been dismantled by the government.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

And when he comes back to life, he lacks his personality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

but he's otherwise entirely vision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:15]

I don't know if that's what they're gonna do here. I kinda hope so,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

but we'll see. Well, we only have one episode to find out. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

I can't remember if I sent you this in a text or I talked about it on the podcast. There there's this line from the actress who played Monica Rambo who referred to the last episode as both epic and sad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

Alright. I'm not sure it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

like, can you get more sad than that last episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:40]

Know? Like, really? Yes. Yes. You can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:46]

in here here's my I'm I'm gonna pull back from the Mephisto hypothesis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

at this point. I do not believe that we will see him I hope so. In episode nine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

I am suspicious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

that we will get Immortus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:02]

who is the master of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

I I think there's a chance that he comes into play or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

that they actually introduce us to Kang,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:12]

who's also a manipulator of time, kind of like a a later derivative of Immortus, quite honestly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:17]

Sounds like it would be a post credit scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

It it could be. It could be. But I I think there's something else still at play here. I don't think this is as simple as just Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:26]

and Agatha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

I think there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

another villain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

at play. I think also, we've got the villain of Shield or not Shield, Sword

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

that we still have to figure out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:38]

And I think the biggest thing for the next episode is how does the Hex come apart?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

Right? Because you know it has to end. What happens to Vision when it ends?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

Right? And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:52]

last but not least, where does Wanda go?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

Because I don't I mean, is she gonna go to the the thing in the ocean? Right? That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

where where they keep superheroes who've who've behaved since the Sokovia Accords as they showed in in Civil War? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

There's supposed to be a tie in into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:10]

doctor Strange, the next doctor Strange. Doctor Strange. What do you think the chances of Cumberbatch showing up are?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

Probably low. You think? Because I'm really hopeful, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:23]

I know. I keep my expectations low, and then I'm never surprised. Yeah. Well, I have been disappointed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:29]

There's no doubt about it. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:31]

Overall, I think WandaVision has definitely had its highs and lows. I wouldn't say it's the best Marvel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:37]

stuff that we've ever gotten,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

but it's also been entertaining all the way through. And we've talked about it every week on the podcast, so they did something. Yeah. Well, there's that. I do think it will be interesting to go back and watch the whole thing from start to finish and see how much,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

from the beginning we missed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

because Right. Of later episodes. And I did that with episode, I think it was five or whatever. I went back and watched. Maybe it was six. I can't remember now. And I told you that episode two was significantly better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

on the second watching. I think this is a movie that's been chopped up into nine pieces,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:11]

and we just have really long bile breaks in between each one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

just one more week though, John. And then I think we get a couple weeks off before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

Not many. Falcon and the Winter Soldier. It's just a couple. Few. Just one? Is it one? I thought it was more than one. I thought it like two. Or do we even?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:32]

So the fifth is one Wandow of Vision will come out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:37]

It'd be interesting to see if I like Falcon and Winter

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:40]

Soldier. Oh, I'm this one, I'm ecstatic about. I like I know that you'll like it. But Yeah. Well Me and my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:47]

Captain America. But Captain America's not in this. Yeah. March 19. We just have one week off. Wow. Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:53]

So you don't like Captain America, but didn't you like the Winter Soldier? I mean, Bucky?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:59]

I guess. I didn't dislike it. See, loved him. I loved Falcon. They're gonna introduce US agents. Falcon is fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:07]

What's the guy? The bad guy from Civil War. Oh, my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:12]

Vemo?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:13]

I should know this. Not Vemo. What the heck is his name? Vemo's like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:17]

money app, isn't it? Yeah. Vemo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:19]

That's Vemo. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:23]

in the world is his name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:27]

He'll come to me later. Zemo. I was close. Zemo. Zemo. I'm over here like Vemo, Vemo. No. It's not a pay app. Zemo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

Yeah. So Zemo, Baron Zemo is gonna be in this again. He's the bad guy from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:40]

Civil War. It seems like he's probably gonna be the bad guy for that show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:44]

I'm really looking forward to that. I think there's a lot of potential. Sharon Carter's in it too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:49]

So we'll just we'll see what what happens. But I think that's gonna be a good one, and I think even you might like it, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:55]

We will see. Alright, my friend. Until next week when we get the final installment of WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:02]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:03]

This is Stan Lemmon, reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

