---
title: 'Fall Technology, Movies and Back to School'
episode: 151
date: '2021-09-07T15:15:40.000Z'
slug: fall-technology-movies-and-back-to-school/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon. Alright. You ready? We're gonna talk about rumors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

Yeah. So you have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

new iPhones and watches, what we expect and what we want,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

on the list, and I've done zero research on this. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

Well, I put them in the note, John, so that you can do research ahead of time. That's that's, like, the whole idea. And I would have to open the note before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

you FaceTime me, and we start recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

So don't you have notifications enabled on the note? I do not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

Am I supposed to? So you okay. Actually, I think I do when I'm sitting in my MacBook,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:00]

but I don't on my phone or anything like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

This I I feel like I know notifications are generally bad, but I feel like enabling notifications for notes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

since you can get them when a shared note changes, that's, like, generally helpful. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

I think you use notes more than I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

Well, it could be. It could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

So you don't get note notifications,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

thus have not seen the agenda for tonight, which should make this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

as interesting as usual, I guess. Well, two of the things have been on here for a couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

But Yeah. But do you do you remember any of them? I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

I don't know that I have anything to add. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

Well, this is You know what? Life with a twisted lemon. What I do bring to the party is I am drinking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

the final Oberon of the season for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

So there's no way that you go get more Oberon? Seems unlikely because I'll switch to Oktoberfest now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

Have you had any Oktoberfest at this point? You did at my house, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

Did we actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

drink the Oktoberfest that we bought?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

Maybe we didn't. I because I bought the Sierra Nevada Oktoberfest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:12]

which is a little sweet. What did we drink when we were kegging?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

Didn't we That's when we got the growler. Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

I don't know that I actually had any Oktoberfest this season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

Wow. We bought we bought beer while you were here that you didn't drink. That's sad. It is sad. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

you know the consolation prize was the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

homemade saison,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:34]

so home brewed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

Which is completely gone now. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

It's a little alarming how quickly it went, but we're not gonna talk about that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

to all the friends I promised to sip, I'm sorry. Don't have to wait till the batch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

Have you started brewing anything else? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

I've got that Bell's kit and I did I did make it up to the brew shop to pick up some yeast. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

And I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

hoping to maybe get that this weekend. We'll see. It's it's been a busy week, John. Yeah. But it's holiday weekend coming up, Stan. Actually It is. It is. Recording a week ahead of time again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

Okay. It'll be after it'll be after the holiday. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

we gotta get the whole schedule sorted out John so that when we're talking about stuff in real time, it's at least closer to the date.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

Maybe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

but like unnecessary

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:23]

stress to get it turned around in time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

We're definitely not going for a timeless podcast either. No. That's just Some episodes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

not all. Yeah. Well, not not recently. So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

I wrote down new iPhones and watches,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

what we expect and what we want because I thought we could have an interesting discussion. Let me back up a little bit. Did you catch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:43]

the iPhone leak in the Ted Lasso episode? I saw there was a news article that said that Ted Lasso might have leaked an iPhone, but no. I did not look into it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

Yeah. So as far as I can tell, all of the Apple Plus or Apple TV Plus shows,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

the actors and actresses just use iPhones. Right. Which makes sense. Yep. And MacBooks. I've definitely noticed Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

there was an iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

that had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

camera bump that was inconsistent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

with not camera bump, the camera notch, you know, the little, like, dip. Yeah. Inconsistent with what, I guess, is out in the wild.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

The Internet seems to think that this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

Apple basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

saying, hey, all you leakers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

here we go. We can do it too. Or so I don't know. Like, who who knows what the what the goals are? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

I I refuse to believe that that was if it is actually an iPhone other than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

a current model, which would have to be a 12. Right? If if it's anything other than that, I refuse to believe that this was an accident. I don't believe that sort of accident

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

exists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

in anything that Apple does. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

I think the thing I'm mostly curious about, John, is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

have you well, have you read any rumors? I have not. You've read none. None. And I also don't have a notch on my phone, So there's that. Yeah. Your phone is so old that if I ask you like what you want in a device, you're likely to describe an iPhone 11.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

Quite possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

Yeah. Alright. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

I'm curious,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

do you you you haven't looked anything. What what do you want in a new iPhone though?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:26]

Yeah. Right now, it's just performance update and better battery life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:31]

Camera,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:32]

I don't know if I'm gonna if I would use the camera more often with a better camera or not, but, like, I don't have portrait mode or anything like that that's been released

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:41]

for years. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

Yeah. Honestly, the camera is so superior to what you have in hand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

you're I think what you're gonna have to do is you're gonna have to train yourself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

to try taking some pictures with it, and then let your mind get blown by the quality of them. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

then from there, it'll become habitual. Because I I feel like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

I don't know, maybe it was the 11 really pushed me, I think, over the edge in terms of the quality of photos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

I I just felt like I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

didn't need my SLR anymore. Now know you're never gonna do that because you're a big believer in the SLR, then that's that's totally fine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:16]

But I would like to Chris is just more robust. SLR camera body at some point, but that's a big piece of change

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

Yeah. Well, that's that's about as expensive as an iPhone, isn't it, John? I think it would be more expensive than an iPhone if I'm looking at a semi pro model.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

Well, yeah. There you go. But it only takes pictures and does video.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

Yeah. I wonder wonder what the video quality is like on those things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

Depends on which one you get. They also do just like like vlogging cameras now too

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

are pretty legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

Are is vlogging still a thing? Like, is that something that that people still do? Okay. Well, see here. I just thought everything was on TikTok. So the problem with me is my life is extremely boring, so a vlog would be very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

not interesting to watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

As as evidenced by this podcast. Right. But this is my life with a twist of sand lemon. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

you're always adding some sourness into my life, Saint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

Oh, hopefully. Hopefully.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

Alright. So rumors right now is the next iPhone is gonna actually be a little bit thicker than the iPhone 12. I thought you might like that. Why would I like that? Right? Is the screen smaller? Like a thicker device. Like, in general, I want my device to be smaller than bigger and thicker sounds bigger and harder to hold and control with one hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

you really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

The as far as I know, the screen size proportions are all gonna be exactly the same. All the rumors I've seen indicate that. Right. But slightly thicker, probably because of a bigger battery. That's good news. Good news. Right? I think, like, if the iPhone's gonna get thicker and and by by the way, we're talking about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

point one seven millimeters thicker. Okay. Right? Like, this is So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

small. I won't really notice because I haven't been holding a device in my hand every day, and it's not gonna seem huge anyway moving from the eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

Yeah. I mean

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

oh, John. You're I this is gonna be so fun when you finally do get this thing because it's gonna be so jarring. You know, you're you're gonna have to swipe up, right, for home. There's there's not gonna be like So I I've started

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

training my mind with this because of the iPad Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

Okay. Alright. Baby steps. Baby steps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

So apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

the camera layout on the back is gonna go diagonal, which you probably have no idea what I'm talking about because your your phone just has one camera. Right? It just has one camera. But yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

Here's I'm showing John So you didn't get the one with the lens?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

No. No. I do. That that one's right here. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

Yeah. You have two phones, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

Yeah. I do. I do. So this phone though only has two dots, and apparently, they're gonna do is they're gonna make them go diagonal. That seems I I don't know why.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:02]

Probably because people had their finger in front of the camera when they were trying to take a picture or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

I cannot even tell you how many times I've done Honest honest to goodness. So that's that's though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

that's just for the base model. The pro layout will still look like this with the three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

But apparently, that's the thing that's gonna happen. I wonder why they wouldn't change it with the pro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

Well, you got three lenses. Think like how would you Yeah. Guess it would. One up and go. Yeah. You would like jump into whatever's next to the camera. I've never taken apart an iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

Yeah. Well, I don't I don't recommend it. Right. I mean, maybe I can do it with my eight when I get a new one, but You'll you'll void your warranty. Your your eight is probably still worth a little bit of trade in money. You should Oh, yeah. Should maybe hold on. $25.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

There

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

there's a rumor that though so I don't you probably can't even see this on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

on camera here. We are a podcast fan. Our listeners definitely can't Yeah. See

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

know they can. But most of our listeners have an iPhone that was made in the last couple of years, John. They're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

not they're not as out of date as you. So so the the camera bumps are slightly raised over the camera panel. Right? There's that whole, like, region that's elevated, and then the bumps are elevated too. And supposedly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

they're going to make the lenses flush,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

Seems the the bump will just be thicker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

Seems like a good idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

Yeah. I honestly, like, I I hate the bump to begin with. Right? I kinda wish that they would just make the whole bloody camera or the phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

that thickness. Like, it's not it's not a lot, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

I I I miss

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

used to be able take an iPhone and just set it flat on a desk, and you couldn't take your finger and rock it. Right. But that's it's been that way for a while. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

I don't know why that annoys me because it's using a case, but I didn't always use it as a I can see that. There's a very slight bump on the iPhone eight. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

Eight had a bump. It didn't have the whole, like, the the region bump out. It just had the lens bump out though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

You know? I just I think there's something I miss about the device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

just looking like a single slab. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

I don't know. Industrial

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

design is hard. But so that that's that's another rumor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

Apparently, the buttons are gonna get moved ever so slightly. They're gonna get moved slightly down. I just think that a big change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

Yeah. Me yeah. Probably. Right? Like, I think, you know, as these phones grow taller, it is a bit of a reach to get up to them. They're gonna probably move closer to the center, I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

It's not clear if the power button is moving down. It might just be the mute and volume buttons. Honestly, I'm surprised that the mute button survives. Right. You know? Yeah. Because, like, I don't even use mine anymore because I do it all from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:50]

control center.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

Yep. Yep. Which, you know, is how the iPad works. The iPad ditched the mute button a long time ago. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

it just makes me wonder if, like, eventually, sometime, that'll go away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

So then there's be new color options. Again, I know you don't care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

Rumors that the notch will get smaller. Wait. Again New color options,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

like the Yeah. IMac orange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

I I don't think so. They're talking about a darker graphite and bronze. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

if they released one in orange, I would be all over that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

Yeah. Well, so you're probably not gonna get a pro model. Right? So I would imagine that the colors that exist today will will be available to you, including

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

lilac,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

which is my favorite color. Right. But And also not a official Apple color name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

No. It's not. But it's it is what it is. You know, I the the darker graphite is interesting to me because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

they they have gotten darker with time. Yeah. How many different graphite colors have we had?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

Oh, way too many. But there, like, there there was a at one point, graphite was like ash gray. Right. You know? And and that didn't that didn't look good in my opinion, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

alright. That's the stuff that, honestly, I don't care about, because I I like this form factor. If they make it a little thicker, make it smoother,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

I'm good to go. And you like that it doesn't slip out of your hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

Yeah. I like that it doesn't slip out my hand. But button placement, even not a big Here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

what I do care about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

They're going to or this is the rumor, bring the ProMotion display with a refresh rate up to a 120 hertz Nice. To the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

Now, you remember, this is what destroyed me on the iPad. Yep. Right? This is why I had to stick with Pro, because I I genuinely think that once you go ProMotion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

it is very difficult to go back. Like, it is so buttery smooth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

it your eye notices it after it's seen it. So I'm excited about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

They're talking about, like, some low power LTPO

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

backplane stuff for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

As long as it just works, I'm happy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

One of the, I think, most interesting rumors is there's an always on display rumor floating around. And so the the premise here is that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

similar to the Apple Watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

you will be able to have certain things on the screen all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

I think that could be cool for like a clock,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

you know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

Maybe the weather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

don't know that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

I don't know that I actually want it on all the time. Right. You know? I don't think I would like that either. Notifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

being always visible makes me nervous. Right. I feel like that could get more in my face.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

another interesting rumor, John, I know you're out in Iowa in the middle of nowhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

Low Earth orbit satellite communications might be possible

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

using the new iPhone 13. We have discussed that I am not in the middle of nowhere because I have, what, three McDonald's within five miles?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

This is technically true. And yet at the same time, it's still Iowa. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

yeah. I think, you know, the rest of the stuff, the camera's gonna get better. You know, that improved face ID

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

and, like I said, probably a bigger battery. Yep. So I I think all in all, if if they don't have promotion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

you're gonna hear it first right here on the podcast. If they don't have promotion on this, I will probably not get it. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:12]

And you're on, like, the upgrade every year plan, aren't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

No. I was. I'm not anymore. I what I do is just I I do the trade in, and so but I've been paying for it in full.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:23]

I could I could go back. I don't know, John. Like, it's not What's gonna happen is I'm gonna get this, and then you're gonna get jealous and buy one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

It wouldn't be jealous. You it would it would be you telling me, like, this is so cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

You really need this. And you would say that a thousand times. Oh, Stan, you really need this. You really need this. And then suddenly, would cave. Yeah. But I you know, the always on display might push me in that direction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

just because I'd wanna experiment with it. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:51]

don't think I would like that. Promotion would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

I'm I'm suspicious, but, you know, I've been suspicious in the past with Apple stuff, and then invariably, love it. So what what can I say? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

We'll call that AirPod Max syndrome. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

the the thing is, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

am looking like, me me personally, I am looking for a serious bump in the behavior of the device. Now, I have talked quite a bit at length about my frustration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

with the battery life on this particular device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

I I really I was trying to think exactly when things went

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

south on me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

And it it probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

was it the last major release where it really went downhill? So we're in '14 seven. Was fourteen six any good? Maybe it was fourteen six where things took a a turn for the worst for me, and my battery life has struggled ever since. And so I used to when I first got this phone, I would go to bed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

with, you know, like, 30 to 40% charge left. And as I'm sitting here talking to you at 08:16PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

my battery's at 22%. So in 2% here, I'm gonna get prompted for low power mode, which is absolutely annoying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

And I I really don't know what to make of this, to be honest with you. I I've tried removing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

some apps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

I did have some good or some luck with that. The the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

biggest offender being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

that stupid water bottle that we got. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

As soon as I dropped that app, I I came back quite a bit of battery juice. And your daughter stalking you on FaceTime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

Or not FaceTime. Find my. Find find my. Find my. Yeah. Yeah. Kids, if you're listening, please stop watching daddy on Find My. I'm in the house with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

The other thing was signal. Signal was not great. It was chewing up a bunch of battery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

So, you know, I I I've ejected up a few of these apps, but it it's it's, I think, hard. I think some of these things are also widgets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

So I've been turning off widgets too Oh, no. Trying to find out, like, exactly what bothers me. Like, what's what's eating away at the battery life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

And I've made small improvements, but nothing significant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

So it it kinda bums me out, though. I really want all day battery life, and I feel like I had it and I didn't. So that that might be the other thing that would cause me to cave, is if this thing does in fact have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

a battery that is significantly bigger. And the the rumors right now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

so this is for the the Pro, which is what I would probably get. It had a 3,095

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

milliamp hour battery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

and the twelve and twelve Pro had a twenty fifteen milliamp hour battery. So, you know, about about 280

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

milliamps there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

That that's that's a big deal. Like that's a significant chunk. That's what almost a 10% gain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

So that that might that might push me there. We'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

Battery is I came dangerously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

close to buying the battery pack for this this iPhone and I've never done that, but I came really close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

If I wind up getting to that point, it's gonna be a sad day. It's gonna be a real sad day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

I don't know. I think that we're just gonna keep using our phone more and more. So apparently Well, that's the that's the thing though. My screen time's down across the board.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

That's what's so frustrating. Like, I've gotten to the point where and then here. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

08:16,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

got 22%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

Any bets as to what my screen time for the day is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

I don't know. Hour and a half.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

Yeah. Yeah. Actually, hour thirty nine minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

Nice. An hour thirty nine minutes. So if my device is at 22% and I've only used it for an hour and thirty nine minutes, and I did have a phone call in there. Yeah. Right? And I know that that that antenna uses up a lot of juice. What's going on? Yeah. You know? Why why am why am I in this situation? Something seems wrong. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:37]

So is your most used app messages or something then?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

Normally messages is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

today apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

you and and Mark didn't message me at all. So Twitter with a whopping fourteen minutes is my most used app with the Kindle app at twelve minutes right behind it. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

So the thing about the Kindle app too is I always use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

a black background on that. Right. And so with the OLED, all those pixels are turned off. Yeah. There's something You know? Something not right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

Yeah. I know. Right? That's what I'm talking about. So I don't know I don't know if I need to, like, wipe the device and start over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

I I'm I'm not sure what. I'm just but I'm definitely frustrated. My wife, who has much more screen time than I do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

probably still has 70% charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

the app that I use to track my food, love.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

I did notice I had the widget on my watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

for a while, and that would chew up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

my battery on my watch crazy. So I thought maybe the the widgets were part of the problem on my my phone so I got rid of those. But no, still still problems. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

Guess it's just time for a new phone, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:49]

Maybe. But am I gonna wind up right back where I started, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

Yeah. That's what I'm afraid of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

Anyhow, did you catch the Spider Man trailer? I did. There was lots and lots of stuff in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

There was. This is a teaser trailer. Right. Right? And so what's in this is not even necessarily gonna make the movie. That's why have to remind myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

It's also so scatterbrained

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

that I don't know what to make out of out of what's going on there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

what do think, John? Why why don't you give you can you do the rundown of what happens in the trailer? Probably not chronologically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:24]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:26]

yeah, I like the trailer overall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

Like, I've really liked the set of Spider Man movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:33]

I think that Tom Holland makes a great Spider Man,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:36]

less so Peter Parker, but great Spider Man. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

it kinda picks up where the last one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:44]

left off far from home

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

Spider Man's identity is revealed. Everybody knows that as Peter Parker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

So he's trying to deal with all of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:54]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

yeah. So then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

I don't know. Where does it go from there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

Like, he goes to see doctor Strange. Right? Because basically what's happened is his life just stinks because everybody knows who he is. So he goes to doctor strange All kinds of attention. So that doctor strange can be a wizard and make everybody forget.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Yeah. And then we get this scene where I guess strange

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

is going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

go with it. Right? And and do something to fix this. And while he's conjuring up a spell,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

Peter starts talking because that's what Peter does. Next thing you know, the spell has been altered. I I don't totally understand how Peter just talking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

can alter the spell. Well, he threw off the concentration and like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:38]

what's his name? Who's doctor Strange's sidekick?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:42]

Wong. Wong. So Wong like warns him don't don't do this and this is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:47]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

classic doctor strange where he goes into restricted sections and reads books and those things he shouldn't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

So he's like, I could do this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

Yeah. Although his I don't know. There's something about the cavalierness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

with which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

he approaches this, at least in the trailer. Right? I mean, who knows what the movie's like? But in the trailer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

that does not seem to jive with the doctor strange that we saw in infinity wars and endgame. Yeah. I think that's probably true, but it definitely jives with doctor Stephen Strange,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

the neurosurgeon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

And what's interesting is he's wearing the cape with a hoodie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

that like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

so there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

I don't know if he's depressed or what the deal is. Haven't fixed the roof. The sanctum.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

there's a there's a whole thing going on. The thing with the sanctum too is if they did not fix the roof,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

this this resonated for me the other day. If they didn't fix the roof,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

it's not like it was just since

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

the last movie, Endgame. At least five years have spanned. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

Nobody touched that roof in five years. We see it with a whole bunch of snow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

but like everything's gotta be ruined in there at this point. Right? Maybe. There's lots of magical objects in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

Lots of magical objects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

So apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

this this spell messes everything up. Next thing you know, we get the multiverse or the multiverse has been unleashed. It's not totally clear. Yeah. We know the multiverse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

exists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

Right? Like, we've had it's been teased.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

In all things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

Yeah. You know, I mean, Loki. Right? Like, we know the multiverse is a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

And so I am not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

totally sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

what we should be expecting, but then we start seeing bad guys or illusions to bad guys. Right? We hear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

the voice of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

Green Goblin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

Green Goblin. Man, as as one of Green Goblin's bombs rolls We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

actually see Doc Odd. Yep. It seems like both of these characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

the versions or the I mean, this is the impression I got from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

previous Spider Man movies. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

Which which again plays into this multiverse thing. So I, you know, I think a lot of the fan theories that we've heard kinda floating around, they seem to maybe be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

at least hinted at in this trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

I I agree with you though. I I liked what I saw. I'm I'm increasingly interested in this movie. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:13]

Other things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

other rumors,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

Peter sitting at a table at in a court hearing room or something like that, and there is a white shirt that slams a bunch of files down on the table. I believe our friend Patrick Sturtevant said that's rumored to be the one and only Matt Murdock.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:32]

I hope it is. How awesome would that be? It would be very very awesome Matt Murdock. If it's the Netflix Matt Murdock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Yeah. Which, you know, I think now you think of Matt Murdock and that's who you think of. Right? Like, I think he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

just just kinda like some of these other characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

or actors have assumed their characters' identities to the point that now we only think of them in that way. For me, that's Matt Murdock. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

Yeah. At some point, it looks like maybe Peter Parker gets arrested right after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

Mysterio dies Okay. Which which is interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

I am really curious to see if we get any Samuel L. Jackson in this. I am really curious to see if we get any of the remnants of S. L. D.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

Or even any of the other Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

from Endgame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

engaging in any way. Right. Right? Because Peter Peter has allies, you know? And so So Happy doesn't appear in the trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

Okay. Oh, does he? Well, Happy's Happy's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

all into his mom. So, of course, Happy's Right? Gonna be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

But but I'm thinking more like, where's So like where's Anthony Mackie, you know? Nick Nick Fury is still on a spaceship somewhere, isn't he?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

I don't know. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

I we don't know what he's about to he was present at Iron Man's funeral. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

That wasn't that long ago as far as we know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

So Interesting. But I but I think you're you're you're kinda pointing to the way that No Way Home ends. Not No Way Home. Far from home. No Way Home is the current one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

And and yeah. You know, maybe he's maybe he's on the ship. You know what'd be kinda cool, I think, is if Captain Marvel showed up. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

Because think about the way when when they interact in Endgame,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

you know. Hello, Peter Parker. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

So I think that could be fun. I'm just very happy that there this movie exists because there was a time where it wasn't looking real likely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

No. Now, rumor is that this is the fulfillment of Tom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

Holland's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

I was gonna say Hardy. That's different Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

Tom Holland's contract. So between this and then the appearance that he makes in Doctor Strange, which is a little alarming to me because I would like to get, you know, 10 or 12 more movies out of Tom Holland as Spider Man. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

Are there is there an Avengers movie coming up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

in the next phase? No. As far as I mean, there will be eventually. Right? But I I I have to remind myself, phase one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

of the MCU that we love. Right? It took a long time to get to Avengers one. Right. You know? Yeah. I'm just trying to think what does Avengers look with no Spider Man, no Iron Man, a new Captain America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

Well I don't know. Maybe for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

Chris Hemsworth is busy with his his workout app. Now, you know, I think you bring up a fair point, like, does this look like? They've gotta be able to introduce all these characters in a way that we fall in love with them so that we are excited when they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

reunite,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

you know, or when they get together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

I'm I'm a little worried about that in part because I look at, like, Falcon and the Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

which honestly didn't leave Mackie in good footing to be the leader of Right. This new group. Right? Like Captain America was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

I think they have to really do something fantastic with Ironheart

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

and She Hulk in order to, like, establish those characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

and and and bring them into the fold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

You know, beyond that, like, does Captain Marvel does she go on for another movie or two? Like, she could be the linchpin to hold it all together? Except, you know, Brie Larson Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

I I love that character, but Brie Larson's just not the greatest actress. No. Right? Like, that just not not really good doing it for me in that that role.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

So I I don't know. I don't know what happens. So we got the quantum mania element too, so we'll we'll keep those those two around for a bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

I feel like there is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

a significant gap

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

with that Iron Man role. Oh, absolutely. Maybe that could be Ironheart, like, they're similar. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

But but who is the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

who's the, you know, super rich playboy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

if you will, to to fill that role and be the superhero there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

we'll see. I'm sure they've got somebody they can pull from. Honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

they could throw us all for a loop and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

build everything around the X Men or build everything around Fantastic Four, you know, which which is a whole catalog of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

content that they've not even begun to touch. Yep. And it will be interesting because I would say that both of these those things are probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

a little overdone in my lifetime,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

it's never been done with this Marvel writers group.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

Yeah. It's I I wouldn't say they're overdone in the same way. Right? Like, x men

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

had what I think was largely a really good run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

even with the first class,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

group. Yeah. Right? Up until up until I just went too long. Or whatever. Really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

But Logan was a great ending, I think, to the original cast. Which I have also not seen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

Oh, it's such a It's an HBO. It's it's very different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

I don't know. That's a good Disney. Probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

not. That's rated r. That's not gonna be no. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

Actually, I bet Disney owns the rights to it, but it's it's rated r, so it's not gonna be on Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

the thing with Fantastic Four, right, is they just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

they had Two. Three bad movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Yeah. And there is two casts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

neither of which I think was particularly good. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

you know and you're not gonna multiverse any of those castings in because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

you know, you've had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

our previous Captain America was was in Fantastic Four the first round, and then Michael b Jordan from Black Panther was in the second. Right. So I I don't know. I I don't think you I don't think you blip them back into That's back when superhero

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

movies weren't cool or just for us nerds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

Well, yeah. Not not as not as mainstream. The the other thing that I think will be interesting is if this Eternals movie they're making becomes more than a one off. I look at the casting of it and I think that's gotta be pretty expensive to be able to do multiples of those, but that's another angle that they could bring in that would be interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

Again, it's it's probably not the Avengers in the way we think of the Avengers Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

But I think it'll fly. So we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

Anyhow, that's that's enough Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

You wanna hear something crazy, John? What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

I went back to school this week. Oh, yeah?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:17]

Yeah. What grade? Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

I never I never did twelfth grade, so maybe it's that one. No. I'm I'm going back to university

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

as as our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

You only did three years there too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

Yeah. So I got some time to make up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Now I went back to school. I I took an accounting I'm taking an accounting class Nice. Accounting analysis at the University of Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

And John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

I think I might have been one of the oldest people in the room. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:47]

Yeah. There wasn't a no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

No. Not not for this. You're like, yeah, I don't I mean, I I wanted to be in person. I think I've got no reason to leave the house other than this one class. So this was good for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

But, yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

I I think I might have been one of the oldest people in the room on the student side. Like, I'm sure the professor's older than me. Hopefully. Which felt a little weird. Lots

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

lots of jocks in my class. Speaking accounting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Yeah. Well, here's here's what I think's happening. Almost all of them during introductions mentioned that they had graduated last May. So I guess they must get, like, another year of NCAA eligibility to play or something. Uh-huh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

And thus, there's a bunch of football players who are in a one year MBA program

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

to continue on. Probably So fully scholarshipized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

I who know? I don't know, man. I don't know how any of that works. All I I showed up to learn about accounting, and I I learned something. It was a nursing. I enjoyed it. But So this is an MBA program. Do you have an emphasis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:49]

like management or I mean finance or Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

so you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

you don't have to declare that right up front. K. Although, I guess people do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

I am really interested in the finance side of it. So but I have to get a certain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

GPA

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

in some of the intro courses in order to be able to do the the finance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

focus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

So we'll see if I can sling it. Fair enough. I don't know. And then you can pick an accounting firm and hire me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

Well, I'm not gonna be an accountant, John. It's just an MBA. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

You don't have to be a CPA. You can be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:27]

you can, like, run people's bookkeeping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

There we go. It remains to be seen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

if, one, they'll keep me. Right? Because I'm I'm on probation for nine credit hours. I gotta prove my medal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:40]

That's interesting. And then after With your track record? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:43]

I guess your your bachelor's degree is in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

biblical languages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

theological languages. Yeah. Theology and biblical languages. Yeah. So it's a little different, like, you know. And I it was interesting too sitting there in class and and reflecting on the fact that my high school and college career was largely defined by racing to get out of that situation. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

And so here I am fifteen years later,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

willingly subjecting myself to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

additional education and and paying for it with my own money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

and not really being anxious to wrap up. Salesforce doesn't pay for this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

I I'm sure there's a tuition reimbursement thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

that I can apply for after I've completed a credit with the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

proper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

amount or, like, proper grade level. I'm I like, that's a that's a thing. A lot a lot of companies have that. I I don't know that it's, a ton of money because I think there's limitations on what they can do. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

So I'm not banking on that. Like, that if it is available, I'll take advantage of it. But, yeah, I I mean, I went into this with the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

you know, plausibility that maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

maybe it'll be my dime. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:52]

So you're in accounting. Is that the only class? Do you, like, take six weeks of a class and then change or is it or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

No. I'll take this until December. So actually, I guess a lot of students take two classes at a time in the evening program.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

But the class is, like, three hours long, you know? And then there's homework on top of that, and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

I haven't been in school, maybe I mentioned this, I haven't been in school in fifteen years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

I I wanted to ease in a little slow here and and if I can maintain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

my sanity on one credit hour, that that'll be that'll be not right, one credit, one class, it's a three credit hour class. If I can maintain my sanity on one class, I'll I'll be So how long is this supposed to take you to get through this program?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

Well, so if you take it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

all three terms because it it'll go year round, you take two classes each term, you can be done in two years. So I don't know. I don't know how long I'll be doing this. Alright. My guess is, you heard it here first,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

at some point No. No. Don't say at some point, you are going to get sick of how long this is taking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

and you're gonna finish before everybody else who you started with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

No. I don't I don't I don't think that's even don't think three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

that's that's Stan Lemmon got old, John. Old. Has a had to put his, yeah, that Stan Lemon had to put glasses on to get through class the other night because he couldn't see the board.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:19]

You had your iPad. Right? Yeah. Don't they send you all the beforehand?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

Oh, actually, here's here's an interesting thing. So I bought that iPad. Right? And I was I was specifically thinking, like, this would be great for school. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

I took it to my orientation, and, you know, you gotta be messed up on campus. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

I got the one with face ID, John. Oh, yeah. I got the iPad with face ID.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

So that's completely frustrating because unlike my phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

right, it doesn't, like, talk to my watch to unlock it for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

And so I, you know, if every time I I turn the power back on, I gotta, like, punch the passcode in, That's just not gonna fly. So I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

I actually took my laptop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

and because it's got Touch ID and used that to take notes. Yeah. So Interesting. I don't I don't know that that's a long term solution because I really would like to use the Apple Pencil that I bought,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

I just can't fathom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

being that frustrated every time I gotta unlock to take a note. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

I don't know. Maybe I need to go buy another iPad. Maybe. Or trade this one in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

Yeah. But then we go back to the promotion discussion we had earlier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

Fair enough. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:26]

Is it? I'm sure one of your kids needs an upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

Probably. Probably. But what would you think about a second iPad just for the three hours that I'm in class

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

and then I use the other iPad for the rest of the time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

Seems

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:40]

a little ridiculous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

Yeah. Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

was kinda leaning that way too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:47]

Does missus Lemon have an iPad?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

Everybody in the Lemon household has an iPad. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:54]

So Except Dax. Poor Dax. Except

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Dax.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

Oh, maybe that's the idea. John, that's brilliant. I'll get an iPad for the dog and I'll just borrow it for three hours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:04]

Oh, there's gotta be. Right? If there's not, we need to make one. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

It'd be so cool if you could do Siri for dogs, like, you know, two barks, it unlocks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

Three barks, it opens up your email, that kind of thing. So you just gotta work on translate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

I know. Now you're just doing the kills.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:22]

Yep. I think we've gone too long, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

Yep. That's, that's our cue to call it a night. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

or today, whenever you listen to this to your listener. Morning Noon. It's all over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

This is Stan Lemmon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go get a vaccine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

Hey.

