---
title: Life Updates
episode: 63
date: '2019-09-19T13:51:54.000Z'
slug: life-updates/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  This conversation revolves around personal productivity and task management,
  focusing on how two individuals prioritize their work and tackle tasks
  differently. The discussion highlights the importance of honesty with oneself
  regarding priorities, using a to-do list as a tool for organization, and
  acknowledging that multiple high-priority tasks can't be simultaneously
  addressed.
keywords:
  - |-
    - Task Management
    - Prioritization
    - Productivity
    - To-Do Lists
    - Inbox Zero
    - Work-Life Balance
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Drums, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:14]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

Hey, John. Hey, John. Hello, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

How you've been doing, man?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

I've been doing alright. Yeah. You don't return my phone calls, so like we literally haven't talked since last time we recorded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

Or I don't think that's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

No. Probably not. Furthermore, I just wanna point out that you call it the most inopportune times, like when I'm eating or working,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

things of this sort.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

I called early today. You're always yelling at me for leaving work too late. So I called you because I was going home early, man. You gotta find balance, John. You gotta find balance. Balance. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

So you don't care about this at all, but my, my quarterback is out for the season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

Oh, yeah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

Is that Brett Favre? No. It's not. Are you kidding me? Please tell me that was a joke.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

It was. I know that the packers quarterback is now Aaron Rodgers. Okay. It's it's been Aaron Rodgers for a while, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:29]

Yes. It has.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

So my, my guy, it's it's probably Tommy John's. It's his elbow that's all jacked up. Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

Not good for when you get paid to throw the ball. No. And it's his throwing arm too. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

Yeah. We'll see, you know, when he gets back, if he gets back. He's definitely out this season, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

we've lost both games to start,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

and, it's just not looking good, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

And I Yeah. I haven't had a whole season without Big Ben before. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:00]

yeah. So now Antonio Brown is not a current stealer. Correct? No. Thanks be to God.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

He he's been getting a lot of news covered recently for acting like a kindergartner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

but that's probably insulting the kindergartners around. Yeah. You know, he might he might be the smartest man in the NFL, though. I want you to think about this. Like, I I agree with you. His behavior is completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

absurd and immature and just ridiculous. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

when he asked for a trade from the Steelers, which in and of itself was just childish, right, because he was definitely well paid and was playing with an elite quarterback.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

He, was told anybody but the Patriots.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

So he managed to get traded to the Raiders,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

get more money,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

and then still wind up at the Patriots in a roundabout way. Like, he got what he set out to get.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

I I don't know. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

Damn. He's either incredibly lucky or really, really smart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

And has a bunch of bad press now. Yeah. He does. But I tell you what, at least in Boston,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

if he plays at the caliber that he has historically played at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

all of that is just gonna disappear. It's gonna fade away. The only people that like the Boston teams live in Boston. Everybody else hates them, so nothing's gonna change on that front.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

Alright. Is that all the football talk we have? I could go on, but I I don't think you want me to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

I don't have anything to add to this conversation. Apparently, there was a big college football game in Iowa, like, was ESPN game day or something, so that was fun. Yeah. You don't ever tune that then, do you? Like, it up the watch now. I I do know enough to know that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

it got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

delayed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

because of storms in the area for, like, two hours

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

and that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

hawkeyes of the University of Iowa in Iowa City

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

defeated the cyclones of Ames, Iowa State University,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

by one point. Okay. Well, that's good. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

really could care less about Iowa Iowa College football.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:06]

Me too. But, you know, I go to church on the University of Iowa's campus, and that probably explains why a lot of the college students were non church on Sunday. If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

you insist, John. If you insist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

Alright. So you didn't really add anything to our list of talking points, and I was looking like an hour and a half ago and, hey, we don't have anything on the list to talk about. So we could have just,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:32]

gone off the cuff and talked about whatever, but then we probably talked about football the whole time. So I added a bunch of things that we should be able to get through fairly quickly. Okay, John. Let's let's do a bonus round. And I I do have some things we could talk about. I just didn't write them down in time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

First, ecobee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

our loyal listeners, aka not Elizabeth Doc, my sister,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

may remember that I bought and installed an ecobee a couple months ago now, and it was a great purchase, Stan. Yeah. Tell me more, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

So it's been unseasonably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

warm. It's been getting up to 85 here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

outside, so my air conditioning is back on. It was off for a couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

when there's nobody in the house, there's no reason to cool the house. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

now it automatically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

goes up to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

I don't know, something high, 80 something degrees when I'm not here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

And then it automatically knows when I'm home. So I I have to ask, have you noticed any change in your bill?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

So here's the problem is I don't have enough historical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:41]

data

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

to be able to tell you that for sure. Okay. So, namely, like, you haven't had two months that look alike. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

Right. Because, I mean, it's all based on temperature and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

like, this is my first season here in the house. I'll have a better idea on the heating side of things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

since I moved here in November and have the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

heating bills from last year. Okay. So Well, it'd be interesting to see what you, what you find out. I know as far as my situation went,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

definitely fared

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

I think we fared better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

having the knowledge of the Echobee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

I I don't know. So our situation is a little different. Right? Because somebody's home all the time. So I I don't really benefit from the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

you know, kinda, like, making it warmer in the summer or cooler in the winter deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

I do adjust I've got multiple zones, so I do kinda like or used to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

warm up the upstairs and whatnot, but now the kids are doing school up there, so that doesn't make as much sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Got it. But I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

like, when we do actually leave the house, so, like, like, church. Right? Sunday morning. That's a time when it does kinda, like, chill out. That has been nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

I just generally like the nerd data that I get from it. You know? I'm I'm I dig that. Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

have you got yours paired up to any smart device at this point?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

Yeah. I have paired up to my Alexa system. Okay. And how's that working out for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

I love it, man. I turned on the AC with my voice the other day. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

And I like asking what the temperature is. Like, if I'm laying in bed, I'm like, hey. It feels warm in here. Is it just me, or is it actually warm in here? And then I can adjust the temperature from bed without having to get up. So so tell tell me a little bit more about that because I have not done this. Right? I I Yeah. I don't know. I had it paired up to HomeKit for a while, but I didn't I wasn't I don't know. I just didn't really find benefit for that. That I will say two part of that is I don't just manually change mine very often.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

Right. So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

Yeah. So mostly, it's me asking what the temperature is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

and then if it, like, feels warm at night because I have it go up a little bit at night automatically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

But, yeah, it's just set the AC to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

74 degrees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

So you say, like yep. Alright. Let me let me back. Have you set a you set a schedule. Right? Or are you just doing Correct. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

how do you not know what temperature it is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

So it depends on when the schedule flips over. I don't have the schedule memorized.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

so I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:29]

a sensor in the bedroom,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

and then the thermostat on the wall in the hallway is another sensor. I haven't didn't buy any additional ones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

my AC

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

my whole HVAC system

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

doesn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

isn't consistent through the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

at some point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

it switches over to only the bedroom mattering,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

like, when I know I'll be asleep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

Okay. Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:59]

Fair enough, John. Or, like, if the AC isn't running, you can ask, what's the temperature in here? And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

maybe I should close the windows and turn on the air. Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

I also have liked the automated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

reminders to replace furnace filter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

Don't have to worry about it because it just pops up. Now, interestingly, those are just scheduled. They're not actually, like, reading any kind of sensor data or anything like that. Yeah. Not in my system. There are smart systems that it would tell you Yeah. Based on those systems. I'm I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't even use that on my ecobee. I actually just have that as a calendar event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

Yeah. So I don't know. Teach his own.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

So that's the update on my technology. Speaking of technology, did you make any purchases since that Apple event we talked about? I did. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

where to begin?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

First and foremost, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

went ahead and I bought myself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

a Apple Watch, which I think I I thought I had ordered that by the time we recorded, but maybe not. I did get that ordered. I went ahead and I ordered a couple of those clear iPhone 11 Pro cases that we talked about briefly Nice. So that I could order my iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

11 Pro as well as my wife's. And I will tell you, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

the Apple App Store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

there's a lot of apps in there. The Apple App Store app is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

by far the best way to preorder a device in that kind of situation. It just works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

It's fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

I was able to get preapproved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

on my iPhone upgrade program renewal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

I was able to select my trade in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

and it knew which device because I was on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

And, I mean, it was, like, two clicks and I was done. And the fact that I could do it at 8AM was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

So I actually woke up. Yeah. I got the meat smoker going so I could smoke some pork. This is on Friday. And then I sat with my wife and a cup of coffee, and we both waited sitting there refreshing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

until it was game time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:06]

your wife was a big fan of the SE form factor, wasn't she? Way back in the day? Back in the day. I think that ship has sailed though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

Yeah. So she on a 10 now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

Yes. She's been on a 10 s as long as I've had a 10 s. So k. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

It. I'm still on the eight. I haven't moved over to the face ID thing. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

I But my phone's still working, so I don't foresee me changing. I love my face ID, my or touch no. Is is that what it's called? Face ID? Yeah. I guess you're right. I think it's face ID. It just sounds weird when we say it. So I'm a big fan of that. I am, in general, just a big fan of the device as a whole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

I, I really have no complaints. And I think I think she would say she's in the same boat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

Nice. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

Did did you order anything, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

No. Of course, you didn't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:56]

I didn't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

I offered to get my wife a new iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

She didn't want one, though. Really? Why didn't she want one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

I don't know, man. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

Well, teach his own.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

that's kind of the tech things that I have. Did you have anything else techie related to talk about today? No. I mean, we clearly upset Liz again, so we should probably just steer clear. Too much Apple stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:24]

something that is sure to peak Liz's interest is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

the valuable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

grill lesson that I learned. Okay. Do tell. Well, first of what were you grilling?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

I was grilling burgers. Okay. Simple burgers, salt, pepper, garlic butter. Were they preformed, or did you start with a pound of ground chuck and split it up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

These were preformed because that's what my wife bought Okay. And I threw them on the grill. Frozen? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Sit from the meat counter. Okay. You didn't freeze them before you threw them on the grill?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

No. Interesting. They were bought yesterday. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:02]

yeah, so I figure, six

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:04]

minutes, maybe eight minutes tops,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:06]

crank up my grill. What temperature are we talking I'm halfway through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

So we'd be talking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

four fifty and five fifty probably. Okay. That's a good temperature. Normally. Normally. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:20]

Is this is this the valuable grill lesson we're about to learn? The the valuable grill lesson that I learned is that you should probably clean your grill occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

especially coming up on a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

So I had We we hold it. Pretty awesome. Clean which part of the grill, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

The bottom of the grill. Alright. Alright. I was just saying, I was expecting to say something like you never clean the grates, like you never scrape them off in between meals, and I was gonna get a little nauseated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

preheat my grill and clean the grates every single time. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

I'm, what, maybe five minutes in. Grill's really smoking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

See some flames coming out from underneath.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

entire

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

bottom part of the of the grill

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

was ablaze.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:11]

so you Temperature was somewhere near 900.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

Woah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

Had you let the whole bottom tray, is that what you had done?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

I had not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

but it was definitely close. Okay. So what did you do in that moment of panic?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

I didn't panic. Okay. It's the first rule of fire, Stan. Never panic. Okay, John. What did you do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:39]

turned off all the burners,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

turned off the gas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

and I left the grill top open so it would burn off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

I also moved the meat. What'd you what'd you do with the gas tank, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

I shut it off. Okay. But did you, like, disconnect it or remove it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:55]

I did not. Okay. I wasn't that concerned. Okay. I mean, it was still fairly far away.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

Like, if the gas tank was a concern at that point, then I'd be more concerned about my house probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

you know, it's sitting on my deck and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

Good times. So the bottom line is you need to pull that tray out Clean your grill. And at the very least, scrape it out. Scrape it down? Yeah. If you got a power washer, that can also be really good. Do have a power washer, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

I do not. Of course, you don't. I should get one. The power washer would be fun. Power washer is a ton of fun. I will tell you, do yourself a solid and get a gas powered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

not an electric

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

power washer. Yeah. Yeah. The the electric ones are kinda comical if you ask me. You're all about gas powered things? Well You even got a gas powered trimmer. Yeah. I I did. Oh, it's so nice too. No. I like, here's the thing. Right? I'm not I'm not all big on Not trimmer. Burning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

dinosaurs and whatnot, but I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

for the most part, not having to deal with cord is nice, and you just get more power

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

out of a gas powered device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

And so in the case of a power washer, right, like, you want I'm just thinking about my house, which, you know, you've got a two story house too. You wanna be able to spray the siding at the top of your roofline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

And realistically, you need a little bit of oomph to do that. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

Got it. Would would you get a electric snowblower,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

Probably not. Yeah. Exactly. Not in Iowa for sure. See, sometimes you just need a little bit of a little bit of giddy up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

I'm actually kind of surprised that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

I haven't gone through a ton of gas. I mean, my yard isn't huge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

like, I think I filled up the gas tank once this year. It's two gallon or something like that. Do you, use fuel stabilizer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

at all? I do not. If you Am I supposed to? No. I don't know. Like, there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

there's different perspectives on this. I just if you're not going through a lot and if you let it sit a while, it might not be the worst thing to put some fuel stabilizer in it. But For a while or for a season?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

I mean, I I don't know. Like, if if you've only filled it up once the whole time you've been mowing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

I mean, that gas has been sloshing around in there a bit. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

True. I need a new gas tank anyway. I'm not a big fan of what I have. Do you have a plastic or metal one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

Plastic. Oh, yeah. So pro tip here, you want the metal gas tank. Yeah. All the rumors that you've heard about, like, them causing sparks and stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

those, those don't happen to real people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:36]

Alright

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

then. So You heard it from Stan Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Here here's the thing. And I and I'm I'm dead serious. Like, I've gone through a number of the plastic ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

They are just absolutely frustrating all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

They,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

you know, contort into weird shapes. The,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

nozzles tend to, like, drip all over creation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

They're they're just they're just not good. And so what I recommend is get a Just Right

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

galvanized steel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

safety can with one of their AccuFlows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

on the the front. It's got this awesome, like, hand lever you just pull, the nozzle is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

metal, and it twists around. And it's it's just it's a great gas can. It takes all the frustration out of it. I have one, and I have I've never been happier pouring gasoline as I have with the chest right. So have you seen, like, this new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

I guess it's new. It's newer than the last I had to purchase a gas can, but they basically have to, like, pour the gas in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

and then it, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

pushes down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

so that the gas comes out of the nozzle. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

stupid,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

and it's probably supposed to be a safety feature, but it drives me nuts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

and I can't figure out how to make it work without spilling. Okay. Let me let me ask you this. Do you think your grandpa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

had a plastic gasoline can?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

Probably not. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Did did grandpa blow himself up? No. Did grandpa spill gasoline all over creation? Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

All I'm gonna say is the galvanized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

steel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

gas can worked just fine for grandpa, and it's gonna work just fine for you too, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

Can you send me an Amazon link? I will send you an Amazon link. You're not gonna like the price of these, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

if you only bought one since you've been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

mowing. I'm try well, no. So I I started off with the I think I went through two or three plastic ones, to be honest with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

And and I just like, I think what drove me nuts is they leak all over the place all the time. Now I will tell you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

make sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

that yours comes with the flexible spout.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

Alright. When

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

I opened mine, it did not have a flexible spout. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

there's a link for you, though. I got the, what's the seven two five zero one two zero AccuFlow five gallon. You may not need a five gallon, but I definitely recommend a five gallon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

Cool. Yeah. It looks cool. It's I tell you, man, it just works. Like, gasoline doesn't get everywhere, and that that was why I wanted it. I it always it always boggled my mind a little. Right? Like, they tell you get the plastic ones so that, you know, you don't cause any sparks, something blows up. But then meanwhile, like, you're pouring gasoline with the plastic one. Yeah. I got gasoline, like, all of my hands, my arms, the mower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

You know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

Who cares Yeah. Who cares about spark, somebody smoke and walk by, I'm gonna like blow up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

Reading update. What are you reading, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

I'm reading a couple of things. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

at the moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

the the book that I last had opened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

Star Trek Enterprise The Romulan War,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

which it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

I might have that. Really? It's. Is that new, or is it It's it's neither. It's, I'd say, like, mid tier. So it was it was created after enterprises came out, obviously, but it's not it's not recent. And it it's it's alright. Like, you know, there there's some parts that are a little bit of a, I don't know, just, like, unnecessary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

and not well written.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

But, I think you get that with with, you know, sci fi fan novels more often than not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

Right. I'm also, concurrently, I this is this is a bit of an odd time for me, John. I have a number of books in the hopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

I have, The Design of Everyday Things by Don Norman,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

which is kinda like a UX user experience type book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

Yeah. It's okay. Like, there's some good stuff in it, but it's it's a little stiff to read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

And then the book that I am, enjoying the most is actually called Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

the what's the subtitle here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

oh, that's not the right title. It's like The Greatest Disaster at Sea or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

True Story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

the True Story of the Worst Sea Disaster in US Naval History and the Fifty Year Fight to Exonerate an Innocent Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

the USS Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

was the the flagship in the Pacific Theater.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

During the Manhattan Project, it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

charged with taking uranium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

what's it called? San Francisco all the way over to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

I can't it was a set of islands. I can't remember the name now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

It did that, and then it went off to go on a training mission in The Philippines. And along the way, got sunk by a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

Japanese submarine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

And I think I haven't gotten this far, but I think with what they call and like I said, it's right, a kaizen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

torpedo, which is like, we always think of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

kamikazes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

Right? The the planes that that did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

a suicide mission crash into to boats and stuff. Well, there were actually torpedoes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

with the same kind of setup where a guy got into him and steered the torpedo to hit a boat and blow it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

And those those I think they're called kaizen. I think I'm saying it right. Anyhow, I'm pretty sure that's what sinks the Indianapolis. But the thing about the Indianapolis is that when it goes down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

about three hundred sailors die in the ship. Nine hundred survive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

the initial sinking, but only three hundred wind up getting actually saved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

because they wind up at sea for a long time and just this horrible, awful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

tale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

Total total gaffe on the Navy's part in terms of finding them and just just a whole bunch of stuff. So it's just, you know, interesting story, and, I don't know a lot about it. So this book thus far is exceptionally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

well written.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

It's really engaging, and I highly recommend it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

Very good. So are you on hiatus from presidential biographies? I'm I'm taking a break. So my next president to read is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

Rutherford b Hayes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

who, as far as I can tell, was a very boring individual.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

there there just are not a lot of great books on him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

I'm I'm probably gonna wind up defaulting back to I think I told you about this before, the presidents series by Schlesinger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

which is you know, I think they've gotta be under 200 pages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

fairly approachable. Some are good. Some are not so good. I don't know how this will fare, but there there just there aren't a lot of great options. So that's the one I'm gonna give a go. Hayes is the guy that comes after Grant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

And you make your way into the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

era

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

of probably not a lot written about your president? Well, I mean, there's a couple stretches. Right? So there's the stretch before Lincoln

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

that very few people know about, like, between Andrew Jackson and Lincoln.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

I mean, most people can't even name who those guys are. So I I endured that. I definitely cannot. It's it's an interesting it's an interesting stretch of history, though. There's a lot going on, but I think it's actually more interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

in Congress than it is in the the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

White House. And then, again, you know, you've got this period,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

Hayes is gonna be the tail end of Reconstruction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

And then I would say probably leading up to Teddy Roosevelt, things are, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

a little slow. You know? Not a lot of not a lot of guys that come to mind. You think, oh, yeah. He was a great president.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

But some interesting characters too. You know? Like, I I'm I'm pretty fascinated by Coolidge. He's in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

My, my guy, a fellow Hoosier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

Benjamin Harrison is in there. So there's there's some some good guys to, like, learn about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

This is probably one of the things that you do that I will not follow through with because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:39]

I don't care. Presidents

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

in football, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

So I am currently reading rereading really, wizard's first rule by Terry Goodkind. It is the first book in the sword of truth series,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

And I read it initially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

probably sophomore year of high school, so I kinda wanted to see how it age ages.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:01]

I remember liking it a lot back then, but fantasy fluff. There's actually lots of good philosophy built into,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

and you can kinda see how the author's viewpoint changes throughout the nine book initial series. So you say fantasy. Is this like Game of Thrones kind of stuff? Or, like, what I I Yeah. So this is this is like high fantasy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

so more in the lines of Lord of the Rings,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

not as profound as Tolkien was. Okay. Alright. Interesting. So what what is the difference between high fantasy and low fantasy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

So high fantasy is what you think with wizards and mythical creatures and stuff. I mean, low fantasy can be everything from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

vampires

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

and things of that nature. Low fantasy sounds like Or even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

even Star Trek to that extent. No. No. No. No. No. Let's not let's not mix up fantasy and science fiction. No. Thank you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

this is heavy on wizards. There's a couple cool

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

magical beings that Goodkind introduces as well. Okay. Good deal. Good deal. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

not shifting gears too hard here, but you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

did some bicycle work, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:17]

I did. So my brake pads were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

bad. They they were way bad. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

you you'll start damaging your wheels

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

if you, had left those on much longer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:30]

Yeah. I found out that brake pads are very easy to replace.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

I do have,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:37]

what are they called? Just a v

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

Yep. Grip, whatever,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

braking system, so I'm not dealing with disc brakes or anything like that. But these were super easy to switch out, order some on Amazon. I had no idea what kind to buy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

These are not the same as the ones that were on there, so we'll see how they fare. I I would imagine them like probably have a bone trigger brand that was on there originally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

Probably. Yeah. Because that's they they rebrand everything. I I don't know anything about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

branding with brake pads. I haven't so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

the the bicycle I have now has a disc,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

which I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

I get why people like it. I definitely would not recommend it to people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

Just the the maintenance is is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

not pleasant, in my opinion, compared to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

what you're doing, right, with just swapping out brake pads. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

sounds like sounds like you figured it out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:31]

Yep. That went pretty well. I took it out today, and I was able to brake. I even took it through town, so I was able to brake at stop signs or if stupid drivers pulled out in front of me, and things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

Nice. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

ride number one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

I would recommend these brake pads. We'll see how they hold up as we go forward. Alright. Well, there you go. Mean, that's a step.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

big milestone today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

literal milestone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:57]

I crossed 500 miles on the year, which I know for people who bike regularly and didn't take nearly two months off, that's not a lot for a year. Some people do that in a week, but it's about five times as many miles as you have done this year, Stan. Alex.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

So I was just about to say don't sell yourself short, but then you had to be a jerk. So there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

Dude,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

you wanna throw a baseball around or hit hit some balls? You come over here. I'll I'll show you what's up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

no. That's great. 500 miles is a important milestone. What what's your longest ride in that stretch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

Just try a 40. I didn't make it to 40 when I went out. Okay. That's a good 39.7

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

or whatever. It's a good healthy ride, my friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

You've come a come a long way from that time you spilled out in the mud in Columbus, Indiana.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:50]

Thanks to my guide not being a good guide.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

I what did I say? I don't even remember what I told you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:58]

You're drawing you go first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

I think I was trying to be polite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

Through the nice slick mud

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

at the bottom of a hill. I did How would know there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

mud there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

Was your backyard, man? Not really your backyard, but Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

your state. I don't think you can blame me on that one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:22]

Probably not. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

And you can't blame me for crashing. Has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

missus Lemon been out on her bike this year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

It's just with family stuff. So what what tends to happen is we've gone out as a family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:37]

when we we get to go out. So it'd be like a day off or something, and we'll all load up or we'll have a miraculous Saturday where nothing's going on, and we're not completely exhausted from the week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

which, again, you know, happening less and less these days. But it's, you know, it is what it is. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

so so we've both ridden,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

you know, probably probably close to the same, to be honest with you. I probably don't have that many more miles than she does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

I keep saying I'm gonna get my stride back, John, but life's just busy, man. Now's the time, man. Weather is beautiful out there. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

But you got baseball games to attend. Man, boy, do I.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:13]

So I sent you a podcast link.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

Did you listen to it? I listened to part of it. I mean, I don't know. I was I was not super engaged. You should just summarize it for me. That would be easier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:25]

So I wasn't paying a ton of attention either because I had it on while I was working. Good. Then we should talk about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

Was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

part of manliness podcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

basically, to be a time warrior. I can't remember who the guy is, but he's all he's like this productivity

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:42]

coach and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

But, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:46]

his premise was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

whatever you're procrastinating,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:50]

just go do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:52]

So people come to him saying,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:54]

yeah, I've been meaning to update my resume, but I just haven't gotten around to it, and he tells him, go write it now and call me when you're done. So does it ever amaze you just like a bit that there are people in the world who can make money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

creating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

you know, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

I don't even know what to call it, like a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

personality where all they're saying is just go do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:21]

It doesn't really surprise me anymore. I mean, you've got people like Dave Ramsey who pretty much does the same thing. I don't know, man. It, it it shocks me a little bit every time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

Every time. You have the personality to monetize, Stan. You just have to do it. Well, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

So so what was what was this You kind of have as your life coach for developers. There you go. You're like, oh my gosh. This guy. So so what was so shocking to you about this podcast? First of all, we should we should we should stop. Like, I'm not really a listener of the art of manliness. You, I believe, are a periodic listener. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

Yeah. So I'm subscribed, and I'll pick which ones look interesting. Sometimes they cover topics that don't interest me at all. And occasionally, you send me a link, I actually do listen to it. This this was Right. I mean, I I caught a couple minutes of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:08]

Yeah. So the thing with the Art of Manlius podcast is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

not great production value,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:16]

at all. Comes off kind of rigid to me. So not like the life of Twist of Lemon, which you should leave five stars on iTunes for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:24]

But basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

this guy was talking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

and I thought it sounded basically how you live life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

So, like, you don't like having a bunch of things on your list. You don't really, like, schedule out your week of things that you wanna do. We talked about this on some episode before,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:43]

but you're kinda,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

hey. I have things to do, so I'm gonna get them done. Whether that's at work, whether it's with church stuff, whether it's at home. Like, hey. I should really make my doorbell work. You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:55]

pretty much have that done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

within a week. So Yeah. Well, the doorbell's a interesting example. Right? Because I placed an order for it. It came, and I installed it. I didn't, like, queue it up. The Right. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

point at which I decided to do that particular task was when I placed the order for the thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

I I do make lists. Like, I do have to queue things up sometimes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

but I I don't I don't know. I don't like having a long list of things that I haven't accomplished.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

And if if I look at a list that I've made and there are things there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

that I haven't done in a while, I ask myself, like, okay. Maybe I'm never gonna do them. Maybe they're not that important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

And if they're not, then I take them off the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

And I use that as kinda like a, you know, a curing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

tactic to kinda keep things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

I I don't know, like legit, real. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

That's that's just I I think I've always done that. I don't I don't recall making, like, long, never ending list. I think this is also why,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

you know, software like Omnifocus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

right, this beautiful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

fantastic task management app doesn't really do much for me. Even, like, Wunderlist, which we've talked about ad nausea, doesn't really do it for me. Because for me, I've got a list, like, a task list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

that I maintain, and it is just a single list. I I do have the family list that's shared with Sarah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

So Right. Occasionally, things crop up in there. But that's that's rare. Like, we don't we don't use that a lot because there aren't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

really those situations where we both need to see each other's tasks. Calendar's a different story. You know? But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

I don't know. And and things that are, like, deeply recurring, I also don't put in the to do list. So, like, we were talking about changing the furnace filter. I just pop those in the calendar. Because when that calendar event pops up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

it's like it's, what, maybe five minutes of my time to go downstairs, change it, put the new one in, and go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

And I've got you know, like, the filters are always there. I don't have to order a new one. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

Those just come from Amazon when I need them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

So I I think that's that's the thing. Right? Like, I look at something as simple as a furnace filter and I evaluate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

it gonna actually take me more time to queue it up and then think about it later on?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

Or if I just did it. And most of the time, like, I just do it and it's it's not a big deal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:17]

So tell me about your approach to this at work. I mean, for a while, you had the most commits to the work repo

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:24]

by a long shot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:26]

And usually, they like, for those who aren't don't know anything about software development, usually, there are what we call issues,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:34]

either bugs or things like that or feature requests or stuff like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:39]

that people will log against the project,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:41]

and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

the developers go and write it or fix it or whatever and resolve the issue. We we should definitely be clear that commits don't necessarily mean it was productive work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

But you're Stan Lemmon. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

at at work, right, yeah, you're right. There's a there's a ticket system. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

there's a pool of tickets that engineers usually pull from,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

and they'll assign work to themselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

I mean, sometimes I'd have maybe two, three items concurrently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

not a lot. But I they're, like, it's what I'm working on. Right? So I've got a, you know, a sprint window, which is two weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

I'm actively working on it. Like, I'm not putting my name as an assignee on a task that I'm not claiming. So that that kinda, I think, maybe that's where this came from in the sense that that's really how I think engineers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

execute on work. Right? Like, you pull one off the queue, you work on it till it's done, and then you go to the queue to get the next one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

I I will say I don't own the backlog. Right? Like, our product managers own the backlog. So I'm not I have no ownership over the list, if you will Right. Other than to make sure that what's in the list,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

is is, like, current and has good info.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

So it's it's different. I now on the non coding side of the house, right, I do have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

a list that I keep track of. I also have my inbox,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

which unlike my personal life, my work inbox is kind of like a task list that I try and burn down. That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

kind of like one of those email no no's we talked about a couple couple weeks ago. It is, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

but I like, with work, right, a email that sits in the inbox requires a response or an action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

And I start my morning off by whittling that thing down to inbox zero. Right? And then I sweat it at the end of the day when I when new stuff is in there. But I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

there too, like, I don't I don't one of the reasons I do inbox zero work

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

is because I I don't like to leave things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:43]

you know, unhandled that I could do now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:46]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

So I don't know. You know, I I just I know that I am more likely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

to forget

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

discard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

something if I don't just tackle it right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:02]

So what if you have, like, a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:05]

long term

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:07]

kinda high priority task? So say you're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

putting a presentation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:12]

together or a class or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:14]

How do you prioritize,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:16]

like, the things that people have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:18]

emailed you about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:20]

that you wanna clear out with, hey. I really need to spend six hours working on this presentation today. So on my list, I always order it. Right? I don't use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

date sorting or any of that other stuff. I shouldn't say it. Sometimes I'll use date sorting, but more often than not, I'm manually sorting my list, and I'm I'm just putting in my top priority at the top, my second priority behind it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

And Got it. You know, sometimes I gotta I gotta let something hang until I get get to it. Right? And that can be frustrating to be on the receiving end, but, like, you can't have this is what I I believe firmly in. Right? You cannot have two number one priorities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

Right? It's just it's just not possible. You can tell yourself you have two number one priorities,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

but in reality, something's gonna win out. And so, you you know, I just try to be honest with myself. Like, this thing here, right, like, the podcast right now is my number one priority. My little hobby project I was coding on before we started here is my number two priority, at least for now. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

Right. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

I I think sometimes people don't do that. They don't actually think about, like, what what is highest priority.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

And the the fact of the matter is that sometimes when you prioritize things, you gotta cut off the bottom. Right? Like, there and this is kind of the way that that, I do my my personal to do list. When there are things that have lived on there for a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

I chop them off because they're not actually that important. If they've if they've managed to go undone that long, I don't need them. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:46]

Very good. Well, we could talk about this forever, but we just hit the forty minute mark, so we should let

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:53]

our dear listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:54]

go do something else. That's a podcast, John. Oh. Have a good night, buddy. That is a podcast. We'll talk to you later.

