---
title: Stan Returns to His Hobbies
episode: 40
date: '2019-04-11T12:37:32.000Z'
slug: stan-returns-to-his-hobbies/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around Google's impact on privacy and personal data,
  with the speaker expressing concerns about the company's business model and
  its ability to track users' activities. They discuss the potential
  implications of this tracking and how it can lead to targeted advertising and
  manipulation. The discussion also touches on the use of DuckDuckGo for search
  and Apple Maps as an alternative.
keywords:
  - Google
  - privacy
  - data tracking
  - DuckDuckGo
  - Apple Maps
  - AI
  - machine learning
  - ethics
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, this is the fortieth episode that we've recorded together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

That's debatable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Well, what do you mean it's debatable?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

Because the first bonus round, we did not count as an episode number. The second bonus round, we did count as an episode number. So it's either the thirty ninth or the forty first episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

Well, the first bonus episode, if I recall, we released the same day as the episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

Yeah. It was close because it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

took place right after we finished recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

And I don't I don't think that was a full episode. Was it? It was like, it was short.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

I don't care how you do this. I mean, if you wanna call it the fortieth episode, let's go for it. I mean, that's how it's numbered in our note that we use to track our episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:16]

Right. I I The note does not lie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

There we go. I I've been excited about this. I've been thinking about the fortieth episode all day and what would I do that would be special,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

and I've come up with absolutely nothing except to point out that we have somehow managed to record 40 episodes or 40 and a half depending on how you count.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

And, yeah, it's exciting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

40 episodes, we still have listeners.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

I think we're up to 11 reviews.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

19 people have clicked the five stars on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:50]

And, and my mom was one of them. So thanks, mom. Yeah. She gave you a written review. My family, there's at least three of them who listen fairly regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

No written reviews. I imagine they've clicked the five stars on iTunes. So The funny thing is you keep calling that out too, and so if if they are actually regular listeners, they're hearing you call them out. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

So I I don't I don't know what to make of that, John, but that doesn't, doesn't bode well. So sister Elizabeth for sure has to be listening because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

she's terrified that we're gonna talk about her on each episode ever since the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

Fritzy appeal where she made the intro to every

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

episode for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

five weeks, four weeks, something like that. That was good, clean fun. It was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

So interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

today, we're recording this on the ninth, and I have lived in this house

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

in Indianapolis for a full year. So I was thinking about this. That means that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

I it was twelve weeks in that we started recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

Because if you recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

I was walking the dog one night and you're like, we should just record this. We should make a podcast. Right. That was a it was an Indianapolis innovation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

What I love calling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:02]

Congratulations on one year. Do you have a name for your residence?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

Is it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

Lemon Land? No. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Lemonland is the WiFi network, John. The lemon bunker?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

We could we could call it the Bunker. I don't know. That's a I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

I'm not really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

we've never really named the places that we live other than the talent they were at. Right? So, like, I lived in Saxonburg or Cheswick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

Right. Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

we we didn't recall the Seymour House, the Seymour House. Was always Bighorn Lane, but whatever. We'll we'll figure something out. I'll I use I'll make that homework to come up with a a name like Monticello or Montpelier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

I was gonna lean towards the Fortress Of Sourness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

but Oh, actually, do you remember? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

did have a name

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

when we first moved in. Do you recall it's funny you say this. So you just got my memory jogging. Do you remember what I called this place when I first moved in? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

I don't. It was Fort Happiness.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

Fort Happiness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

I do remember that now. Yeah. That's funny. I forgot about that. Yeah. Fort Happ for short. And because we were joking because I was so tickled pink to to be here and to be in Indy and and just, like, the whole setup. So Fort Hap, that I'm I'm gonna resurrect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

that, and I'll refer to my current residence as Fort Hap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

So you've been there for a year. I've been here going on six months now. Hey? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe a little less Two times. Five months. So what advice do you have for somebody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

who's only lived in the house half the time that you've lived in your house?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

Only lives here half the time that I have. Well, have you alright. Have you changed your furnace filter since you moved in?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:44]

I have not, but it was changed between the inspection and when we closed. So Okay. It did spend too long. So pro tip number one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

change your furnace filter probably every two months, let's say. Got it. And put that in your in your calendar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

Is a great use of subscribe and save.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

Yep. Did, like, just have them shipped to you from Amazon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

And And then it's like, hey, it's time to change it. Do you know what a MERV rating is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

Oh my gosh. Alright. This is not this is really not what I expected to be talking about today. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

MERV filter MERV rating is on an air filter refers to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

like, the amount of stuff it takes out of the air. How filtrate it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

Yeah. Like, I don't know. There's gotta be a better name for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

So basically, what I've told people in the past is like, don't do anything under 11. Right? Don't do anything under MERV 11.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

I I personally get MERV 13.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

And, you know, once you get past MERV 13, you're into that whole like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

I don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

hospital grade filters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

but that's that's what I recommend. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

seriously though, amazon.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

you get those things subscribe and save, and you just you gear it up so that they come and you just replace it like clockwork. When you pull it out for the first time, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

before you slide that thing all the way out, pay attention to which direction the arrows are. Right. Because when you go to next airflow. I because I I change the air filter on my car fairly regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

So That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

something I don't do. I actually need to do that. But, alright. Furnace filter, that's that's a big one. Did you drain your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

spigots

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

on the house for your hoses? Yes. That was one of the first things that I did when I moved in. Okay. Good man. Good man. Let me think what else? Otherwise, those probably would have burst with how cold it got here this year. Do you have a water softener, John? I do not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

Oh, really? Okay. Well, it spares you that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

that bit of pain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

I don't know. That's all I got, man. I'll I'll think about more more house tips, but I was putting together patio furniture today, so I got two of the four pieces done before it was time for dinner. So Does does it ever blow your mind, like, how complicated that crap is to put together?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

This wasn't that complicated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

But how well, how long did it take you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

An hour, maybe. For two chairs?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

For a table and a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

loveseat two seater thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

Oh, okay. I will be I was only so they recommend two people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

and I did it all by myself. But it's all they gave me the hex

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

wrench, and they're all the same screw, and you put them in the holes. So The the second person is not there to lend hands. They're purely there for moral support, at least in my experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

I don't know. Second pair of hands to hold things steady would have been helpful or A lot of times, missus Lemon fetch me beer or something like that. Oof. A lot of times, missus Lemon is the one that understands the instructions, and so I'm I'm, like, basically cheap labor and she's the brains of the operation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

So like the stuff that I got, you'd have to be an idiot not to put together correctly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

Hey, man. Don't don't test me. Challenge accepted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

Well, I got two chairs left, Stan. What are you doing tomorrow?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

Tomorrow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

I'm going to church. I'm also hoping to do a little more cycling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

because the weather has been good. My bike is all tuned up and I need to do that. I'm trying to find my riding legs again because it's been a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

Yep. And we've got a big ride coming up at the end of the month. I don't know what you mean when you say big ride. So this should be interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

they're your routes, man. Have have you ever done a bar crawl bar crawl on a bicycle?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:42]

I have not, but there's a great area for it in Cedar Rapids. Yeah. There's a great area for it in Indianapolis too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

So you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

got all tuned up. They basically overhauled your bike. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Yeah. I mean, they just, like, regreased everything for me, and then I had them They take it all apart?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

They took a a bunch of it apart. They also replaced my chain because that was all stretched out. Mhmm. They wound up replacing my brake cables. And I don't know if you remember the bike I had had, they call them cheaters. They were, like, two sets of handles for the brakes. I got the normal ones on the drops and then I've got I had the, you know, kinda just flappers on the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

horizontal bar and I had them just take those off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

So that was nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

Got back, seems to be doing good. And, I'm pretty sure that I'm overdue for new tires,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

but I'm gonna put that off a little longer, but I did get a new seat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

I don't know if it's better or not yet. I haven't ridden enough to to find out, but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

yeah. I I mean So so what prompted the new seat?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

Because my butt hurt. Were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

you wearing biking shorts?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

No. I wasn't. But it so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

that aside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

I know it wasn't the most comfortable seat. So probably any seat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

would have been an upgrade. It it was literally like the, you know, bottom rung bone trigger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

which is Trek's, you know, accessory brand or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

And I just I knew I needed another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

a better one. I wanted one with a different kind of cutout on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:20]

Alright then. We'll find into this than I am, but I did cross the 1,000 mile mark on my bicycle yesterday. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

Sitting at 1,009

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

miles as of this recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

Good deal. So most of the riding that I've done since getting the bike back has primarily been with family, which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

slowish, we'll say. Slowish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

Lucy, I had to coach along today. We went for a ride during lunch. This is short five miles, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

we average 10 miles an hour, which is not fast by any stretch. But I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

this this was fast for her because she's kind of a meander.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

But Got it. The whole game rode over to the park

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

a couple days ago. So, you know, we're we're getting around. It's fun. I went downtown. I rode a little bit. Nothing big. Just kinda trying to break a sweat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

Matt,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:13]

22 and a half miles is my long ride so far this year. Last year, my long ride was 39.7.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

Just missed the 40 mile mark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:22]

So we're hoping to get above 40 this year. What's your goal? Do you have a goal? I don't really have a goal. Ride three times a week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

Okay. That's good. I mean, I that's that's good. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

you know, last year, I kinda took the year off. I I don't know how else to say it other than I just didn't do a lot of riding. After moving, things were crazy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

and, I just didn't get the miles. And the summer before though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

my goal was basically about 80 miles a week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

And, what I would do is I would ride usually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

my what was it? Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday were my riding days. And Monday, Tuesday, Thursday were like 20 miles, and then Right. Saturday, I would, you know, do anywhere from 30 to a 100. Right. Just one time, I just did a 100.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

20 miles is a good distance.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

Once you're in shape, you can do that probably just over an hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Yeah. Yeah. Give or take. Depends on elevation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

and things like that. Well, in the meantime, you just stop. Right? Like You stop on a 20 mile ride? Oh, yeah. Yeah. This one, mean, like, know, you you cross traffic or whatever. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

I don't know about you, but most of the places that I ride, I have to stop for cars, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

You just need to get out into the cornfields again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

Yeah. Well, there I mean, it's a different set of rules out there. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

Well, good. Here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

here's the other thing I returned to today. I sent you pictures of me I know. I was shocked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

When was the last time you touched your grill? Because you gave up on the grill, you're doing burgers in this or steaks in this reverse sear. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

man, you were the kind of guy who was grilling everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:05]

every day year round.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

So I the last time I grilled would have been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

in the fall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

You grilled for some birthday party, didn't you? Yeah. I grilled for a birthday party, periodically, I'll throw hot dogs on, but I hadn't done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

my, my chicken tacos in a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

And so that's what we did tonight. I threw a couple chicken breasts on there as well as some hot dogs. Yeah. It looked like only a few of you were eating the chicken tacos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

Yeah. Well, it's basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

Sarah and I. Right? Yeah. So the kids kids are like, yeah, hard pass.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

yeah, got it out and I ran out of gas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

Need cookies. So had to swap in a new tank. Fortunately, I had a spare. Here's another pro tip for you, John. Do you have two tanks? I don't, but my wife keeps telling me to get them because she's terrified of that happening to me. Yeah. You gotta get the second tank because here's what happens. You you forget that or, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

it it dies at the most inconvenient time. Right? And then you gotta decide, do I, like, just abandon ship, go throw it on a skillet, and finish it up? Or do I go all the way to the gas station and get the new one? And then when you finally go do that, right, it's like thirty five minutes later,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

and you're kicking yourself because now your meat's gonna be tough or, you know, it's just not gonna be great. So better to have the spare there, swap it in in the moment. So on the Weber, there's like this gauge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

and I think it's based on the weight of the tank. So it kinda gives me a gauge of where it's gonna be,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:31]

so I'm not completely terrified.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

I I've never trusted that thing or liked it. I have the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

the like, my actual tanks have or I should say one of them. I don't think both of them have this, but it's got, like, a little meter on it so I can track it along.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

yeah, I don't know. Like, it's good to know how much is left and pick it up occasionally. Right? Like Right. Difference between an empty take and a full tank is significant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:57]

Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

So chicken tacos, the first time you made those for me, and then I kinda stole the recipe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

You grilled up a bunch of, like, peppers and stuff. Did you do do you still do that, or do you go with more traditional taco toppings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

Oh, so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

we did do couple of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

sweet peppers and, an onion. I didn't have any hot peppers this time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

laying around. But for the sake of, like, time and ease,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

actually, we sliced all those up and threw them in a pan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

just lightly oiled salt, pepper, and maybe like a little bit of ancho chili powder or whatever, and put that in the oven at 400 for fifteen, twenty minutes. Nice. Stirred a couple times. The the way that I used to do is I would roast everything on the grill,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

and then I would take it off, and I would then cut it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

like, that's good. I like it. It just takes forever, you know. Right. It's really slow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:54]

Have you ever considered one of those, like, grilled basket things so you could just throw all the sliced stuff in there? I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

In fact, I think I even have one floating around. I'm trying to remember what did I try in it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

I I wasn't I wasn't impressed. I don't I don't I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

I don't like having to use a a a mitt either when I'm at the grill. I don't think to, like, put it on, so I do something stupid, like, it's just a recipe for disaster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

Got it. I will tell you, one thing I am looking at for this summer is a wood chip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

like, triangular thing that sits in between my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

gas burners. You've been talking to Finger, haven't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

Just telling you that his that his meat rubs are gonna taste so much better if you actually have real smoke in there. Well, so I have I have smoked on this grill, but what I've done is I've taken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

you know, it's like aluminum pans that you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

like, a small one. Right? And Right. I'll put wood in there, like wood chips, and then I'll actually put a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

a sheet of tinfoil over top of it, poke a couple holes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

and use that to smoke on the grill. It's just it's real finicky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

I think, honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

this it's called the charcoal companion stainless steel v shaped smoker box for gas grill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

I'll send you a link here. But I I think it's just convenient. Like, I I don't have to remember to go get the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

little metal aluminum trays and it's it's not expensive. So I'm gonna probably do this. But I I do feel like at some point here, I need to probably just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

suck it up and get a smoker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

So I think the question I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

never smoked anything, and I don't know where to start. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

maybe next year. I just started with steak. Started with steak and then I did chicken. And really, that's the only two things I've done. Yeah. But like sirloin steak because they don't it doesn't take long. Neither steak nor chicken takes terribly long and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

you know, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

I I don't wanna say that you can't mess it up, but it's hard to mess it up. Yeah. So I actually shouldn't say that. We I did a I did a pork butt on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

the grill as well. Nice. So that takes a little longer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

Right. And the thing there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

you you know, with with a pork butt, you want the temperature to go up and then start coming back down, and that's, like, how you know it's done. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

it's got this weird, like, thing where it peaks out and then drops.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

Interesting. I've only ever made pork butt in a crock pot, and it was being turned into carnitas or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

something like that. We actually have done,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

like, pulled pork in the oven at a really low temp for several hours as well. And it's I mean, you do it right, it falls apart. It's just it's glorious. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

I digress. I need to get a meat smoker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

I think my dilemma at least last year was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

you know, do I go the Fanker route where I'm doing everything manually?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

And quite frankly, like, I don't really have the time for that. I would love to You don't seem like that kind of guy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

No. I mean, I again, I would love to, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

I just I got too much else going on. So then the other options like electric or gas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

And when I was doing research on this last year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

like the Internet disagrees with itself on this matter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

quite a bit, and I I just couldn't get a comfortable read on it. So what what I'm probably what's gonna probably come down to is I'm gonna buy a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

smoker that probably on the cheap side to try and learn the technique and the art of it all and then go from there. Because I don't I don't know how else like, just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

too many warring opinions on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:36]

You and I have the same problem, Stan. We have too many hobbies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

better than not having any. Right? I suppose that's true. But speaking of Howie's, one of my favorites, one of your favorites, drinking beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

Did you have a good one this week?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

No. Well, I did. I had lots of good beer this week. I went out with a friend from church Thursday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

and we kinda hopped around a couple different bars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

Friday, we had whiskey Friday, but it was at a place with, like, 55 beers on tap, so I got beer at whiskey Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:10]

But on Thursday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:13]

tasted one beer that I didn't end up ordering,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:16]

and I tasted it purely for the style of beer that it was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

And it fits very well with this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

Tell me more, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

So this said

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

IPA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

So okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

If you I like, I I appreciate. I first of all, on behalf of anyone that's bothered to listen this far into the podcast, thank you for doing what you did. But what in heaven were you thinking? Like, milkshake IPA, that does not sound like a recipe for success. Yeah. So it was not good. So I guess that, technically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:52]

it becomes a milkshake IPA because they use lactose in it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

which is weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

Okay. Was it served with a straw?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

It was not. Well, I I just got the taster, so I didn't get the full experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

I mean, I feel like I feel like you should have asked. Do you serve this with a straw?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:13]

Yeah. This place that we went wasn't great service anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

Was was it thick at least?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:19]

No. It was a beer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:21]

had like this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:23]

lactose

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:24]

taste to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:26]

So it was weird. Something that probably shouldn't be in beer, and this was the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:31]

what was it? Omnipollo

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:35]

Oksika

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:36]

Swedish beer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

mango

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

margarita

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

slush IPA

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:42]

brewed with lactose,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

mango, lime, grapefruit, and vanilla.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

None of that sounds good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

When you see those flavor profiles,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

you think, okay. Maybe this is like a sour.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

Sometimes sours are good. Sometimes they aren't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

But, yeah, there there was nothing good about this. I'm glad I didn't go all in and just order one of these. I'm glad I just tried it, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

so I had something to talk about here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

And then move on with life. Do you remember the don't fruit the beer commercials? Because that definitely comes to mind right now. What's a commercial, Stan? Oh, my word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

Back in the day

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

on yield television,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

there used to be these things in the middle of your shows, John. All those things that happen during football games.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

Yeah. There you go. The reason that people watch that big football game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

Except

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

this year, they were terrible. Both the game and the commercials.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:38]

This time, beer was yelling because they use corn syrup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

But not Have you really never these were the Man Log commercials. That's what they were. I remember the Man Log commercials. I don't remember a Fruit the Beer one though. Yeah. There was a don't fruit the beer because at the time, like, if I recall Blue Moon was getting trendy, because this is an old commercial. This is like twelve years ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

And Blue Moon was getting trendy at the time, and if you remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

I don't know if places still do this, but they would always serve it with us orange slice over the edge. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

So anyhow, I think this is like Miller,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

which is probably ironic because don't they own Coors, which owns Blue Moon now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

I have no idea. Probably. Yeah. I think that's how it works. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

so that comes to mind. That commercial comes to mind because you just described a beer with a bunch of fruit and lactose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

So, like, when I think about flavors, milk and mango, they don't go together. Right? Like, that's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

like, that to me, it conjures up a sensation of curdling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

Yeah. It it was not good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

Maybe I'll try, like, a chocolate milkshake stout.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:47]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

I don't see me steering towards these milkshake IPAs again. Was this beer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

like, bitter? Because you said IPA.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

No. It was what kinda like more of a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

citrusy session IPA sort of thing with a weird lactose taste. That's really what killed it. Yeah. I I don't I'm not having it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

So I don't even remember what I got there. I'd have to check untapped, but Real real memorable. Better than this. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

I've been into hazy IPAs recently, Stan. Hazy IP IPAs are good. I like that if you can find a decent one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

So Witch Slap at Clock House we stopped at. You might have gotten Witch Slap. I probably would have told you to, but that is my favorite hazy so far. Alright. Well, when you come out for endgame, you're gonna bring some of that then? I don't think they bottle it or can it? Well, do they not pour it into a growler?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

They could. Is that gonna last me all the way to Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

It won't be open when I leave.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

What do you mean it'll be open when you leave? They won't be open. Oh, well, yeah. So you get it the night before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

K. You put it in the car. You don't open it. After they fill it up, you get that Just keep it. Cap on as tight as you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

and drive here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

And when you get here, we'll have a beer, and we'll assess whether or not it capped, and I'm pretty sure it will.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

Alright. If you say so. Yeah. No. I'm not worried. I'm willing to try anyhow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

I think you've had it, Stan. You don't use untapped anymore, so we can't track for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

It's it's too many social networks, John. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

Strava,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

untapped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

I guess Strava right now is probably the only one that's on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

What does that tell you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

That you should have many more miles than you do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

Probably. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

The only reason I really use Strava, truth be told, is because at this point, all of my miles are logged there. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

And I don't know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:47]

I I I just don't think I wanna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

figure out how to, like, balance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

between that and Garmin or whatever. But Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

Yeah. I got invited to the team good beer, which is a RegBry team,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

their Strava group. So now I'm competing with these people in miles and elevation each week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

Nice. How demoralize is it? I think I'm sitting in third right now. We'll see if that holds up through the rest of the week. Good deal. Good deal. Alright, John. Last, last week, you were complaining about dark sky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

I was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Yeah. So you don't like my favorite weather app?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

No. Just because their their forecast hasn't been accurate. They tell me it's gonna rain and doesn't rain. They don't tell me how it's gonna rain and it rains. Their temperature is usually like 10 degrees off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

So.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

And you have this thing set to, like, always use your location and all that jazz? Yeah, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

Weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

Have you looked at the normal weather app to see if it's accurate when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

dark sky is not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

I did when I was towards the end of the snow season,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

and they were far more accurate than dark sky was. I don't know what to tell you. I'm I'm looking at, like, the four to seven days out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

I mean Almost dark sky has some trouble with what the weather will be like tomorrow sometimes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

So I'm just looking at tomorrow. This is saying a range of 46 to 58.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

I switch over to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

the weather app. It's 46 to 57.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

If I look at Thursday, it's 53 to 76. I go back to dark sky,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

and it is 47 to 76. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

bit more of a range, but not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

that much. Like, I I think that's within the standard deviation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

I just Right. But this this has been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

much further off

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

Like What? I don't know what to tell you there, John. I'm sorry, man. I I would say I failed you, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

I I don't know. I'd have to see it for myself. But you have me using a weather app now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

Well, yeah. You know, you gotta start somewhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

I feel like at least within the twenty four hour

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

time horizon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

rain predictions for dark sky are pretty accurate for Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

At least that's that's how I felt. Now, will say, as soon as I mentioned to missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

that you were frustrated with dark sky, she oh, it's never right, is it? I'm like, what are you talking about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

And I said, is the weather app that comes with iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

more accurate? Oh, no. It's wrong too. I'm like, okay. Well, that's just that's a weather prediction problem. It's not, you know, dark sky. See, dark sky told me that it was gonna rain between five and six today

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

and it didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

Light to moderate rain it said. It even had the little bar graph or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

float. I don't know what kind the percentages? Like, what were the the percentage chances? Were were they a 100%?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

So this one, I don't think it has percentage when it says, hey. Rain's gonna start in thirty five minutes. I think Are you talking about the push notifications?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:57]

No. There's like a graph thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

So I'm looking at if I look at the the screen, right, that does the hour by hour, down at the bottom, there's a precipitation probability percentage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

Yeah. And you can do that for any day. And so I always look at that. It's like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

it's gonna rain. What what's the actual percentage? So here I am looking at Wednesday October,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

5% chance of rain, which tells me probably not gonna rain.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:22]

Right. Yeah. So this was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

like the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

bar graph thing where it says cloudy, overcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

rainy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:31]

and it says, like, 2PM, it's gonna be 46 degrees or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

So then it turns blue to rain,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:38]

and this was like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

this pops up, said rain starting in the next thirty five minutes, and it never rained.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

Well, did it rain nearby maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

That paragraph by the way also has percentages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

Just FYI.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:57]

I don't know. I'm looking at the desktop now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

I don't know, John. Stick with it. That's all I can say because I don't have anything else to to to sell you at this point. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

Anyways

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

so Hello Hello Weather is another good app, but unless you're planning to pay for a subscription,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

you won't get right on Our weather app? Man, I might as well plug in my antenna and pick up the local weather forecast at 10:00 every night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

There you go. Now we're talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

So I can't even tell you who the meteorologists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

in Cedar Rapids are. That's right. I couldn't tell you who that is in Indianapolis either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

So you're not liking dark sky. Are you liking mint? Because that was the other app you you converted over to Right. Based upon my recommendation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

So mint, I've gone all in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

I feel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

less on top of my finances,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

but I think I'm okay with that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

Because I go in and I, like, update things once a week or whatever, make sure everything's categorized correctly, and there's usually, like, two things that I need to recategorize

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

or split the transactions out in different categories,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:12]

Yeah. I like it. I like the overall thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:16]

It's gotten me probably more accurate with my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

financial

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

reporting to myself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:23]

if that makes sense,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:25]

just because it brings all my accounts into one place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

what was the first thing you said? You said you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

less

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

up to date? Less less on top of it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

or I feel less involved or less

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

obsessed with it? Okay. So these are two different things. Right? Like, less

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

involved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

and less on top of it, I think, are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

separate issues.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

So less involved could be good if Right. What you're doing is automating away the process.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

But that also leads into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

being less on top of it because instead of looking at things twice a day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

I check-in once a week or something like that. Well, so that's a behavior you could change though. Right? You could refresh it every day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

like Right. First thing. So But I don't feel the need to. Okay. And that's great. Like, I'm I'm I'm with you. Think it's just an interesting way you diagnose that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

there's definitely a delicate balance, right, between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

obsessing over it and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

not paying attention to it at all. Right. And that, like, happy medium is good. So I applaud you. I I'll be completely honest with you. I check mine. I refresh it at least once a day just to see You have more transactions than me. I've just And discussed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

that's that's probably a big part of it. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

So so actually One more annoying the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:55]

more annoying thing is the switch to we're doing a lot of our purchases through credit card now to get the bonus points or whatever,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:03]

and it drives me nuts that it will take some three days to clear or something like that. So it just shows up as pending shows up as pending. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

I'm with you. That does get annoying. That like, that's just the way that the industry works. There's no way around it. It is it is pretty dumb, though. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:22]

Yeah. What else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

There's some tweaks that you can make to the whole budgeting process,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

but it's no deal breaker there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

Alright. Well, like I said amendment. I'm all in. One for one. Is this where I tell you that I've moved on from mint?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:39]

If you want to. I mean, you already told me that you moved on from Wealthfront, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

Wealthfront puts my retirement investment investments on autopilot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

So so I'm just kidding about the mint thing. I still use mint. We'll talk about the Wealthfront thing on another episode because I I feel like I've had a eureka. I'm not bailing on Wealthfront,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

I am shifting some things around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

for reasons that are probably pretty specific to my situation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

So I still I'm still a big, fan of Wealthfront or Betterment for that matter, whichever robo advisor you use. Never used Betterment. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

Yeah. I mean, it's the same same thing. Tomato's motto. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

But, yeah, I think for most people, a robo advisor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

is the way to go. I have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

interest in level

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

or I'm interested in investment at a level at which I think the autopilot is less appealing to me at this point. So but we'll see that for another episode. You have problems that people like me will never understand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

Well, there's there's that too. There's that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:48]

Sounds good. Those are technology follow ups from last couple months.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

What else, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

I don't know. You I I think in this note, you're trying to goad me into talking about Google, but I don't really want to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:02]

Don't give them any press. I don't remember why this came to mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

Oh, because Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

You were you were talking to Patrick and I don't remember how this how this came up but I was like, oh, I don't I don't use Google for that or whatever. And everybody's like, well, what do you use? And somebody said Bing. I'm like, no. I don't use Bing. I use DuckDuckGo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

And then you were like, well, what do you do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

if they've got a Recapka,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

like the the Google Recapka. Right? Use websites.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

you make a really valid point and I I I find this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

really annoying at the number of sites that use Google Recapca.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

It's because they make it easy, man, and it fights spam pretty well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

I don't know that they make it easy. Well, let's that's a different discussion for a different time. To install?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

Not for the user where you have to click on the stupid crosswalks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

I can't tell what a crosswalk is. I know. That's the problem. That's the problem. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. It's easy to use, and that's why everybody uses it. I do worry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

like, are all these sites that use it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

basically adding to the pool of tracking data that Google makes its business out of? Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

I You should look at the API.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

you can if you can figure out all the deets. I mean, that that's the thing. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

who knows? It's probably buried in a privacy policy, but I I need to be clear. Like, if you use Google, that's fine. If you use Gmail,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

that's fine. Google Maps, that's fine. I like, I have friends that work at Google. They are good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

I don't, like, I don't think that Google's evil, which is I think where you were trying to to goad me to. But I I do I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

I do fundamentally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

dislike

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

their business model, which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

intentionally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

I don't wanna say violating my privacy, but it's it has no regard for it. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

And so I just make a conscious decision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

to not use Google products at certain times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

You think again, for search, DuckDuckGo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

For email,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

I use outlook.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

and I do pay for my email. So think about that, John. I pay a subscription for my email. Yep. And then I use Apple Maps mostly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

you know, there you go. Nice. Do you think Sam listens to the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

I I I doubt it. I feel like He's got more important things to do. Yeah. He's got he's got a bunch of little kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

Dude works all the time. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:38]

I'd like to think that he's he's got more important things to do. But That's a good guy right there working for the evil Google giant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

Yeah. There you go. Oh, gosh. You're giving me so much trouble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

No. But, you know, like, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

when you stop and think about the things that Google knows about you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

and the things that it can infer from that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

and how those inferences can be used, that's what kinda bugs me. Right? That's what makes me feel not so great about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

And the fact that in general,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

there there is, like, there's an ethical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

set of concerns

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

the machine learning space that I I don't know that we've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

thought enough about, like, as a society.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

You're going all Jurassic Park on us? Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

I just I think it's I think it's messy and it's complicated and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

we're just not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

for lack of a better word, evolved enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

on this front,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

in my opinion, to to understand the implications of what we're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

mining,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

if you will. Right. So, you know, I think, like, the dream, right, is that Google can answer the questions that I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

The the nightmare is that Google

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

knows the questions I'm gonna ask before I ask them. Right? Right. I remember making jokes when Google bought Nest that I was gonna be watching YouTube

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

and, like, put on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

you know, a video of penguins, and it was going to adjust my Nest to get warmer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

or colder or who knows, whatever. Like, they do those kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

inter interconnections.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

the idea of Google being able to track everywhere I go through Google Maps, through Waze,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

and then target me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

subtly in ways that I don't understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:30]

kind of bothers me because I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:33]

inclined,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

right, to go out and eat someplace if it's suggested to me or buy a Newtek product if it's suggested to me based upon what I've been doing. And that, you know, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:47]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:48]

I ran into a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:50]

thing where I thought twice today with Apple,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:54]

no less.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:55]

And you aren't on Twitter, so you didn't see me tweet about this, but I think I did text you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:00]

So I don't know. I cleared

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:03]

my cookies or something trying to get something at work to work to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:07]

start working. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

So I had to resign into all my stuff, and there was some site that texted me a verification code.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:17]

And when I went to put in that verification code,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:22]

Apple suggests, hey. Do you wanna use this code that was just sent to your messages?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:28]

How do you feel about that, Stan? Coolest thing ever or maybe a little bit of a security flaw? Yeah. I I actually like that. No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

I I like it because that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

that calculation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

is all done on device. It's not done in the cloud.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:44]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

So that always makes me feel better about it. Right? When my data is not leaving my machine Right. To me, that's that's the best of the best, right, where we can be smart about things like, hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

I know that I need to put a verification code in this field, and it just came from your messages, and I can connect the two. Like, I dig that. If it happens on the device, then that information

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

is infinitely more secure than if it leaves the device. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:11]

So used to be able to unplug an Ethernet cable from your machines.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:14]

Not the case anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

I don't know. I mean, I go places without Wi Fi. Do you let me ask you this. When you go to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

the Starbucks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

do you ever go to the Starbucks?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

Not Starbucks, but other coffee shops. Okay. Alright. Do they have public WiFi?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

Is the first thing you do to get online?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:35]

If I have my computer, sure. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

Sometime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

try and go and don't get online and just see how your day goes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

Because I I will tell you that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

with my laptop, when I take it places like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

I actually try to avoid the public Wi Fi. One, because it's not safe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:54]

Two, because No. I address the security concerns for sure. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:00]

Encrypt.me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:01]

Stan. Encrypt.me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:02]

Is that what you use these days, John? Yeah. For VPN.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

I'm not actually familiar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:09]

with this product. Because I use this for, like, DNS propagation troubleshooting too because you can select your server location.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:16]

So, like, hey. I wanna try

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:18]

Austria.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

Is this website up in Austria?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:21]

Switch over there. Hey. What about Milwaukee?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:24]

So it's a pretty cool thing. Subscription based.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:28]

Work has a team subscription, so we use it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

Do you know why they chose us at work as opposed to an alternative?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:37]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:38]

pretty cool

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:39]

interface, easy to use.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:44]

Yeah. I don't know. I think it's just what Josh was using initially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:48]

because I mean working in the coworking space, you have the same security concerns.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:53]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

So when you're not in the common space, are you still on the same common Internet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:01]

No. We our office building downstairs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:04]

with five companies in it has its own network.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

so the the general gist here being you encrypt all your traffic so you don't worry about the public WiFi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:16]

I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

I don't know. I don't even like having my computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

connected to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

a network like that. I I just I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

VPN or otherwise, I'd rather avoid it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

But that's just me. Right? And so I go in a coffee shop, I take my laptop, and I do things that don't require an Internet connection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

And I can even code when I'm not connected to the Internet and do some of that stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

But I've I've always optimized for being able to work offline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

like, all the way back in the higher things days where I had everything running locally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:52]

so that I could debug anything without an Internet connection and then go find an Internet connection

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:57]

and and upload my changes. That's a whole lot easier to do these days, Stan. I remember when you were having me set up my own development environment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:04]

initially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:05]

and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:07]

we switched over to VirtualBox or something like that. And, yeah, it's easy now. Things have come a long way. Which means I need to get back to writing React

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:16]

something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:18]

There you go, John. Euchre scoring app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

There you go. That's a good idea. Euchre scoring app. There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:25]

that's Uber Lutheran right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:27]

Yeah. I play Euchre with a bunch of non Lutherans. So Well, I I always thought that was like the official card game of Lutheranism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

Maybe. Yeah. Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:38]

So just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

to, like, wrap up this Google thing, I don't think that Google's evil. I just am not comfortable with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:48]

inferring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:49]

things that I'm going to do, decisions I'm going to make, questions I'm going to ask,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

because I don't think they're doing it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:59]

help me. I think they're doing it to sell me something, and that's a prerogative. Right? I just don't want I just don't want that, so I don't use their products. That's what it comes down to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:10]

And you're terrified that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:13]

all the dinosaurs will get angry, take over the island, and eat little kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

Yeah. Something like that. Have you seen the latest Jurassic World?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:22]

You saw the first one though. Right? Yeah. With Chris Pratt. That was actually a lot better than I expected it to be. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:29]

Still, they don't beat the novels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

Yeah. Well, here's I'm gonna I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:35]

gonna channel Jordan McKinley

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

and his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:38]

opinion of Star Trek Discovery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:40]

If you don't look at Jurassic World and think of it as Jurassic Park, it's pretty good. Yeah. But when you think of it being part of that original story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:49]

Yeah. It's really annoying.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:52]

Doesn't doesn't have Michael Craigton's fingerprints on it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:56]

I don't think so, John. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:59]

well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:02]

to tie up this lovely fortieth episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:07]

which is probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:08]

what's that? Put an asterisk on it. Asterisk. Yeah. 40 and a half.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:13]

Remind everybody that you can go to twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:17]

You can also find us on Twitter and Facebook. You can't find me there. I mean, I guess technically you can, but I won't respond

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:24]

because I'm on hiatus. But did Do you know that last week's episode downloads were down because you did not share the episode on your social media, Sam?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:33]

How do you know that that was the reason?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:36]

It has to be the reason. What other reason would it be? Nothing else changed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:39]

Your name was even in the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:42]

And I didn't share it. Oh, whoops.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:46]

Well, maybe, John, you should just title this episode Stan, remember to share this on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:51]

Maybe. Then then you'll be up by two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:54]

There you go. Yeah. There you go. I can beat Patty. What's her problem?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:59]

Alright. So you can find us on Twitter and Facebook at twist of lemon pod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:03]

You can also find us on iTunes at life with a twist of lemon. Please leave those five star reviews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:09]

And also, if you want,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:12]

leave a written review, and I will send you stickers. Because I got a ton of them, and I can't print more until I get rid of these. So If you don't want, still leave a written review.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:21]

If you don't want the stickers, save me the postage, but still still post it and we'll read it on the podcast and give you all kinds of love,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:31]

assuming that you're not trolling me with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:34]

you know Bad football teams. Yeah. Exactly. So Oh, god. On that note, John, until next time. Until episode 41, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:41]

We'll see you later.

