---
title: Stan Makes Full Use of Apple Health
episode: 136
date: '2021-05-27T15:54:25.000Z'
slug: stan-makes-full-use-of-apple-health/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation between Stan and an unknown speaker revolves around home
  automation with Ecobee thermostats, specifically discussing temperature
  settings and schedules to maintain comfort. The discussion delves into the
  complexities of adjusting thermostat settings for optimal indoor climate
  control, with a focus on balancing comfort with energy efficiency. The
  conversation also touches on the limitations of smart home technology,
  including navigation and scheduling features.
keywords:
  - ecobee thermostat
  - home automation
  - temperature control
  - comfort setting
  - schedule optimization
  - energy efficiency
  - smart home technology
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Okay. So you did you get this in an email, this Apple WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

announcement with the the reflections in the eyes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

I see, this what I don't get. I have not gotten any emails,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

and I'm actually registered as an Apple developer. Like, I have a subscription. And I never have been. I don't understand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

You should forward me the email so that I can then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

figure out how to subscribe to it. That's my request to you. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

I can do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

I so okay. After you got the email,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

did you how how much did you zoom in to see the reflection of these eyes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

That's the first thing I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Oh, okay. Well, there you go. So so what do we got? We got messages. We got I think it looks like it's calendars and maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

the Yeah. So the one on the right is basically the calendar and terminal. So I imagine I don't know if there's any deeper meaning to that or not. Oh, is that the terminal? I I was looking at it. I thought it was the iPhone camera lenses.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

No. It's a terminal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

Oh. Terminal icon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

So what what do you messages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

the calendar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

So messages from center

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

says something to me. And then we've got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

code,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

which you actually figured out what that was. I didn't figure it out. Somebody on Twitter did. I just found it. Yeah. So these are these are ASCII

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

strings. Right? They're they're, like, the codes that map to specific characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

on a character set, and and those can also map to emojis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

And this is a a spoon or fork,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

the the sleepy emoji, and the MacBook emoji. Now wait a second.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

How do they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

I don't know. What don't you know? This looks different. I need to find the tweet again to make sure we're looking at the same thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

It was the same thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

Think it was flipped. I'm pretty sure. I I wouldn't make this up on the This is like it is reflected

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

and then there's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

I don't know. It doesn't look like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

maybe in the red it is. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

I I find this fascinating that there is so much speculation on the mere reflection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

in these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

eyeballs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

Right? Like, it's just so Yeah. So that's different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

The one in the tweet is different than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

the email. Oh, interest. I wonder if the one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

from the tweet is from the developer app, maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Let me look and see. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The the developer app is different. Wow. Look at that. That's so funny. So in the developer app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

there is an announcement for this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

and it's definitely the Unicode strings. I don't know what is on the email. That's really interesting. They changed that up, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

So any I need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

to reflect it and see if I can read it any better. Yeah. Definitely, man. Definitely. I guess that's what isn't that what the the tweet that I shared with you did?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

They flipped I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:29]

think so. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

It's I just find this so fascinating. There's so much energy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

Well, there's so much energy spent into making this graphic, first of all, for this announcement for WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

Right. But then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

I mean, the Internet has gone bonkers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

sorting through this thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

You know? Yeah. So usually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:49]

there's some sort of hint in these invites about what they might talk about at the keynote or what might be announced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:56]

Everything else in the invite is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

I don't know. Like, the title is end away we code.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Yeah. So this this is not I mean, it's not normally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

a product driven,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

like, announcement for Apple like, you know, the iPhone event is. Right? Yep. I'm not saying they don't announce products. I mean, usually announce new operating systems. Those are definitely products.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

there have been some big changes to the MacBook Pro in particular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

that have come out of this forum. Right? Like the Intel transition. I think even maybe the Retina transition was announced at WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

So so the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

MacBook Pro right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

they took the the, you know, basic 13 inch and they threw in an m one chip. Right? And Right. All

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

indicators

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

say that the m one chip is the greatest thing maybe to ever happen to Apple because it's such a huge difference in terms of the performance and quality of the computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

But the the most premium level

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

of Apple's laptop line does not have the m one chip yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

And I I think so first of all, there's three people with three MacBook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

Pros presumably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

in this in this graphic, in this announcement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

and the emoji that, you know, were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

discerned from this one individual's eyeball reflections

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

would lead us to believe that it's eat, sleep, Mac. Right? MacBooks, MacBook Pros. Right. In the app, which is different than the email. Yeah. Which is bizarre. I'm I'm stunned by this, but, you know, we'll Yeah. We'll get to the bottom of that. But, the the MacBook Pro, I I have a MacBook Air right now. I'm a big fan of the MacBook Air. You have a MacBook Air too, don't you? Correct. Yeah. I think the I love this computer. This is maybe my favorite Mac of all time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

Which you have not always said about all of your newest Macs, just to be clear. Yeah. No. I haven't. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

think the for me, there are three Macs, maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

that really stand out to me as, like, just wonderful machines. So my first Mac was an iBook g four. My like, the first that I owned. Old school. Old school. Yeah. I love that Mac. Honestly, it was a lousy computer, but I I got so much out of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

That's not for me, though, the, like, the seminal MacBooks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

MacBook Pros of my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

tenure as a Mac user

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

would have to be that first Intel MacBook Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

which was just a huge game changer. It was so dramatic in terms of performance power, and then you could do all these things. There was a whole open source world and the ability to run Windows, and, like, it just unlocked a ton.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

That transition to the retina

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

was also a game changer. Right? The Mac became beautiful in a way that we had only ever seen on the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Also, when they did the Retina,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

they did away with spinning disks, and they they just went to the nines on everything. Right? So it was a fully loaded MacBook Pro. Was an awesome machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

And then this m one Mac is is is my third. Right? And only reason I didn't get a MacBook Pro was because there there really wasn't, like, a huge difference between the MacBook Pro 13 inch and the the MacBook Air m one. But I can tell you, there are things that they could do with a new MacBook Pro, a larger model,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

that would compel me to buy them buy one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

Yeah. You've been you've been kinda Apple happy recently. I have been very Apple happy. My Apple card has gotten a lot of action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

here, this is what I've been thinking about. I've been I've been eyeing that new iPad Pro, the 12.9 inch one that has this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

I don't know what they call it, XDR screen or whatever. It's it's, like, based off of the Apple HDR screen. All all signs indicate that this thing is a sight to behold. Right? And and you know me. I love OLED displays, like, on my phone because I love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

blacks that have no blue to them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

Right? Right. So this has a mini LED. So I keep thinking, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

what if they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

did a MacBook Pro with the same chip that I got right now, this m one, but what if they, like, did the iPad type display in it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

I would upgrade for that. Even though this thing Interesting. This thing isn't even at all. I would upgrade for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

Very interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

I don't know, Stan. You're in a different world than me. I don't understand the iPad thing at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

Well, but but you can appreciate the beauty of that display. Right? I can. Yes. Yeah. And and I think I sent you the picture, right, of the previous gen and the current gen side by side on just a it's a a a black screen. Right? Like, probably the black wallpaper image.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

And and you can you can see the difference in terms of, like, blacks are black,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

and they're not they don't have that bluish hue or that kinda, like, backlighting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

glow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

I think I think there's what they've done on that display

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

is is pretty revolutionary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

I want that display. I have no I have no reason whatsoever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

to get the iPad. Right? Especially the price point that it's at. And I don't even like an iPad that big.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

Actually, since getting the m one MacBook Air, I have not used my iPad very much at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

Right. So it's actually I've scaled back. I think because the m one is such a joy to use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

It's so fast. It's instant on all the time. I just I I love it. And I feel like the battery life of this MacBook Air might be better than my iPad Pro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

I could see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

It's I tell you, man. I I really this is it's just a game changer. So anyhow, I I think the WWDC,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

I would expect new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

MacBook Pros.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

I I think it remains to be seen what size they're going to be because the the current big MacBook Pro is 16 inch. That's too big for me. I like the small device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

Maybe they go back to 15.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

Maybe they go to 14. Maybe they go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

or they stay at 16 rather. Don't know. I don't know if I would ever go back

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

to a bigger screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

I like the 13. I like the portability.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

The 13 inch was a game changer when I was bike commuting into an office

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:20]

And, like, pretty much all the time when I'm doing something work intensive,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

I have it hooked up to another display.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

Yeah. Now I will say this. The quality of the display you have it hooked up to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

isn't, like, nowhere near the quality of the display on on the laptop. And so I think if you don't have an external display or your external display is, like, really subpar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

then then maybe you do want the 16 inch. Right? Or maybe you're just using the MacBook on your desk. I'm with you though. I I'm hooked on the 13 inch. I love the 11 inch air when they had it, and that was not I don't think it was a very popular model, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:59]

I don't know. So we'll see MacBook Pros probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

My guess is the rest is gonna be behind the scenes stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

Hopefully, something with messages would be cool. Looks like there may be something coming for AirPods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

Yeah. Well, we're due. I think I think the base level AirPods are due for a reboot or, like, you know, a new release. So I I would expect that that is also there's one AirPod in the one exposed ear of this one dude in the in the email announcement. So the only one with ears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

The other two Memojis have long hair. Now you can see the ears on them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

You can? Yeah. The the lady Are with the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

we looking at different ones again? No. No. No. The lady with the blue blue hair, you can see the bottom of her earlobe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

And then the lady with the glasses, you can see a little bit of an earring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

I see. Alright. So you just have to be more observant. Tell if they're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

they have AirPods in or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

Oh, that's that's true. That's true. Yeah. That's right. I I can't imagine that all three would have AirPods, but, yeah, you know, I think from from we always get new operating system announcements. Right? And I don't know what to expect this year. I think we're reaching this point where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

the operating systems are so well polished.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

Like, what what comes next? One thing I have heard speculated on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

is that there will be some kind of food tracking built into iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

as, like, the next extension of the health app, which I think would be interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

It would be interesting, but, like, what percentage of the Health app do you actually use?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

I open it every day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

Well, yeah, but there's, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

50,000 different things that you can track in there, and yours is pretty much tied to your Apple Watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

No. No. I've got a bunch of apps that that funnel data into this. I mean, I use day one, it records mindfulness time. Right? I I do use a food tracking app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

and and it logs in, like, dietary energy into here. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

my scale also logs data into here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

that I step on every day before I get into the shower. I take my I take my blood pressure regularly because I've I've got a congenital heart defect. That also funnels in here. Plus, there's sleep data. So, like, these are just my favorites, you know, there. I've I've got a bunch of stuff that I I look at. Alright. So you use this far more than I do. Maybe we should talk about Apple Health sometime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

We we totally could. You know you know who's had an Apple Health kick? Oh, here here we go. Here's another Headphone audio levels. Right? This is another high I like that one before. The loudness. Yeah. There's there's a ton of really cool data

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

that your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

your device is already capturing. And, again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

I I appreciate this. I think it's valuable insight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

I've I've made active adjustments because I I apparently eat too much sodium, John. I recently learned that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

So Along with the rest of America. Yeah. Well Yeah. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

So you listener,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

if you ever open your health app or let's say if you don't, either way, let us know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

on Facebook, comment on this episode's post, or tweet at us.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

I wanna know if you use the health app or not, if you ever open it. And if so, how often?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

I'm the only one, John. That's what we're gonna learn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

No. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

I think there's there's I think there's a lot of cool data in there, and I think it is mostly meaningful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

if, if you care at all, even a slight bit about your health. So I here's here's another thing that I've got too. Maybe you haven't done this. So you can link your,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

health app to your doctor's office in a lot of situations, and I've done that. And so every time every time I go to the doctor's or doctor's office, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

I when I come home, if I had any tests or any medication adjustments, all of that actually gets uploaded into the health app. Right? So I I I get a notification. It pops up. I see it all there. So at any even moment, I also have an an accurate current list of all of my medications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

according to my doctor, which I think is pretty cool, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:02]

You are the only person who I've ever heard talk about this stuff. Oh, I'm sure that people do this. It's it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

it's all there, right? And so like I in fact, here's another thing I did. I got I had blood work the last time I had my doctor's appointment and I feel like this is one of those things you should have brought up as a life hack a couple weeks back. Oh, I I don't know, man. I just it's I it's just great. Or, like, here actually, here's another real world example. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

So I go and I get my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

my COVID nineteen vaccine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

if you haven't done this, dear listener, you should get your COVID nineteen vaccine. And then after you're done, you should let your primary care physician know because they will put it into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

your chart and track as part of your immunizations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

Right? So I did this. As soon as I left the the vaccine site, I opened up the MyChart app because that's what my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

doctor uses, and I sent my doctor notice or note saying, hey. Got the first shot. Hey. Got the second shot. And, after I did that, they plugged it in. Right? So it's on their file. And then I got a little little, you know, immunization notification.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

I'm showing John my health app. You can see my COVID nineteen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Pfizer vaccine right there on the day it was, administered. So that's pretty cool, you know? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

I I love that this is in there with everything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

I had no idea that you used the health app this much. Oh, man. I'm I'm all about this. I'm all about this. Yeah. But, like, here. Here's my hemoglobin. Right? Again, last last blood work. So and I've got the previous panels in there too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

So I I like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

this is the best way that I know. Here's a five year look at my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

my LDL cholesterol.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

Okay. There you go. This is the best way I know to like see all this stuff because honestly like the MyChart app is not easy to navigate. That's way better than any other experience you'll have on your phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

I mean, maybe there's some health startup that's doing something but. Yeah. No. I don't wanna totally knock my chart because I do think that's a bit of a of a game changer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

in terms of being able to interact with your your medical stuff. But having A lot of your health data Yeah. Comes directly from there. The the other thing too that I think is cool is, like, I right now, all of my all of my care is through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

Franciscan Health here in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

But when I first moved to Indianapolis, I actually did go up and visit Saint Vincent's Hospital, and so I got that data loaded into here too. Right? And I think maybe that's the other nice thing about it is this is this has got all of my, you know, my care

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

connected and I don't have to worry about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

you know, when I leave this doctor, if I ever leave this doctor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

if I'll lose access to my data electronically and having having moved across states and tried to get like my medical file and a copy of it, it's a royal pain in the butt, you know? So this is pretty good. Along with almost everything else in the medical industry. Yeah. Yeah. Here's another thing I do, John. If you maybe you don't know this. So, you know, I bought I bought an Apple Watch series four when it first came out. I have a five now, but I bought I bought a four because of the ECG functionality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

Right? Because again And because of the always on display. Well, that's why I got the five. The four the four I got because of the ECG thing. Right? So so I record,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

an ECG at least once a week for myself and I have for a very long time. So when I go see my cardiologist, I have a whole collection of ECGs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

You know? Like, that's that's also it's just I don't know. I've got tons of data in here, man. Are you your doctor's favorite patient?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

I I highly doubt that. I highly doubt But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

I do like, you know, growing up, I was supposed to take my blood pressure regularly. I never did. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

and this has been the most consistent by having a Bluetooth based,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

blood pressure cuff that automatically syncs into Apple Health. This is the most consistent I've ever taken it. The ECG is like added benefit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

I I found an app. I think it's called like Heart Health or something reports.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

It's a report generator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

that, it's HeartReports, that's what it's called, that will use Apple Health data to create these really snazzy PDFs that I can share with my doctor. So, like, I'm telling you, man, this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

it this awesome stuff. I didn't this is not what I expected to talk about today either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

Yeah. Interesting. I had no idea. Alright. Well, there you go. Now, interestingly, Lucy has gotten all in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

Apple Fitness, right, which is so closely related, I think. Right. And and now, funny thing, she shows up in my Apple Health app because she is a, you know, a dependent or whatever you wanna do. And so I could actually A child device. A child device. Right. So Get it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

So funny. But so shared health data, and now I can go in and I can see, like, you know, Lucy's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

heart rate. And, you know, apparently, seven day exposure to environmental sound levels has been okay. That's good job, Lucy. That's good. She hasn't listened to the podcast too loud, apparently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

you know, I like, this is just another another thing I think is cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

But do you ever look at you got steps in your house. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

I do. Okay. Here's an interesting piece of data for you. There is a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

a metric that tracks in the health app for how quickly you move up and down stairs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

Interesting. You should take a look at it. I move much faster up and down stairs when I'm not holding a cup of coffee or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

trying to text.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

You you should take a look at your your stair movement data. Yeah. I I do lots of stairs throughout the day because my office is in the basement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

and I have to go up and down stairs whenever we take the dog outside. Yeah. So there's there's tons of stuff like that. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

this Apple Watch thing with Lucy has been going pretty well. She started a competition with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

John, she she destroyed me. This is actually the last day of the competition. Let me let me share. First of all, did you know that you could max out 600 points a day on an Apple Fitness competition? I didn't know this. I'd never I'd never reached 600 points a It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:57]

gives you a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:01]

like, you can go up to 200%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

of whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

Yeah. So, again, didn't know. Today I learned. So Lucy, as of the recording of this, this will end later tonight, has 3,640

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

points. I have 2,365

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

points. So she has smoked me. Now on Wednesday and Thursday, she maxed out her points as well as this Monday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

Sunday was the only day that she really kinda slacked off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:33]

So I'm looking at this Apple Health thing and I think they've added a bunch of stuff since last time I opened it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

including

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

double support time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

This is the percentage of time during a walk that both feet are on the ground. A lower value means you spend more of your walk with your weight on one foot instead of two, which can be a sign of better balance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

There's all kinds see, there's all kinds of cool data like that. Like, again, I think Step length? That's huge. Wait. How do they measure step length?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

The so this is the thing. Right? Distance divided by steps or whatever?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

It can't be that simple. I because I'm sure they factor in stride and, like, pace and all that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

I don't I don't ever think of Apple as a health company. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

I I just don't. But they they totally are. At this point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

with the amount of data that they can can get on you and aggregate in a safe in in, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

secure way too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

I I I they're they're doing some cool stuff, and I don't think that any of the competitors in their space, whether it be Garmin or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

Fitbit or whoever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

can compete at the level if you really look into the health app and see what's all going on there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

Crazy, man. You're gonna be crazy. You're gonna be looking at it all night, checking out all the new stats and metrics. So alright. And, listener, if you've made it this far, open up the Apple Health app. Check it out. Just click around a little bit. It'll blow your mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:01]

So that's Apple. We didn't say when the event is, but it's not till when.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

It's June 7. So we we got a little bit of time here. We'll we'll talk about it, I'm sure, when when it happens. Again, I'm I'm expecting some new operating systems, probably some pretty cool stuff, whole bunch of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

you know, changes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

to developer APIs and stuff that most people that listen to this podcast are not gonna care about. However, I am sitting here super excited about what kind of evolution there'll be to the Swift programming language and SwiftUI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

which I think SwiftUI is is like one of the coolest things Apple's ever done. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:35]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

we had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

local food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

A listener talked about locals food from Seattle. Yeah. Alright. So this is my buddy, Eric, that I grew up with. I went to high school with. Actually, I guess we went to to all the schools together, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

we hung out a lot in high school, and he he sent me a link to this place called Windy City Pie in Seattle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

and Not Chicago. Not not Chicago. Exactly. Right? We we use this as one of the examples of, like, things you should not do outside of the region that a food belongs to unless, you know, you're with somebody that you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

and they're they're making it themselves. Anyhow, he basically said, like, hey, this Windy City pie place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

has like really great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

pizza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

and and he kinda like made the assertion that, you know, it's Chicago

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

style and and was like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

I'm trying to remember what his words were.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

Basically, this is good Chicago style pizza and it's obviously not in Chicago. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

if I can get the page to load here. So I'm looking at windycitypie.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:37]

Yep. It looks like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

the picture looks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

authentic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

It does. It looks legit. So but here's here's what blew me away, and I I had to I had to concede on this point with Eric.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

went to the About Us page. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

And this I'm gonna just read this. The the first heading says, our influences.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

If you've only tried a few deep dish pizzas before, ours might seem a little different to you. The Chicago style deep dish taxonomy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

splits into three subgroups. First of all, mega props for using the word taxonomy to discuss pizza. Like, totally cool. First, traditional,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

which includes luminati's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

respect.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

Pizzeria Uno, huge respect.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

Pizzeria Duo, spelled wrong, but still lots of respect. Gyozi's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

Pizzanos, Bartoli's, Pizzeria,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

all good stuff. Right? Next, pan. They list out Burt's Place, Pequod's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

Pizza Barra, and Papa Del's. I think I've had Papa Del's. I don't the others didn't ring a bell, and shame on me for that. But then stuffed, which this is an interesting distinction here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

Giordano's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

The Art of Pizza, Pacino's, Eduardo's, Nancy's. Giordano's is one of my favorite places when I go back home, that and Illuminati's. So again Yep. Respect for for all this. But basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

they understand peace enough, first, to like use the word taxonomy, bold move, but then actually break it down, I think, in an acceptable way and reference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

places that like, if I were in Seattle and I saw this and they're like, hey, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

an influencer of ours is Illuminati's, I would say, okay. You know what? You're not a joker. Right? And Yep. Pizzeria Uno and Pizzeria Duo, like, you call that out? Yep. Again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

am willing to concede

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

that there are places

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

in the world,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

one apparently in Seattle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

that would make a respectable Chicago style

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

pizza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

I I know that Seeing as Eric grew up in Chicago,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

he's a good judge of pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

I think so. I think that's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

I'm trying to think. I like, I've eaten a lot of Giordano's with Eric. I've think I've eaten a Genoese with him too. So, like, I he knows he knows what Chicago style pizza is supposed to be. But but bottom line. Right? I here's here's my takeaway. If I ever get out of my house here after COVID and and fly again or decide I'm gonna take a train ride or a long drive and I make my way out to Seattle long drive. That is a long drive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

But if I ever do it and I make it out to Seattle to hang out with my my buddy, Eric, I this is a place I wanna eat because I'm actually curious if this is as legit as he says. I again, I have no reason to to doubt it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

seems seems like it could be reasonable. So there are there are always exceptions to the rules. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

This this definitely seem like people who love Chicago. If you look at their logo, you'll notice the Chicago four stars incorporated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

Yeah. Like, somebody had it Windy City Pie. So Somebody had to have lived there, I think. Right? Or or they've got some connection because Yep. Yeah, the four stars was a good call out. There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

I don't know. I this this isn't this isn't random. This isn't somebody just stealing the Chicago name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:53]

I also appreciate their indoor dining hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

I didn't even see what those are.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

In the footer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

Only for your reaction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

Yeah. It's get vaccinated, and then we can all have nice things. Yes. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

a great line right there. Yeah. You can't say that in the Midwest. You say it in the Midwest and people get stupid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

Joe Taylor had some foods that it was mostly just New Orleans cuisine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

like, you shouldn't eat outside New Orleans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

What, do you have the do have the text message up? I didn't even think to pull that up. I don't. Where is it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

Gotta scroll. Gotta scroll. Yeah. So so Joe spent a lot of time in New Orleans, and I think I think he is right to assert that there is a bunch of food that is proper to that area. In fact, I think I even referenced some when I said beignets on the last episode, didn't I? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

Yeah. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

foods you must eat local, only good in Italy, fresh mozzarella and caprese salad. I don't know if I buy the fresh mozzarella. Yeah. I don't I don't know that either. I imagine that Italian

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

tomatoes are probably in a league of their own, but Maybe. May I don't know. Maybe. But, like, mozzarella

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

is not a complex food. No. You know? Like, I can make mozzarella. Yeah. Exactly. And By the ingredients. I I I would love to know what he thinks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

Like, to me, this is not about the food. It's probably about the experience. Like, if you're in Italy, right, you're gonna eat Italian things, mozzarella,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

like, you know, good good mozzarella caprese salad. I get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

The other one he list was hot chocolate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

Yeah. I don't get that either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

I don't know. I've never been to Italy though, so I don't I don't actually know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

maybe maybe it was next level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

I think if I were to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

buy this particular claim, I would want to try fresh mozzarella, a caprese salad, and apparently a glass of hot chocolate or cup, mug of hot chocolate before I boarded a plane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

So I would do I would do this like in New York before I boarded a plane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

I would fly over to Italy, and it would be the first thing I eat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

And I would not eat anything on the plane for the entire time in between. I don't know how I do that, but but this is what I would do. So that the last thing I ate and the first thing I ate on either side of the Atlantic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

I could then do a proper test for Now the question is, does Joe Taylor think that that you know, I don't even know. Like, how long is a flight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

to Italy? Twelve hours? Guess would be ten hours. Ten, twelve hours. Alright. Is is that long of a fast worth it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

Yeah. So I think the thing with mozzarella is like not very often do people actually eat fresh mozzarella. I think it was the godfather who always prided himself on never eating mozzarella that was more than two hours old or something like Is that is that right? I don't remember that. I think it's in the book but Oh. Yeah. I can say it in the book. It's a good book.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

Yeah. Mean So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

thinks they like mozzarella because they get a brick and they grate it. Right? But that's not that's not mozzarella.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

That's low moisture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

milk based cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

But you still called it cheese, so there's that. Oh, yeah. I because I think it is cheese, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

So What else? He's got Louisiana, Cajun, Creole, anything makes sense. Get it. Like, I yeah. Totally. And I think if you come to Indianapolis and you try Yat's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

which is like the the Cajun du jour of Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

I think you can definitely prove this statement to be true. You stick to Cajun in Louisiana or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

with someone from Louisiana who knows how to cook Cajun. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

USA soda pop, especially Mountain Dew and Pepsi. Number one, Mountain Dew just isn't good. It's just Controversial right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

Send your emails to. John Paul What's your favorite what's your favorite soda? Do they call it soda in Indiana, Doctor Pepper? I think in the Midwest, it's usually pop. Right? Yeah. But I tend to just call it soda pop because Alright. Then I offend everybody. Soda pop Coke. Then I can I can offend the Georgians too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:50]

don't know what my favorite like commercial one is. I love pretty much all of the Kraft sodas out of Sprecher in Milwaukee.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:57]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

I will I will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

die in a bathtub of Doctor Pepper and be totally happy. Right? Just give me a straw and I'm there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

So Mine might be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

probably Wild Cherry Pepsi, I guess, is what I would go with. Like, if I was ordering a soda somewhere and that was on the menu. That's good. I don't think it's I don't think it's better than Doctor Pepper, but it's good. So that last one Joe lists is genuine Chinese food. So I don't know if I've ever had genuine Chinese food. Yeah. Don't know what this means. Here's what here's what he says though. I've never had it anywhere else, but have not properly explored Chinatowns.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

So, like, does that mean he doesn't eat Chinese food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

in in Indiana?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

Do you have a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

Chinatown in Indiana? No. No. I think there's, like like, we eat the Americanized

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:45]

Chinese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

food. Okay. So I don't I don't think that is Panda category. Panda Express. Yeah. That's fair. That's right. I just I would love some more clarification.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

Like, I think I think a statement like that, you have to qualify exactly what the what like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

I don't know. You know? Is is Szechuan chicken legit or not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

Orange chicken, is that kosher?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:06]

I imagine that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:09]

like with sushi,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:11]

sushi in Japan is gonna be in a different world than any sushi you can get here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

I I think that's probably true. I again, I can't verify it, but I would assume it's probably true. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:21]

But I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

guess the only thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

I don't agree with is the Italy stuff, but I've never been to Italy. Yeah. I think that's a that's a tricky one. I just don't like mozzarella's the hill you're gonna die on? I'm sure Italy's got foods that you wouldn't wanna eat anywhere else. I just don't know that I buy that at Italy. You know, truth be told, right, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

I would treat mozzarella as an ingredient,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

not as a dish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

And and all of my qualifications that I was, like, you know, or the things that we were discussing last time were don't eat this regional dish outside of the region. Right. Right? Like, I I I'm not gonna sit here and say, don't eat this in regional ingredient outside of the region. I think that's a little extreme.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:01]

Yeah. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:04]

more on food later.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

else were we gonna talk about today, Stan? You were asking me I well, I guess I was asking you about your ecobee schedule, and I guess you found this interesting. I don't I don't know why though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

I just wanna know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:20]

so you asked how complicated my ecobee schedule is, and it's not. I used the default settings pretty much, which I did set up. So there's home,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

away,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

and sleep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:31]

And I'm pretty much never away anymore, so I use home and sleep. So I was curious just how complicated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:38]

you guys made something like the temperature inside your home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

Okay. Alright. So keep in mind that I have two Ecobee's. Right? I've got an upstairs and downstairs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

the things that I need from each respectively are different. So as an example, downstairs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

needs to not be cool or heated, right, like, upon the season after I go to bed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

upstairs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

needs to be cooled when I do go to bed, but there's, like, this this just transitory like, transition phase where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

I like, one is gonna be cool off as the other's warming up. So I've got that element. Right? But I can't have them, like, very too widely because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

then the HVAC does crazy things. But but also, like, you think about it. I I get up in the morning. Right? And I have at least upstairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

It's a little bit cool. Let's I got the AC running right now. So it's a little bit cooler, right, until I'm about ready to transition downstairs. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

because I I get out of a hot shower and, like, you wanna cool off and all that. But then it it, like, it actually warms up a little bit for the bulk of the day. And then when I'm getting ready to go to bed, it gets a little cooler.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

And then when I go to bed, it actually warms up just a smidge. So downstairs, it's kinda similar in the sense that, like, in the morning, I come into my office. I'm still, like, I wanna cool off. Right? So it's a little bit cooler. And then midday, it warms up just a bit. But after about 05:00, like, the the reality of this with the position of the sun and also, like, I've been maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:02]

like, chilling in my office where it tends to be warmer. Anyhow, I go into the living room. I want it to be a little cooler.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

So or I don't it's going to be cooler because the office is warm is what I mean. I have the temperature to go up a little bit. So, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

I have my schedule is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

I have a a sleep setting, then there's a morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

There's the home, which is really, the bulk of the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

There's an evening setting, and then there's, you know, back to sleep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

So I've got I've got separate morning and evening segments for both upstairs and the downstairs, and they're they're all different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:34]

Very interesting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

I didn't like, I don't know, man. I never I don't wanna be uncomfortable, and I I'm constantly tweaking these, like, maybe I need thirty more minutes or Yeah. So I'm I'm definitely more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:45]

of a balancing comfort

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

with cost.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:51]

like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

Yeah. No. I mean, that that's also a factor in all of this. Right? And so at least for me, what happened over the winter is I spent a lot of time adjusting my settings to get, like, feeling at the right time without having it, like, be crazy, cold or crazy warm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

And I felt like I finally found it, and I probably should take a screenshot of it before I started messing around with with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

summer because now I've totally probably screwed it up because I've got different, like, time changes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

that are important with the summer one, but I have not found the perfect balance of the scheduling. Now Google Nest people are gonna be like, why don't you just have the computers figure it out? Except Google is creepy, and the Nest is really hard to navigate. I do kinda wish that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

Ecobee had something that was a little more guided, and so, like, I could go in and say bump it up, you know, for an hour now, and then later on, I recommend, like, hey. Do you wanna make these changes to your schedule? That would be nice. I would like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:45]

How many degrees variance are we talking about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

terms of of what? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

over the course of the day? From from sleep to morning upstairs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

Usually, like, three at most. Okay. Three degrees. Maybe maybe four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

I mean, that's significant enough to feel the difference. But Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, Yeah. Like, I'm not and to be clear, like, they don't go it doesn't go from, zero to three. Basically, it's like a it's it's a step ladder. Right? That's why I have the different phases. So I step down to three, and I step back up to three kind of thing. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

Yeah. I don't know. I I probably overthink it but You do? Yeah. And like Who's surprised? What

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

about Evelyn who's always cold? Does does she have any say in what the temperature is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

No. The kids don't. Absolutely not. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

But I I do fiddle with their,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

their vents to make sure that they get, like, the proper balance. So Evelyn's is mostly closed. Henry's is mostly open. I have an extra ecobee sensor in Henry's room, so the HVAC will pump a little harder if his room gets warmer. He's a corner room. I've noticed that corner rooms, at least in this house, tend to be a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

extreme, either cold or warm, etcetera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

Yeah. What are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:59]

I think you do make your life complicated but I think you enjoy it. Well, mean, I like, you know, trying to find that sweet spot. It's always good. Creating problems for you to solve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

Yeah. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

thanks, John. Alright. You got anything else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:15]

Oh, yeah. So I was you sent me this app that talks about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:20]

lets you figure out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

where things are streaming on what app. Yeah. I Basically. Because because you were constantly messaging, like, I wonder if I can watch x. I wonder if I can watch y. I wonder what service z is on. And I'm I'm like Today there's an app for that. Come on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

Today, it was, where can I watch all of the fast and furious movies? Because I saw something like fast and furious nine is coming out, and I think I've seen maybe three fast and furious movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:47]

And it turns out they're an all on one streaming network,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:50]

and they aren't on any of the streaming networks that I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:54]

So, basically, I was thinking, can't Apple just do what they've done with Apple Music and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:00]

I just pay Apple $30 a month and I have access to all the things?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

Dude, I I think they've tried. Right? If you remember back when Steve Jobs was alive, there were a lot of rumors about this build your own subscription

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

system that he wanted to build. We're like, you have a flat fee and then you pick the channels that you want a la carte.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

And the problem is that, you know, you have networks like Hallmark,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

right, or Lifetime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

which a lot there's there's a group of people that really love those channels. Not this guy, but there's a group of people out there, and those are essentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

subsidized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

by my subscription to ESPN or or whatever. Right? Like or or Discovery Channel. Like, they're subsidized by these other channels,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

and the cable networks for a long time have prided themselves on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

the the diversity of different channels. So you can get all those different content depending on who you are. And and in turn, what that means is that the guy like me who only watches maybe three channels and never all in the same day is subsidizing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

grandma Gwynnie and her myriad of cooking shows and and EWTM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

Yeah. All that. Right? Like, I I don't I don't even know I don't even know what people watch anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:11]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

I I think the the problem is, you know, big TV is still a thing, like a very real thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

And these these networks have consolidated in a way in which Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

has not been able to convince them to to jump into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:26]

their model.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:27]

I think But now we got everybody who's starting their own

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:32]

premium streaming services. There's an AMC plus. There's a Hulu. There's All this stuff. Paramount plus and Peacock

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

Network or whatever. I think I it's ironic, isn't it? Because basically, what everybody had to do is they had go out, build their own infrastructure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

serve up all this content. Right? They had to build their own platform for doing the subscription, managing it, and all that. Like, all all the all the components here to make that happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

It's all gonna be different. And in reality, we are going to choose a la carte the channels that we want. Right? And and we all cost us more than a cable package does. I mean, maybe. I think I I don't I actually don't think that's gonna be the case. So here here's the thing. I think there are two types of cord cutters right now. Right? One that didn't want to be locked in to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:15]

a Comcast or whatever subscription

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

and and pay a $150

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:20]

a month. Right? But they do want live streaming television,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

and so they're comfortable with, you know, the $70 a month from Hulu TV or YouTube TV or or whatever. Right? Like, that's that's there's there's a classification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

of cord cutter that I think exists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

that right now is is probably being served pretty well, to be completely candid, because they had stupid expensive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

cable TV subscriptions. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

But then there's then there's, like, another group of folks. I think I yeah. Fall in this I fall in this category. You probably do too. Right? Who have a subset of needs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

for a bit really just on on demand content. Right? Yep. And maybe sports. That's I think that that's the other the other piece. Is a different beast. Right. And and so for us, we're going to pick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

let's say, $30 worth of streaming services.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

I'm I'm now two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

No. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:12]

is it is not two. But we're gonna we're gonna find, like, those two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

and we're gonna pay for just those. And we might come and go from them at various points,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

but that's that's like that model. And the reality is that it would've been better for the consumer, probably better from the technology investment side for these companies too, if they've just gone with the Apple model, you know, from from twenty years ago now or it's not twenty years, fifteen years ago. I whenever it was. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

And honestly, I think I think we do suffer because I am now paying for, you know, like Paramount Plus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

and I'm getting a whole bunch of crap I don't want. Right? Which was the which was the problem originally. That's the thing that drove me away from the Comcast subscription.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:52]

I think that Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:54]

is the closest offering I have seen right now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:58]

to the a la carte

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

offering. Right? Because you can get a bundle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:02]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:03]

ESPN plus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

Hulu,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:06]

and Disney plus, and you can get a really wide spectrum of television at a at a relatively reasonable price. When you bundle those all together, it's like, what, $12 a month or something like that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

think sports is the unanswered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

question in all of this. I think this this a la carte situation we've got is gonna last forever. There's sports, and then there's, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:27]

I just really like movies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:29]

and I don't particularly care who produced them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:32]

Yeah. So there's no

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:34]

like, I can rent pretty much any movie through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:39]

it's Apple Movies now. It used to be iTunes or Amazon Prime Video,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:44]

but then I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:45]

spending $6

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:46]

for a twenty four hour period to watch a thing. So if I do that every weekend, I'm now paying more than I would for a subscription service.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

Yeah. No. That's fair. I I do think there is the answer in that, though. Like, take a look at HBO,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:00]

HBO Max. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:02]

But they don't have all of the Fast and the Furious movies that I wanna go watch through. No. They don't. And like two of them. Netflix never did either though. But but it like Right. You think about the way the Netflix channel or the Starz channel or Showtime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:15]

back in the day, right, there were there were these movies that they had for a period of time and they ran them all day long and so you just had to know, like, when they jump on and watch it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

I I think HBO Max is trying to continue that plus all the, like, Warner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:29]

TV catalog, but but there's a whole bunch of stuff on there. And and so maybe it's a combination of, like, a Showtime and HBO Max subscription for for movie lovers. I'm not saying that's great. Right? I I don't think either of those replace,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:43]

you know, Netflix in its prime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

when when Netflix when Netflix was like the it was the movie place. Right? Like, I went to go watch movies as they were released.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:51]

Or get them mailed via DVD too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

Yeah. Well, that means those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

I I don't know anybody that does anymore. Those days are long gone. No. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

I I I like, again, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

the consumer has probably suffered here. You know? I I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:09]

I'm doomed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:10]

I'm gonna have to go to the library and get a physical disc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:14]

Well, and that's another option. Right? That's totally another option. But if you think about this, right, you know, know, the the thing by not jumping on board with Apple's approach to TV or what they want to do, the like Apple Music, Apple iTunes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:25]

kind of approach,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:26]

is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:27]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:29]

all all all of them had to come out and build their own thing to support their their TV needs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

Once they did that, they realized, oh, I also make a bunch of movies. Right? Yep. Like and why would I now lease those out to Netflix after I've built all this infrastructure? That's that's basically what Disney did. Right? All their all their catalog used to be over at Netflix. They're not all of it, but a good chunk of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:49]

So I think in some respects,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:51]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:52]

they shot themselves in the foot with the the TV side,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:57]

you know, to to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:00]

mean, they didn't shot to shoot themselves in the foot. I'm sure they got exactly what they wanted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:04]

You know, it was it was Disney that helped kick iTunes off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:09]

Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because they had a whole bunch of He was the first one on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:13]

Yep. Eiger was went on stage during the announcement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:16]

and then everybody followed Disney. And if you remember back in the day, Hulu was also kind of like the the big network attempt Yeah. To do this because they used to it used to be what? NBC, ABC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:29]

Was CBS involved in it too? Or was it Fox? Maybe it was Fox. Yeah. It was Fox because Yeah. What did I watch? I watched Revolution or something on Hulu? Something like that. Right? And and now now there's they're all going their separate ways. But that was the answer I think for a while and now Hulu

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:44]

doesn't have I was a huge proponent of Hulu in the early days. And then at some point, like, okay, there's just nothing here anymore. Yeah. So Well, and now, basically, it is is it's the the half of Disney's TV catalog that they can't play for 13 on and under crowd. Right? Sure. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:04]

which which like, I get it. You know, it's probably easier than coming up with parent filtering or whatever. I don't know. But Right. That's still kind of a bummer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:11]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:13]

what what are you what are at now, John? You got Netflix? You got Disney plus? Yeah. I'm gonna cancel Netflix, think. I don't think I have anything else I wanna watch on there right now. I feel like you've been saying it for a bit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:24]

I've got Disney plus and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:27]

Amazon Prime are the two that I've been using. We did finish Buffy the Vampire Slayer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:33]

So, yeah, I think I'm probably gonna pull the trigger on HBO Max. I tell you what, man. As far as catalogs go, I really do think HBO Max has the best catalog available at the moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:44]

So interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:45]

apparently, the whole Time Warner thing is being spun off from AT and T, so I may be forced to actually pay for it rather than just get it free with my Internet. So who knows what the future holds. The same price as Netflix. So Yeah. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:56]

Alright, John. I think that is way more content than I expected for an episode where we didn't have anything to talk about. So I guess that's how it goes. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:05]

Alright. Until next time. Until next time. This is Stan Lennon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:11]

Go get your vaccine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:14]

You didn't wanna tell people to wash their hands anymore?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:17]

Oh. No, man. Like, the CDC says I don't have to.

