---
title: On a Very Special Episode
episode: 121
date: "2021-02-11T14:27:00.000Z"
slug: on-a-very-special-episode/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode 5 of WandaVision is a game-changer, introducing new characters,
  plot twists, and themes that deepen the show's mythology. The discussion
  centers around the symbolism of color, the potential identity of Agnes, and
  the introduction of Mephisto as a possible villain.
keywords:
  - Agatha Harkness
  - Mephisto
  - West Coast Avengers
  - Vision Quest arc
  - Ironheart
  - Stan's gnostic knowledge
  - Dottie's comment about the devil being in the details
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Well, hey, John. How you doing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

Doing well, Stan. I thought you said that you weren't gonna do small talk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

No. No. No. I'm not doing small talk. I was just asking, like, what how is John? Like the essence of John right now? Is John Good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

John is kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

in a routine sort of life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:45]

of not doing much. So there's that. Okay. So when you don't do much,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

do you actually do anything? I play video games now that I have an Xbox Series x.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

Otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

cook,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

do laundry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

avoid the negative temperatures

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Yeah. There you go. You I was gonna say you look a little cold. You're you're wearing a stocking cap as we record, which is different from your usual ensemble. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

the downside of having a dog is the dog still has to go out no matter what the weather is. I've made it through rain. I've made it through snow. I'm pretty sure I told you that. And but this negative 14 degree weather is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

is hard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

Thankfully Speaking of second guess, the dog doesn't like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

being out there that much either, so we got that going for us.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

I should get a dog sweater. He would probably eat through it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

But, I mean, think about think about that, though. Right? You don't like being outside when it's this cold. The currently, the dog doesn't like being outside when it's this cold. Why would you put a sweater that would help the dog be more comfortable outside? Right. Yeah. It's it's counterintuitive. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

dear listener, you are listening to Life With a Twist of Lemon. This is a reminder because we haven't done this for a while that you can review us on iTunes where we accept only five star reviews. Remember, all those non

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

what did I say? You said iTunes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

You know what I meant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

Apparently, there's like a bunch of new stuff coming to the podcast app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:15]

like a bunch of minor tweaks that make it usable. I don't know. I saw rumors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

Yeah. Well, we'll we'll we'll believe it when it comes. On beta anymore. Your four and three star reviews, though, are welcomed on Reddit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

over in the dev null area.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

But Oh, man. You can also find us on Reddit apparently is where it's at.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:34]

Did you buy any Patty's been saying buy any GameStop?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

No. But but I so just before this, before we start recording,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

was trying to figure out how to buy a doggy coin. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

And I I can't do it. I can't figure it out. You can't buy it on Coinbase. So I texted our cryptocurrency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

expert,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

Aaron Finker, and he said Also known as the barbecue rev.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

As the barbecue rev. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

And and he he texted me back that he would help me after he was done with the school board meeting, which is probably just enough time for me to talk myself out of, you know, dropping a few thousand dollars in doggy coin. But why not? Right? What what do we got to lose? I don't know. I have never bought cryptocurrency,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

but seeing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

like, last year at this time, what, Bitcoin was hanging around 10,000.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

It hit 50 this last week. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Yeah. I mean, who knows, man? I I can't keep up with it. Our our friend Fanker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

cryptocurrency,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

guru, Especial,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

is all over this. He's all over different currencies. He's got this little funky device that he carries so that he doesn't actually, keep it with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

the coin bases of the world. I don't understand half of it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

but, you know, it is what it is. Finker always surprises me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

He's got the most fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

interests. Right? Like smoking meat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

and cryptocurrency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

Like, are the two He's big

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

got a bunch of others. Yeah. Well, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

let's face it. He likes Martin Chemists because he looks kinda like the guy. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:06]

Beard oil is also another one of his hobbies. I should ask him about that because I'm running low on mine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

Oh oh, I've I actually have a recommendation that came from I'll I'll channel thinker. Alright. Beard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

Octane Beard Octane. Is a yeah. It's a brand that he put me on to. He actually sent me a sample, like, little Beard kit. What do they call them? Drams? It was Drams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

I I don't know what that means, but that's what they're called k. Of different scents. Because he's all about the scents. Right? K. I what I noticed about Beard Octane is that it actually felt really good. Nice. Like I I noticed an improvement overall in my beard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

Lately, I've been I I have this like tub of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

I think it's balm. I don't think it's butter. I think it's balm from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

Unastamish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

And I'm trying to get through it before I buy beer doctane. But I would I would endorse beer doctane. I think Fanker would. Fanker's tried all kinds of crazy stuff. He's got one that was named after it's the Norwegian word for Thor's hammer. Patrick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

I'm talking about? Sure. Yeah. It's because of the n, ends with the nor. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

he says smells like metal, which actually kind of appeals to me, but he didn't enjoy it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

like, he's he's all in that world, man. He's he's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

Beards Weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

Barbecue,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

and cryptocurrency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

Alright, though. Hey, listen. We all we all have our quirks. Right? We all have the things that we're, you know, knee deep in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

For me lately, it's been comics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

For you, apparently, it's been dogs and snow. And Overwatch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

And Overwatch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

Yeah. How what's what's the, what level are you at these days on Overwatch? So I am inching towards level 51.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

I started off I'm still placed in silver in competitive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

open queue, and I am bronze because we fell a lot. And my batteries died one match, and I was suspended.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

Just queuing as support, so I'm in bronze in my role.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

Okay. So I have not been playing competitive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

the last couple times I've logged on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

I just I don't have a problem with competitive. I just like the kinda laissez faire of the quick play. It's more fun. And also, I win more. I was spectating your last game, probably. I think it was your last game, and you're getting better. Yeah. How was that? Getting better at using cool downs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

There you go. Don't use fortifies when you're standing behind your shield. It's good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Well, I the only time I use a fortify when I'm behind my shield is when somebody is coming behind me, which just happened. But yeah. Yeah. No. I'm kinda learning my character. I'm I'm really reluctant to try a new character at this point, which is probably not great, but I I feel like Yeah. I think that I'm learning the more characters you play, the better game sense you'll have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Well, as far as, like, how the other like, to defend against the other characters, how to attack them and things of that sort. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and that that video that you sent me was actually helpful. The YouTube, like, crash one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

and not a three hour one, so you're good. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Yeah. So for those that don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

I have a very short YouTube attention span.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

When a video gets past ten minutes, I'm lost. I'm gone. I'm I just I don't stick it out. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

if if it's under ten minutes, I'm good to go. Have you you ever heard of Twitch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

Twitch.tv?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

the thing where you watch video game people play. Yeah. Apparently, this is a thing where people literally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

stream

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

themselves playing video games for, like, six hours at a time. I don't know if people watch this for six hours at a time or what, but I was overwhelmed. Tell me you you just discovered Twitch? I so I, like, knew Twitch was a thing. I didn't know that people played video games full time on Twitch to make money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

Yeah. It's a big deal. And if I recall right, Amazon actually owns Twitch. Yeah. Right? I have no idea. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that's right. So.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:00]

Interesting. Well, John Amazing, man. I'm glad that you have the Xbox. I'm glad that you're finding something to do in your nothing time. I don't know how we got here, Stan, because you were talking about reviewing us on Apple Podcasts. Our last review was 07/04/2020

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

from your very own Lucy Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

Yep. My daughter. And I didn't even pay her for that one. That's the beauty of it. Well, she was probably mowing at the time. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

Probably. Yeah. Actually, so she's taken up to listen to the podcast as she falls asleep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

I get texts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

either late at night or first thing in the morning with questions and comments. There's still a lot of interest in John Colmere taco poetry. It was a tortilla, but okay. Tortilla. That's what I meant. Sorry. Tortilla poetry. Tortilla is part of a taco. I was like, I was in the right A burrito. Realm and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

Yeah. Well, alright. Alright. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

There's interest in tortilla poetry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

Specifically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

there there have been questions asked like, you're the tortilla,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

was missus Kollmeyer the meat?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

Or, you know, like, what what was how does the analogy all break down?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

I think you've you've mentioned that you're not sure that you have the tortilla at all. Do not. Missus Kollmeyer does, she tells me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

But she's the one who will have to share because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

I it was for missus coal miner's eyes only.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

So and that's fine. I get it. But you could write a tortilla poem about the podcast. I will say

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

comparing myself

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

to a tortilla was not a good thing because tortillas are flat and empty and yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

Now a burrito is full of stuff, but I did not compare myself to a burrito.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

man, there's so there's so many ways this can go. We should probably just get to the the the topic of the hand today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

It's good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

Did you watch WandaVision episode five? I did and I only watched once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

Okay. Alright. So first of all, spoiler alert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

This is week five of this. If you haven't if you haven't picked up, we are talking about WandaVision on Disney plus. We are gonna talk about what happened in the show. We are also tonight probably gonna talk a little bit about episode four, three, two, and one just because these things are all building on each other. If you have not seen it and you care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

right, the important qualifier there, maybe put this on pause, go watch it, and come back. So we're gonna go into more detail, and it's actually been reviewed revealed in the show

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:27]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

the layman like me. But I've I do wanna start off this segment by two things two of the three things that I said

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

in our group chat with my father-in-law, Mark Buto. One

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:39]

was that I liked the episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:41]

and three was the level of detail at which Stan watches these things is exhausting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

and now I know how he feels about how I approach video games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

couple things. You did not like, when you've ranked the episodes, episode two is still at the bottom of the the list. Correct? I think so. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

Alright. So I before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

or actually, it was after episode five. I went back and I rewatched one through five back to back to back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

I had not rewatched any of the episodes in their,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

like, as as a single unit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

I screwed some stuff up last week on episode four, so I felt like part of it was necessitated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

I actually did a Disney watch party with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

listening to the show Joe Taylor Nice. From episode two to five. Yeah. It was kind of interesting. And so we were able to, like, live text through it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

Where was my text message, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

I did not think there was any universe in which you were gonna wanna watch, rewatch all five episodes with me. Why?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

it didn't cross my mind. So next time next time I do a binge watch of I just can't do it initially because missus Colmire watches and she gets home, like, at five on Friday nights. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

Yeah. And we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

it is not uncommon for me to watch that over lunch Right. On a Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

But so episode two, what what struck me as I went back through I agreed with you a 100%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

that episode two was the weakest writing. Episode two is what made me want episode four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

so badly. That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

now knowing all that we know, I actually think episode two is really significant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

It's it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

it's all subtle. Right? It's not very in your face about it. But what struck me this time through is my hypothesis at this juncture is that in episode one and two up until the very end of the episode, Wanda does not actually know that she's in the hex.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

At the end of episode two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

so in episode two, I think you see this, like, progression where she's becoming aware. Sure. At the end of episode two, I think she realizes it, and that's when she applies color to the hacks, and the the Got the screen widens up Yeah. On

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

Yep. And so, I think the other thing that became clear to me is, if you look at some of the dynamics with the characters, some of the things they say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

where you see whoever they actually are coming out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

it confuses Wanda. And that that happens throughout that episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

And so I I I really do think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

this episode two is about letting you know that what is happening

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

at at until that point is passive for Wanda. And at the end, Wanda takes charge of her situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

and she's gonna embrace it. Right? And so then, we get into episode three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

and the difference between three one and two is that Wanda is now an active participant in what is happening inside of the hacks. She's accepted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

this environment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

And I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

I think from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

there on out, we're left to to almost like we're we're kinda led to put all of this on to Wanda. And I think at the end of episode five even, they want us to suspect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

that all of the Hex creation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

is Wanda's. And I don't think that's true based upon one and two now. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

episode five, just a quick recap from last week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

I argued with you about whether or Westview was a real place. I was dead wrong. Thank you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

Westview

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

is legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

You had said that there was a missing persons case that led them to Westview.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

completely true. I add something to the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

Yes. You do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

You indicated that the the folks outside of Westview,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

their their minds were, like, manipulated to think that Westview wasn't real.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

I don't know that that is crystal clear, but I suspect that that's probably exactly what's going on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

That's fair. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:43]

episode five, you did not care for four because it was a huge shift from the perspective of the show. Right. We rewound time. So Right. I watched four twice. So the first time through, I did not like it at all. Then I gave it another shot, and I saw the value in it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:59]

But I still think it was a lazy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

switch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

whereas episode five

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:06]

fixes that completely from my point of view.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Episode five was much more interwoven in terms of the storytelling from the two sides, because you basically have inside the Hex and outside of the Hex. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

So the context of this episode is the eighties. I've seen at least three different shows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

that have been alluded to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

as far as, like, what they're they're mimicking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

I I no longer believe that these episodes tie one to one with a sitcom. I think it's it's an assortment of them, probably for licensing reasons Right. Quite honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

But, I I think missus Lemon said All in the Family was was the one she spotted. What was the, like, title sequence based off of? Because I hadn't seen that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

I think I think that's the one that missus Lemon said was All in the Family. It could be. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

And am I remembering that right? All in the family? No. It's not the one I was thinking of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

Oh, this is no. Not all in the family because that's the bunkers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

Growing Pains. Missus Lemon can overhear me, and she texted texted me, growing pains was the Thank you, missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

Wow. She can't hear me. Real time correction right there. So later. She

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

has not been on the podcast yet. Not this episode. Apparently, I left my door open. I didn't realize. So the the other thing is I think there were a couple of Full House nods, in particular with the way that Elizabeth Olsen was dressed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

I that just, like, spoke to me as Full House. I think that's just a, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

a comedy nod at that point. Right? Because her sisters obviously were And Agnes too, I think, was like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

uncle Jesse sort of persona right at the beginning there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

I could see that. I could definitely see that. I could definitely see that. So we've got this nineteen eighties context.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

We also have this huge revelation, which I think finally resolves a question we had, which was Vision's body was stolen. Was stolen from a me. I was gonna say shield, a sword lab.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

Did you notice though that in the lab picture, Vision's all in pieces? I did not notice that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

Yeah. He is not a single corpse. They are actually, like, pulling him apart. It looks like they're analyzing him. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

she has taken all of the pieces of Vision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

back to the hacks, apparently, and either her or somebody else

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

has put them back together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

My suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

is that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

because I don't believe that Wanda knew what was going on in episode one and two, I don't think start to turn back time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

The beekeeper was episode two. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

It was. Yeah. And the episode one was just a helicopter. I don't think that she sensors out anything in episode one. There was no there was no time rewinding. There's no, like, cognizance of what's going on as far as I can tell in episode one. So two, you've got the rewind and then the exposure of color. And again, I think two is about her progressing to knowing what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

Three, she's she's in the driver's seat. At least she knows this. I don't think she knew she stole Vision's body.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

I don't think she was the one that put Vision back together. Interesting. So I think who whoever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

is responsible for the hacks, and I have some theories,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

is ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

who put Vision back together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

We've got the twins. We got them at the tail end of three. Yep. Right? But they're growing crazy fast. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

They they jump to five, and then eventually to 10. They get a dog,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

which I think is a as a nod to the the comics, because Vision actually has like a robot or a synthesoid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

that he makes at some point. But that dog doesn't last long at all. No. That dog is is dead before the end of the episode. Yes. But I actually thought they did this really well with the tieback to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

kinda, like, these moral quandaries

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

these sitcoms

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

run into. So the dog dies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

and the twins want to grow up again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

And Wanda has a great line, and I don't have it on me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

dear. That whole discussion, though, has a double meaning. Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

we know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

Right. Exactly. So so the boys basically ask her, like, hey, can you can you raise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

the dog? Can you, like, resurrect the dog? And and she basically says, like, you know, you you don't you don't mess with death. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

Except she has. At least it seems that way Right. Up to this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

I think it remains to be seen how much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

awareness she actually has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

about vision, but lots of meaning all packed up in that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

And, you know, I think it was a little bit of a cheap shot to kill a dog, but I understand why they did it. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

So there's another bit. We've got this Agnes character who Also played a role She in the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

did. Right? The dog ate her Azaleas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

and she presents the dead dog back to the family. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

This lady though has some awareness of what's going on in the universe. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

This was like completely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

apparent in this episode. I think it's alluded to in the past,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

but Definitely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

Definitely. In fact, in the previous episode, or I guess it was episode three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

there's a conversation between her and Vision, where she talks about how Geraldine's not from here. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

She doesn't have a home, is how they describe it. And here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

we get the line, shall we take it from the top? Because the scene's botched. Yep. And what's interesting to me about this one is, did you see how confused Wanda was? Yeah. That was interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

I don't think Wanda knows that the broadcast is going on. I don't believe that Wanda is part of the broadcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

And I think I think this little reference from Agnes, besides showing that she is not being manipulated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

by whoever the author of the hex is, is also to show that Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

is is a little detached from this TV broadcast. That's my suspicion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:47]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

if we go back to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

episode four, I guess,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:53]

there's the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

big bang radiation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

and then there is this other signal that contains the TV broadcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:02]

right, kinda within this radiation signal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

So Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

That could lead to maybe two different people are involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

Or or who's ever, like, authoring the hex if it's not Wanda is responsible for this TV broadcast. What what role the TV broadcast has, like We don't know. I don't know. The true material. I think it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

it could be. I think more than likely, it's for the entertainment of the author of the hex. Interesting. Right? Like, I think this is someone who is manipulating the situation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

for their pure entertainment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

It could be a variety of characters. I've got one in particular that I think it is. We'll get there. So kinda like what we do with the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

Exactly. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

So interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Wanda clearly has a concept of what's going on. Vision though is also catching up. He's just a little behind the eight ball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

We have this, I think, really significant scene for a variety of reasons that happens at the office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

You're pointing at me, and I'm trying to figure happens in the office?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

At the office?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

Yeah. When Vision's at the office, the first thing that happens is They get email

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

because Email. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

But the email is from Sword. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Right? And it is a clear confirmation to Vision of what's happening. He taps the computer. It, like, shorts out or whatever. And he glows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

And he glows. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

that Vision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

received

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

some kind of computer program in that email. I think that was more than just a message.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

I would love to think that this is like a little more Jarvis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

downloaded into his synthesoid brain, or some of the context that he lost. That's what I'd love to think. I don't know if it'll be that, but that's that's what I'm hoping for. I mean, you gotta imagine that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

Sword is still using Stark tech. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

Oh, abs I mean, who isn't? Right? Everybody has to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

But then he turns to Norm, and he zaps Norm's brain, and we get what we think is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

unhexified

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:02]

Norm. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:03]

A normal Norm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

A normal Norm who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

doesn't quite seem very normal. Right? He seems freaked out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

He seems in distress. Yeah. And and I I have a theory about this too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

Wanda is experiencing or has experienced an immense amount of grief. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

She

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

has lost her brother in Age of Ultron,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

at least temporarily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

She has lost Vision, her love, and then she got blipped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

Comes back, Vision's still dead, doesn't survive the unblipping. Right. I think that she, within the hex,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

is channeling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

all of this grief

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

to the other people in the hex. So she's unloading it on them. I think that's why they're in pain. Interesting. We heard a little bit of this. There's an allusion to it from Geraldine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

The most there's a little bit from Dottie too in episode two, which I think is significant, like, she's uncomfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

Right? Even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

the dinner scene in episode one, why are you doing this? Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. All of that, I think, shows that there is some kind of, like, there it's painful to be in the hacks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

Right? Painful for everybody but Vision,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

who is dead,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

and Wanda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

who I think, again, suddenly doesn't have all of this grief that she's been carrying with her. I think it's been displaced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:25]

deep, Stan. And that is all I hate so far, we are all contained in the WandaVision

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:31]

universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

Yeah. Speculation from all that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

We'll we'll make a jump at some point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

Again again, I think I watched episodes one through five again and seen it all together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

There's just a there's a ton of subtleties Yep. And there's nothing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

accidental about the MCU. That's what I have to constantly remind myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

Right? And so I I get to a little bit more where I think some subtleties translate into hypotheses,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

but the the end of this episode or the pseudo end sort of kind of is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

one actually stepping out of the hex. Yeah. Right? Because so so Geraldine and I think this almost breezed by so fast that it was easy to miss. Geraldine gets this theory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

what could make it into the hex and not change. Yep. Did you pick up on this? Because I didn't catch it something from its own time. So in the time that doesn't need to be altered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:26]

Yep. I caught it. And and the illusion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

we first get it with that cable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

Right? Right. It's kinda teased with the helicopter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

but it's not really You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

don't get that you get that more in episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

three, I guess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

or episode four. And it's it's more clear with the beekeeper when we find out that he's actually in like a containment suit and he changes over, that line steps back, and we find out that these things stay changed as they go back outside the Hex. Yep. She discovers Kevlar in the dress that she was wearing Yeah. Because was wearing a Kevlar vest when she went in. Yeah. It was. I thought I felt like they moved so quickly through this that it was hard to realize that they were using a drone from the eighties. I didn't even know they had drones in the eighties. Surely did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

I I guess. I don't know. It's to me, it's all like dagger darts and, you know, one zero four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

jets and things of that set. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

she thinks that this will not change when it goes through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

and so she's able to communicate with Wanda. Yep. Wanda boy, she tick Wanda off. Want

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

that at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

I was trying to think, when have we seen that level of rage from Wanda?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

After her brother dies?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

I don't think so, actually. I I guess, no, she does with Ultron. Yeah. It's not immediate. Like, it's it's a little bit after that progression. It's that last Ultron that she kills,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

and then endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:49]

And so we know that this rage exists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

This is a much more controlled rage and a much more targeted rage. So she emerges from the hacks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

What's your feel on this director guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:02]

I don't know. I always have a problem with these directors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

So director or Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

I mean, think about your agents from from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Agents of Shield. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

So we have we have a ward. That's that's a character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

It begs the question, is this a brother or somebody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

from the MCU? You know what I'm talking about. Right? Agent Ward? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

The guy with the black hair, jet black hair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

Daisy 11 season one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

Exactly. And he goes full on Hydra. So I don't know if there's any relation. I don't know if we're gonna know if there's any relation. Yeah. Gotta think if there was a relation, they probably would have kicked him out of sword. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

there's a similarity of name, and something about this guy doesn't pass the sniff test. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

I mean, that goes back to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:52]

when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:57]

when she comes back, when she blips back, and all those scenes around when she goes back to sword

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

and it's like, we're grounded and there was no one else. And yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

Something's just a little off. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

he tries to shoot a missile from the drone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

that also upsets Wanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

Geraldine, aka Monica Rambo, doesn't know this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

Basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

though, Wanda comes out and she threatens all of them to leave her alone, and she ignores

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

the statement that those people are suffering because of her. Yep. And then she does something that I thought was really fascinating right before she goes back into the hex.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

Do you remember?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

turns

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

up all of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

guns onto the director.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

Exactly. And when else have we seen that, John? We have seen that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:49]

in x men.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

In x men. That's a Magneto move. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

I don't wanna jump the gun here because we got one last thing to talk about from the episode. But in the comics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

Magneto

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

was the father

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

of Wanda and Pietro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

In some versions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:07]

I don't know how comic Well, lore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

it got retconned. In comic comic book lore is like something happened, and then you, like, discovered some new fact, and you erase this whole chunk, and you you chug along. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

But that was for the longest time, Wanda was a mutant. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

And her father was Magneto. Now, we have an origin story for for both of those characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

But I couldn't help but think that at the very least that was a nod to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

her Magneto origins. I don't know if that's how it shakes out. I'm I'm thinking it probably won't, but the Internet's definitely blowing up about it. Yep. Now That was with that. Something that you would find just from WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

No. But But hopefully, everybody's seen x men, because that is, like, the beginning of the superhero movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

Exactly. And I I think I think that it even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

being unaware of the Magneto origin, you see those guns turning the way that they did, the way that she controlled that, and you think about Magneto doing that in that X Men movie. Right? That's the first X Men movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

Who knows? Also important in that scene is she pretty much ignores

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

Monica.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

Not ignores She does. But, like, she doesn't picture it as a threat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

Right. Right. Which is also interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

We know that Wanda has some,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

tele

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

telepathic abilities. Right? She's she's Yep. We don't know that she can read minds, she can at least manipulate them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

Monica alludes to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

So right after this, we get Monica

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

there's, like, this little debate that goes on with Darcy, and I guess agent Wu is there about the extent of Wanda's power. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

Darcy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

talks I think it's Darcy. Right? Says something like, she would have killed Thanos if it wasn't for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

the whatever. Oh, no. No. Monica says that, and then Darcy says, well, Captain Marvel came along. And Monica's reaction is like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

she would have been just fine if she hadn't gotten, you know, hit from above or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

And there's this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

I don't know, not happy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

emotion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

kinda directed in the way of Captain Marvel, which is really odd Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

To me. Because the last time we saw them the last time we saw Monica Rambeau, she's a big fan of Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

So I don't know what the story is there, but I think we're gonna unpack some more on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

And then the final thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

of the episode is her brother shows up at the door. Did you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

recognize this guy at all? I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

Only after Darcy said that she recast Pietro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Recast Pietro. Yeah. Which was sort of funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

This is by far the most significant moment of the episode. Yeah. Were you were all jazzed about this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

I was losing my mind. We've been waiting for this moment. Right? This is Disney bought Fox. They got access back to their whole catalog of the X Men.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

In the X Men, there's a character called Quicksilver,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

right, who is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

the Scarlet Witch's brother. Yep. If you remember the beginning of this episode, they actually make fun of the fact that Wanda does not have a nickname, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

in the MCU is true. They've never actually referred to her as Scarlet Witch. This is part of that whole, like, licensing headache

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

between the two. Right? And when Pietro was in Age of Ultron, they didn't call him Quicksilver.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

this converges,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

and the recast comment, I think, is funny, but the significance here is this is the first moment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

of that X Men universe colliding with the MCU. Yep. Which is gonna be huge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

It's like, the significance of it cannot possibly be understated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

because Marvel has literally been holding back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

on characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

on, like, classifications of characters like mutants. Yep. They've they've changed particular story lines to avoid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

licensing agreements with Fox, and that's starting to unwind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

I don't know if they will go so far as to introduce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

actual x men in this show. I'm suspicious of that. I don't know if they'll go so far as to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

say that the Scarlet Witch is a mutant. I think they're gonna actually call her Scarlet the Scarlet Witch before this episode's done. That's actually what I'm hoping for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

But we'll see, man. I this episode five was a big freaking deal. A big deal. And it was well written, unlike episode four. It was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

it was hard it was hard to step away from episode five. And here's the other thing. So I have been neutral on this show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

up till this episode. I actually have not I've not said I like this or I dislike this show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Episode five did it for me. Episode five has me in the camp of this show, you know, as as a story as a whole. And I think these five episodes together are exceptionally well done. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

Alright. I will tell you Let's talk about I was a believer from episode one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:06]

When you told me, I don't think you're gonna like this, and then I surprised you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

You did. You did. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

it's interesting. It's definitely more fast paced than the other Disney plus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

dedicated shows that we've watched and analyzed. You didn't like Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

This is orders of magnitude more fast. Yes. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

One other interesting reference, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

that scene where they're talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

Wanda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

after she comes out of the hacks, she references an aerospace engineer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

She's she's gonna text an aerospace engineer that she knows. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

we're led to believe we don't know who this is. I have been thinking a lot about who this could possibly be. My instinct was Reed Richards, mister fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

right, as an aerospace engineer. I think this could be a way in which they kinda, like, subtly slow roll the Fantastic Four into the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

But then I got to thinking about it, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

a big it's a big jump. Yeah. Right? It's a big jump.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

There's this boy genius named Amadeus Cho,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

who,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

his mother is Helen Cho,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

which is the, the Korean lady who does the crazy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

like, skin grafts in Age of Ultron Right. Who actually uses the Vibranium. That's his mom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

Right? So we've had, like, a little reference to her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

That's a possibility. I can't say that I came up with that one on my own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

Friend and listener of the show, Joe Taylor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

suggested this could be a way to spin out Ironheart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

which I think is really interesting because we know that there's an Ironheart show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

in the works in the MCU. In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

the comics, Ironheart is introduced alongside Tony Stark, he's dead. Right. And she is a child prodigy at MIT.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

Aerospace school?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

So that's the one I'm leaning towards right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

I will just say I I think the only thing I know for certain is that an aerospace engineer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

means we are going to get another MCU character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

that we're gonna get great story content built around. So for that reason alone, I think it's worth getting excited about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

Yeah. This is kinda crazy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:14]

because who would have thought

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:16]

that this kind of stuff hits

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:18]

in a Disney plus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

first season nine episode run.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

Oh, this thing's packed. It's totally packed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

I talked a little bit about color. I was I meant to say this. When I was reflecting on color, I think there's there's two aspects to this. One is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

Wanda herself applies color. There's like this reddish hue that lingers on Yeah. After episode two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

Right? The other thing though is as I was watching rewatching episode two, Dottie cuts her hand,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

and you see red blood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

The only other thing we've had in color up to that point is that little helicopter. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

So I think that there is something about color and reality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

Like, the things that are actually real,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

and they haven't been created as part of whatever's going on inside the hacks. Then when Wanda becomes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

she knows that what's going on, that's when the show moves to color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

Yeah. I think it's all tied up. Right? Like Wanda has the ability to change matter. We know that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

And I think it's a combination of, like, these are the things that actually exist,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

and also Wanda's cognizance, and that's that you're seeing the buildup of color in that way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

It's it remains to be seen how it all plays out, but that that's my that's my hypothesis So at this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

definitely got sucked in a little bit more than I was anticipating with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

episode five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:47]

This Agnes character Yeah. Now we jump into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

Stan's gnostic knowledge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

Yeah. Right. My my knowledge from the from the comics. So Agnes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

resembles a character named Agatha Harkness, who is actually a witch from the Salem witch trials that in the comics will mentor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

Wanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

And I think that Agnes is probably that character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

A good swath of the internet agrees with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

There's so much of this show thus far that resembles the West Coast Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Vision Quest arc. I've mentioned this in the past. And at the tail end of that arc,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

in in kind of the same stretch of episodes, you get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

Agatha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

I I think that that's what they're playing off of. So I don't know that I don't, at this point, think that Agnes is the author of the Hex. I think she's in cahoots

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

with someone who is. Got it. And that's someone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

there's been a lot of speculation about. Most of the Internet is leaning towards this character called Mephisto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

who is essentially like a devil. Right? He plays mind games. He messes around with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

Wanda's headspace in the comics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

I I suspect that that's where this goes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

There's some other really interesting takes on it, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:01]

just we'll see. So I'll I'll I'll put This is why we got hexagons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

I think it's related. I definitely think it's related. I also think so there's there's some other interesting references.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

Right? You get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

in that episode two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

you have Dottie making this comment, the devil is in the details, and Agnes goes, that's not the only place he is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

Right? I think that also could possibly be the illusion to Mephisto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

It's something I definitely did not pick up on Right. Just the first time watching.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:30]

Interestingly too, do you remember the bunny's name from the talent show? No. The the it was mister Scratchy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

Right? And scratch, mister Scratchy, doctor Scratchy, like, there's there's a whole bunch of, like, devil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

lore tied up in that name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

So it's possible that's also a reference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

If if you catch Agnes has this comment where it's like, he likes to be the star of the show. Yeah. Right? You're referring to the rabbit. That's also very much Mephisto like. So there's a whole bunch of, like, little subtle references that now that I've got Mephisto in my brain,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

they they look like they're related. I can't tell if it's causation or correlation, but I think we'll find out. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:11]

So is Mephisto our next Thanos?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:13]

Like, when Thanos was introduced at the end of whatever movie it was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:18]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:19]

with his face. I had no idea who So it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

Yeah. I don't don't think he'll be that big of a character because I don't think he's that big of a character. He's not that big of a villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

I've heard some rumors and and again, friend of the show, Joe Taylor has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

hypothesized that Doom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

might be the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

the bad guy. I think if that's the case, then yeah, they probably play this off into a bigger arc because, you know, Doom and Reed Richards are gonna do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

you know, rounds on each other in whatever happens. I think he's an inevitable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

that's a funny reference. Inevitable. I am inevitable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:55]

Than Thanos slime. I think he's an inevitable bad guy in the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

Whether or not they kick him off here, I think probably depends upon whether or that aerospace engineer is Reed Richards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:05]

Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

Last thing, just to put out there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:09]

I've been trying to wrap my brain around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

what's going on with Vision's corpse, because he has a level of sentience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

that I don't think Wanda could purely animate, especially, like and I and I think that's confirmed for us when he starts to question her about what's going on. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

So I think he's probably been reanimated in some way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:32]

How, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

could be another interesting avenue. In the comics, there's a lot of overlap between this character called Wonder Man, aka Simon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:41]

and the original Human Torch, and Ultron, and Vision. Right? And there's specifically with Wonder Man,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

there is there's a like a imprinting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

of Wonder Man's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:53]

brain into Vision, and then eventually, when Wonder Man is raised from the dead, Vision's brain imprinted back into Wonder Man. And then at Vision Quest arc,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:02]

Vision's brain actually gets wiped away by the government,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

which is also another really interesting angle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

And Wanda wants Simon or want or Wonder Man rather, to imprint his brain back onto Vision. So there he's he's almost got like a twin in some respects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

Wonder Man himself has a brother. I don't see how they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

bring in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

something like Wonder Man

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

into into the fold here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

It also could be through the Ultron Avenue, which I think is still something that probably I I've told you before, I don't think that's closed. Right? Right. I don't think there's any way they killed every Ultron

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:39]

unit In all at the end of age of Ultron. Yeah. It would like, that would be a missed opportunity if they did kill them all. Right. You know? That's that's not how Ultron works in the comics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:49]

But Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:51]

And all this, we're still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:53]

sitting and waiting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:55]

to see the Black Widow movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:57]

must

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:58]

not bring anything into the MCU since they push it off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:03]

But what's the next phase of MCU look like?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

Well, we know that this is going to play into Doctor Strange, and there's a lot of overlap between Doctor Strange and Spider Man. Right? That's what we know for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

We've we've got the Eternals that are out there. We've got Shang Chi, which is out there. There's a number of interesting characters. Ironheart, I already mentioned, Miss Marvel. There's another Captain Marvel. We've got the other Guardians of the Galaxy, and we've got Thor Hanging out with them. Love and Thunder. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

So, well, there's that. I think what's gonna happen there here's I I think we're gonna see the Guardians in Love and Thunder. I don't know that we'll see Thor in the next Guardians. That's my that's But my hypothesis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

I think we'll my my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

gut says that the MCU is going to focus on whatever story line they're building up right now, which is the story line that plays into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

Doctor Strange and has tie in with Spider Man. That's gonna bring in some other characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

just like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

happened with the, you know, the previous phases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

I mean, you think about the way Vision got pulled in, Scarlet Witch got pulled in, Falcon got pulled in, Black Panther got pulled in. That's gonna happen. Right? But I think you've got that that sort of trajectory. I think you've also got this trajectory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:16]

with Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:18]

and the Guardians of Galaxy, whatever's gonna go on there. Like, I think that's another another line. They're gonna converge eventually, but that's that's gonna be a separate line.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:25]

I think the thing that remains open for me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

is what's going on with Carol Danvers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:31]

Right? Miss Marvel's gonna be part of that. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:34]

You've got that Skrull invasion TV show that's coming. That's probably gonna have some overlap, I would think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

in some way, maybe. You can only hope. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:44]

you can only hope. You love them. And and there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:47]

I I do. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:50]

I I really do. I really do. So Cree I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

Scroll Scroll Invasion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:56]

the comic series, which is only like a I don't It's like a six or seven episode run, is a really great piece of Marvel Comics. Like, it's just a great story, great graphics. I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:07]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:08]

So But still, Black Widow, what? Just an origin story that's way too late?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:13]

I don't I don't think it's an I I don't know. We'll have to see. I don't think it's an origin story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

I can't figure out where it happens in the timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

It has to happen before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

endgame. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:25]

Does it happen during the blip?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:27]

I I don't know, you know? I think there's a possibility that it happens in that window. It has to happen before the before the end game You would think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

Events. Yeah. Otherwise, they gotta raise her from the dead. I do think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:41]

I'm gonna mess up her name. It's not Red Widow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

Her sister that you see in the trailer Sure. Is another character that I think they could potentially use, like, spin off in this movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:52]

That's what I'm hoping there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:54]

But if they do spin her off and it happens before Endgame, where was she during the battle for Earth, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

Lots of challenges there. So I don't know how that all shakes out, but Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:05]

I guess only time will tell.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:07]

And I think we need Patrick Sturtevant on again at some point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:10]

Yeah. I I was actually thinking we should bring Patrick back after WandaVision is done There you go. And and cover

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:17]

all nine episodes together. That's what I can't I can't believe it. We got four more episodes to A whole other month of this. When does the next one come out? Because we're gonna not have anything to watch for a couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:28]

Yeah. Yeah. That'll be we'll have to go back to talking about milkshakes. When does

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:32]

we saw the trailer during Super Bowl,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:34]

Falcon and the Winter Soldier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:37]

That's March 15. Right? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:40]

think that's right. There were no huge new revelations as far as I'm concerned. No. I did see that Sharon Carter is in one of those clips, and I'm excited about that. I think she was a great character, and I'd love to see then flesh out Sharon Carter some more. So And actually officially add her to the MCU?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:57]

Yeah. Well I guess she was in the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:59]

Yeah. You're you're thinking of Adrian Carter, who's also actually in the MCU. Okay. But Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:07]

Hey, man. She was she was in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:10]

let's see. Captain America. Winter Soldier, Captain America, and she was in Endgame. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:15]

So there you go. That's probably as much as Pepper Potts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:20]

I don't know. The more I read about Gwyneth Paltrow and what she thinks about the roller, doesn't think of the roll, like, I don't need to see Ed Pepper anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:31]

I I will say, I I don't think she's the right person to do a spin off on Rescue, which is the character that she presents in Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:38]

But it would be pretty cool to have Rescue. And maybe they're gonna take that that that, like, direction with Ironheart. I'm really excited about Ironheart. I think having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

like, so as as a dad of of two girls. Right? And I I got a son too, but just speaking about the girls.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:55]

I I love Carol Danvers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:58]

I I love the Scarlet Witch. I would absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:03]

to have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:04]

a female Iron Man,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:07]

Iron Woman, Iron Heart. Right? I want that character. I want the character so bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:12]

I'm excited, John. Yep. I'm jazzed up for Marvel again. I guess we wait until this Friday to see where WandaVision takes us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:20]

Yep. Alright. On that note, my friend, I think that's enough Marvel for one night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:28]

Alright. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Somebody must be listening. I don't if you've seen the numbers lately. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
