---
title: Stan's Christmas in September
episode: 62
date: '2019-09-12T21:01:49.000Z'
slug: stans-christmas-in-september/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The Apple event highlighted significant upgrades to the iPhone 11 series,
  including improved cameras, faster processors, and enhanced machine learning
  capabilities. The new devices also feature a longer battery life, faster
  charging, and a more affordable price point. The event was notable for its
  emphasis on AR and VR capabilities, as well as the introduction of new colors
  and designs.
keywords:
  - iPhone 11
  - Apple Event
  - Machine Learning
  - Camera Upgrades
  - AR/VR Capabilities
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So every year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

in September,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

kinda feels like Christmas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

Why?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

Well, because that's when the iPhone event happens. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

Ah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

And I get all my toys in September or so it seems.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

Or October.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

Yeah. Or October. That's fair. But I feel like the big toys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

or the best toys, the ones that I use the most,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

those tend to come in the month of September.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

Yeah. Yeah. What's your what's your favorite toy that you currently have? We'll get there, John. We we got some we got some other follow-up before we get to the big event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

Right. Alright. One of those episodes that my sister's not gonna listen to. Probably not. Liz, hang in there. She does have an iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Yeah. Liz, you care about this. Alright? Right. Just just hang in there. Yeah. Hang in there. Do it for your brother. Alright. In in other news, so, I think I told you Henry has started Little League.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Yep. And this is so disruptive to the schedule. It's it's unbelievable, like, the amount of time commitment involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

And, it has really upped my game in terms of fast food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

So I actually have the Wendy's app installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

I'm not proud of it. Wendy's app? Yeah, man. You can you can plan your order out and then click and like go pick it up. They don't you don't have to talk to anybody. It's it's amazing. Actually done?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Yeah. The food was when we got there. That's or you mean the app? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

Like, the food being done. Like, the somebody's actually monitoring us and Yeah. No. No. It's it's all legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

I I attempted to use the Taco Bell app today, and that did not go as smoothly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

So I've had a lot of hamburgers lately. I felt like I needed to mix it up, so I I did Taco Bell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

I got my order all prepared. I went to log in. I already have an account, and they prompted me to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

reset my password.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

Was two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

hours ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

I'm still waiting for the email to reset my password at taco bell dot com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:31]

Did it go to your spam folder? Nope. Check that. Check that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

That email Ideas one. Just hasn't shown up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

And I knew it was bad when they said that this email could come in the next ten minutes. It's like, okay. Wait. Wait. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

is somebody typing this up by hand? Like, how are you doing this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

You've written some,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

password reset algorithms,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

so you kinda know how this works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

Yeah. I mean, there's not there's not a lot of excuse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

There's not a lot of excuse for a password reset email taking that long, period. But Yeah. So finally, I I just gave up. I was like, alright. We're just gonna drive to the Taco Bell. We got in line.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

We waited.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

We waited.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

We waited.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

We go to place the order,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

the first sign that my night was going to get worse was when I ordered a taco with the cool ranch Dorito shell,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

and they told me that they were discontinued.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

Ouch. Yeah. I think that's, like, the best thing on the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

I I don't know. Are you a are you a cool ranch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

or a nacho cheese guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

So for the Doritos Locos tacos, I guess I usually go nacho cheese. But if I was just to buy a bag of Doritos, which I also haven't done in years,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

it would be Cool Ranch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

See, once a year, I go buy a bag of Cool Ranch Doritos. And Is that in September too? Overindulge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

No. Not. No. Usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

honestly, usually, it's in the winter for reasons I can't quite explain. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

so I wasn't able to get the Cool Ranch Dorito

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

taco,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

which messed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

with me, John, in a deep and personal way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:10]

Sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

So then I ordered they got, like, this mini

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

chicken quesadilla,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

and Evelyn doesn't like the chicken. She doesn't like the chipotle sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

So I order it with no chipotle sauce and no chicken, double the cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

They not just have a cheese quesadilla on the menu? Not a reason to like thing. Yeah. They got, like, the big one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

It's a whole thing. So here's the thing, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

Like, if I ordered without chipotle sauce or chicken, you still cook it, don't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:41]

You would think so. Yeah. Lucky cheese. Yeah. You you would think, like A nice crispy tortilla.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

Yeah. No. It was a cold and cooked tortilla with shredded cheese packed in it, and they wrapped it up, and they never cooked it. So we have some listeners that don't know you very well, but usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:59]

in my experience, the Lemon family eats very well. Usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

stuff made at home, fresh ingredients,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

things like spicy chicken tiok and things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

So it's kind of shocking first that you would go to a Taco Bell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

Well, like I said, man, Little League has kinda messed with our schedule.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

My, my fast food budget is considerably higher for the month of September while

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

Henry has games. Once once this is I'm looking forward to this being done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

for so many reasons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:32]

I noticed that you haven't been out bicycling either. So is the scale showing all this fast food consumption?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Thank the maker. No. So here's the thing. We've got he's got practice. He's got games. And then when he's not at practice or at games, we're out back throwing the ball around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

I'm pitching to him to hit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

So, you know, like, I'm No. He's on he's on one of those all star travel teams. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

in prime to be starting lineup for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Are you kidding me right now? No. No. He's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

he's just in a he's in a seven, eight year old team. It's I mean, it's it's fun. It's completely fun. It's just intense, man. It's far more intense than I realized.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

Alright. How

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

long does that go? It's kinda weird to have a fall baseball league, isn't it? Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

it goes till the October.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

It is yeah. Fall ball is a little unusual, but it's not unheard of. So Got it. Trying it out. You know? Gives him something to do. He asked to play, so we we threw him in the deep end.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

What did you get from Taco Bell if they didn't have your taco? Actually, I ordered your number six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

Number six? Yeah. You you said because I so right right before, right, I texted you, I was like, hey. What do you get? And you said you get two chicken chalupas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

Yep. And then apparently, it comes with a taco. I didn't realize that, but I gave the taco to Lucy, and she really wanted the cool ranch one. She went with nacho cheese. It was fine. Whatever. Got it. But what I did not do is, I guess, you get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

some weird cheesy potato concoction?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

Stan. And again, Taco Bell is one of those places that I have not been to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

I've been there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

in Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

I have not been there since the one Taco Bell closed down because they found a meth lab in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

That I mean, it seems on on point for Taco Bell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

So here's the thing. Then I got nachos and cheese, like, just the chips and cheese because, man, I don't know what it is about that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

nasty looking cheese that Taco Bell has, but it is absolutely delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

I'd agree with you there. Yeah. I spread that in everything. Actually, I almost got it put on the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

chalupas, and I've decided that next time I will, I'll cancel out the cheese, and I will cancel out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

sour cream, and I will just get the liquid cheese and then not do chips at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

There you go. Sounds reasonable. Yeah. Now There's probably like a copycat cheese sauce recipe that you can find online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

I don't believe that you can make that without a a lab.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

Do you think you can make that without a lab? Like, that's not that's not natural cheese. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

Right. It's like it's like whatever It's a cheese product, melted cheese product. It's whatever Velveeta

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

is. I'm sure of it. Except Velveeta tends to be sweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

This Yeah. Kinda like a sweet Velveeta y taste. Ugh. Yeah. I don't care for it either. I can't remember the last time I had Velveeta.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

It's way too way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

I was gonna say it was way too long ago, but as I sit here and think about this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

as long ago as it was, it was still too recent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:36]

Alright. Enough Taco Bell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

I bought a toy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

You bought a toy? Yeah. You know about my toy, my technology? No. No. No. Oh, yeah. So I think I think last time I we talked a little bit about my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

my woes with Mac OS Catalina.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

I've gone Uber extreme on my backup,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

procedures,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

And I went out and I bought a Western Digital

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

MyBook Duo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

which is a beautiful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

and and perfectly fine external hard drive, but it is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

the right machine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

for time machine over the network.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

I did not have a great experience with that. We'll just kinda leave it at that. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

the the drive, it was in a RAID configuration. So I had it in RAID one, which means that when you write a file to it, right, it writes it on both physical disks. And the thinking there is if one disk dies, you get the other disk to recover.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

You know, it it's Right. The likelihood of the disk dying, probably low, but still better safe than sorry. Right? So after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

my first complete time machine backup, which took, like, three and a half days,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

it told me that, hey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

it's not you didn't encrypt your your backup. I'm like, why why wouldn't you tell me that at the beginning of this? So then I wiped it and I went to do it again. And something weird happened where I was trying to erase the disk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

remotely and it would reset the entire network.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

Oh, wonderful. Yeah. I don't know if it, like, just basically DDoSed my router or what the deal was. I was like, that doesn't seem good. So I unplugged it, hooked up to USB, formatted it, hooked it up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

and I synced the whole thing again. Again, another three and a half days. I'm I'm into a solid week now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

And that rate configuration tells me that it's like, it's out of sync or, like, a bits are not lined up or or something. Right? And so it had to rebuild the index, which basically means, like, if a file exists in the left drive, but not on the right drive, it moves it over and vice versa so that they match. So the whole time another three days. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

it never it never finished.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

It never finished. And that was the point where I was like, alright. I'm I'm calling calling it. I'm done with this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

So I I think it probably makes a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

drive to just plug into your computer and do something with. And that's fine if you've got a desktop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

but I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

I want a wireless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

time machine that has some speed to it. So ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

I did what I've been talking about doing for the last seven years, and I went and I bought a Synology, which Synology makes network attached storage, NAS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

which is like a it's like an external hard drive for your network on steroids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

It's a pretty expensive piece of equipment, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

it's beautiful, John. You should get yourself a NAS. I'm telling you right now, you would not regret it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

So a lot of my stuff still lives in Dropbox. I know that you swore off Dropbox a long, long time ago. I do keep, like, photos and stuff just on an external drive,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

so that would be a good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:45]

a good opportunity to introduce a NAS. Do wait. Just a single external drive?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:51]

I do. So what happens if It gets backed up to Backblaze once plugged in. So What what happens if that drive dies? The only thing you've got is Backblaze?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

I know that you have, like, five different places you back up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

Well, I mean, I keep everything in iCloud, right, my documents and whatnot. I keep all my photos in in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

iCloud as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

But I do back everything up to Backblaze, and then I back up everything to Time Machine as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

Now is it only your stuff or does

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

missus Lemon stuff get backed up? No. I mean, she's like so she doesn't want her own user on this computer because she doesn't use it that much. Got it. We tried that for a while and it was actually more of a hassle than not, so so we didn't do that. So when she wants to do something, she just logs on and and does it. Not a big deal. So everything gets covered there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

She doesn't have her own computer. She's got an iPad and she's got an iPhone and they back up the iCloud. All the photos are there. So, you know, the the stuff that we would, I guess, say share,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

that's covered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

know, I I probably should I one of the things that I constantly struggle with is the fact that iCloud's photo library does not have any concept of a family. Right? So we have family sharing an iCloud. We share our music, all this other stuff. Right? But there's no way for us to share

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

all of our photo library.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

it's annoying. It's really frustrating. And I wish that I wish that Apple would solve that because then I could also just back up all that stuff. Now, I I will say, in my experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

iCloud and photos has been unbelievably reliable, and I have little to no concern there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

Well, good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

I highly recommend the Synology, John. Just for anybody that has,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

like, cares, I ordered a seven eighteen plus or seven eighteen. I don't remember if there's a plus on, but it's the 07/18 model. Seven eighteen. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

And, it's just a two bay, so it's it's just got two drives. That's it. I went with the seven eighteen over the two eighteen, which is a similar two bay model because the seven eighteen allows me to hook up an external

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

unit to expand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

the capacity in case I ever take this to the next level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

this has been great. I got Western Digital Red NAS drives for it. I actually had to order those on newegg.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

Amazon was out. Interesting. I logged in to Newegg. Every address except maybe Seymour was on there. Every address that I've had since college was in my Newegg address book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

So that was interesting. And now it's complete again. Yeah. We've been a fan of those WD red drives for a long time. Yeah. I mean I mean, so they the thing the thing with a NAS, right, is they tend to run your hard drive more. And a hard drive, like in our laptops, right, there's just there's solid state. There's no moving parts. Right. But solid state does not give you as much storage as a a platter, a spinny is what they sometimes call them. And because they're moving parts, there's more heat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

and they tend to wear out faster. Right? Because they're they're moving. And in a NAS, they're running a lot more than if they're just in your computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

the the whole red NAS deal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

is designed to basically handle more vibration, right, more more motion, more movement in that that platter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

and then last longer. So they got better warranties too. These drives are each individually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

warrantied up to three years, which is, like, really good for a hard drive. Yep. You can you can go pro and then they'll actually warranty them up to to five years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

But, you know, I mean, I they've they've been reliable. I've never had a red fail on me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

You know? So Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

Cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

how old is your Apple Watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

How old is my Apple Watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

What was the Apple Watch? Zero.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

Yeah. It's old. I got it over Thanksgiving one year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

It was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

five years maybe or four years. It's pretty old. Do you ever do you ever notice how old it is? Like, it slow or?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

No. I really haven't noticed anything. Occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

if I'm trying to pull up Strava,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

Strava will hang.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

I'm not sure if that's a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

Strava problem or a watch problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

I I don't I don't know. I I don't use the Strava app on the the watch. I don't really use apps on my watch, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

your watch is old, man. Like, super old. Indeed. So you got the lemon leftovers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

Right? That was my first Apple Watch. And, John, I've got great news for you, buddy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Yeah. As soon as you drive down here, you're gonna get a brand news, brand new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Apple Watch Series three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

my my series

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

cracked. I had a a hairline crack on the screen. I did notice that I went swimming. Thing overheated or whatever. I don't even know what happened, but it never worked after that. Well, suddenly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

Apple has done an Apple Watch repair program for this particular type of screen crack that I had. I took a chance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

I went up to the Apple Store, John, and they submitted. I got the email tonight that they are going to replace it. And I don't have any reason

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

to have an Apple Watch series three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

So, John, I'm gonna give you that watch, buddy. Upgraded lemon leftovers. I mean, this is the best way to get an Apple Watch. It's, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

it's not bad. Just just remember me when you're when you're rich and and famous. Alright?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

Hey. You're kind of beating me there. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

I don't know about famous,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

but infamous. No. I'm I'm yo. Oh gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Here here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

So on the Apple kick, did you watch the Apple event today? This is the I watched the majority of the Apple event. Okay. So this was my whole, like, it's Christmas in September thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

The the September event

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

and the launch of the iPhone is is like it's just I don't know, man. I I always get excited. I block my calendar off. I watch the whole thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

and I usually buy something. Like, that's usually how this goes. So which parts of it did you watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

So it started right about when lunch started for me. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

good friend,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

occasional listener, Aaron Horn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

brought down his laptop and had it, and the other people who we usually play Euchre with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:26]

made fun of us relentlessly for being Apple fanboys

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

and being part of a cult.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

So Did you now did you still play Euchre or no? We did still play Euchre eventually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

Okay. Alright. So Euchre is also kind of a cult in the 415 Building here in Cedar Rapids. I'm I'm not gonna I'm not gonna sit here and judge, but I I won't disagree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

you watched so the so the the series or the sequence first of all, this is an interesting event because they started off by saying that they weren't going to do their usual updates, which is basically the health of the business. Right? Like Right. Revenue So many apps sold. Yeah. All that. I can't remember the last time they skipped over that, but they said they had a lot they wanted to get through. And these events typically are two hours. I think today's actually clocked in at an hour forty. Hour and a half. But Hour and forty. It was it was jam packed. I mean, there there was a lot that they announced,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

you know, varying degrees of, like, interest, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

So you would have seen the Apple Arcade announcement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

Yep. Right? So Apple Arcade coming, I think this month at for for $4.99

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

a month. For the whole family, Stan. Yeah. That means whole all five people in your household.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

I Yeah. Don't know that we'll get that. I don't know. I I'm not gonna rule it out, but I I don't know. Are are you gonna do it? You're more of a gamer than I am. Not anymore. I've never been into mobile gaming.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

I will say console.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

They demoed with Frogger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

and I was a little Cool. Yeah. I was a little bit of an asshole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

So can you imagine that with, like, asteroids or space invaders? Oh, yeah. I mean, it would it would be epic. It'd be epic. So the titles all look pretty awesome as far as I can tell. Yeah. They had some big names in video games like Capcom and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

Konami and stuff like that. Yep. Yep. So, you know, I mean, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

I'm interested. I'm not much of a gamer myself, but, yeah, I might try this at some point. Maybe over the holidays when I get a little little downtime and it's too cold outside to enjoy the outdoors. So Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Next up was Apple TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

which they announced, like, six months ago. They never set a price. They never set a release date except in the fall. So we know now it's coming, like, what, November?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

It's before that. It definitely beats the Disney plus launch date.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

Oh, you know, I didn't even put two and two together there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

Oh, very clever. So not only does it beat the Disney plus launch date, but it also beats their price

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

Yep. At a whopping $4.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

And the icing on the cake is, apparently, if you buy an Apple device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

now, you will get a year of this thing for free.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

So I think what they're trying to do is get people locked in to their content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

as they're upgrading the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

Right? Yeah. So, I mean, it's it's a smart play, and it's probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

it's probably the best play against what Disney has done that can be done at this point. I think it remains to be seen whether or any of Apple's content is any good, though. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:31]

Yeah. I mean, Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:33]

TV plus is all Apple content, and I mean, Disney is all Disney content, but we're talking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

all of the Pixar movies minus Toy Story four, which will come next year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Yeah. So Disney plus. Right? You got a century's worth of of content,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

most of which is pretty fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

Plus, you got Fox now because they bought all that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

Apple Apple can't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

Apple can't compete with the catalog bit, but I don't know. I don't think they need to either, though. You think about it. They're they're competing against HBO,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

and they they priced the snot out of HBO.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

Yeah. I think that their ideal customer is definitely the customer who would subscribe to HBO or something like that, just based on the stuff I've seen. It everything we saw was live action. None of it was animated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

in in terms of all the previews. I at least I can't remember anything that was animated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

So I think they're definitely targeting that, you know, movie like quality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

TV show that is serial in nature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

And, you know, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

cool. Let's let's see what they got.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

Yep. Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

John. Next up was the iPads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:47]

Are you gonna get subscribed to Apple TV plus? I guess if you get a new device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

If I get a new device Free. I I suspect even if I weren't going to get a new device that I would probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

try it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

Yeah. Just to see what I mean, like, quite frankly, at four ninety nine, I've spent more at Starbucks on a Sunday afternoon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

you know? Yeah. So it's it's worth to me trying it. I guess the question is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

my extremely cheap friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

do do you wanna join my family?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

Is I mean, is this something you've have no no interest in anything I've seen so far. I'm sure that once people get in there and start watching, there's gonna be talk about, like, the next greatest show or something like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

and we'll see. We don't even know the full catalog at this point either. So Right. It's, I mean, they got a lot they got a lot to get out and make visible between now and their launch. So it'd be interesting to see what all materializes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

Next up is the iPads. So I just bought a bunch of iPads. I have no desire for a new iPad. This is a new base model iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

which explains why I was picking up the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

the iPads I got for both Sara and on Prime Day. And then the ones I got for the kids subsequently were so darn cheap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

It's because, you know, they were trying to burn through their stock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

You have been talking about buying a new iPad for a while. Was this The thing is I don't even use my iPad currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

Because it's old. John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:17]

That's definitely a possibility.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

Yeah. I don't know. Like, right now, have no desire to go out and buy one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

but I'm sure that if I did buy one, I would use it at home all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

So I I think you would love this device. This this was a great refresh of the base model iPad. They had made this thing so stinking competitive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

I mean, if you're sitting there thinking about buying a Chromebook, you should take a look at an iPad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

first, in my opinion. This is a Yeah. This is a fantastic little device, And I think it's becoming harder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

for Apple to articulate why you should buy a Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

if you're not legitimately a Pro user. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

I when it comes to the iPad, I'm not really a Pro user, but I've got an iPad Pro. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

love my device, but I I couldn't, at this point, rationalize buying it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

This I mean, this got the smart connector this time around too. I mean, it's just a bunch of really great upgrades. This was a solid, solid entry. And $3.29

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

just cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

That's kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

the early on. Wasn't the price right around that with the base model?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

I don't think the iPad base model has been that cheap in a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

Yeah. I don't I don't I I remember the first iPads being pretty expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

We'll have look that up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

Great. This actually, here's the thing though. Here's what I was thinking about today when I was watching this. At $3.29 or $2.99 if you have a you know, if you're eligible for the Ed discount, which I think missus Kolmeier would be, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

As a teacher? Yeah. So She could use a new iPad, probably. Well, there you go. So here's the thing. I am 99%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

sure that my first iPad was more expensive than this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Yep. So, you know, like, they're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

they're going after the kind of the economy of scale,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

get more people, you know, absorbed in. I I dig it. I, you know, I I still I like the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

you're you're undecided. You you don't know if you're gonna get one or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

I am undecided at this point, but that could be a good Christmas gift idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

There you go. Now we're talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Alright. So I mentioned you're getting my Apple Watch Series three. You're not getting your Series three, the replacement for my Series two. You're not getting my Apple Watch Series four, John, because I'm gonna trade it in. Because I'm getting an Apple Watch Series five today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

Oh, yeah? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

So what does the trade in get you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

Actually, it's a pretty uneventful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

update,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

truth be told. So Yeah. Real quick, just because I was researching this while we're talking, the original retail price of the first iPad was $499

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

Ah. For a 16 gig model.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

Right. Apple Watch Series five, not much changed except that the screen is always on. And Which is pretty cool. It is. That's the one thing that I have wanted for quite a while. So I'm gonna take the plunge. I'm gonna trade mine in and, get a little bit of a discount on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

the new version just so I can have always on. I don't there wasn't really anything interesting about this Apple Watch announcement, in my opinion Right. Other than that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

now how far did you make it? Did you get the watch, the iPhone 11, and iPhone 11 Pro? I did. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

iPhone 11 seems to me like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

nice upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

They got some new colors. I think the big feature that stood out to me was their two x zoom out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

So this was the theme. Right? They've they've been upgrading their cameras. The two x zoom out means that you will see in your picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

more of what you see with your eyes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

when you're fully zoomed out. So I I don't know. What did you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:54]

Yeah. I think that pretty cool. I mean, I'm still on the iPhone eight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

so I am several models behind at this point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

and you know how I am with phones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

I'll hold on to my phone until it dies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

Well, how how's the battery life doing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

Battery life is great. Last me all day. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

So that was another thing that stood out today. This, has got, like I don't know. It's, like, five hours longer than the iPhone 10 r or something. Yeah. The battery life Not if you're playing those Apple arcade games, though, but they don't tell you that. No. They definitely don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Battery life was a big theme today. The price of this one was $6.99 at the base, which I I thought, you know, as far as iPhones go, it's a pretty good good price. I believe they knocked it down $50 from the 10 r last year. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

kind of surprising considering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

their costs have got to have gone up with all the tariffs Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

So I I I don't know. That surprised me. I was actually expecting prices to go up this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

They they changed the naming scheme on this line, which I thought was good. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

the you know, they do an s here every other year with the iPhone. So it's like the speed bump. Right? And this was the iPhone 11

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

because we did the speed bump last year. But last year, had the 10 r, 10 s, and the 10 s max. Too many. Yep. Yeah. It was it was weird. So now we got the 11, the 11 Pro, the 11 Pro Max. I wish they hadn't called it the Max for the big screen. Like Right. You think about it when you you buy a MacBook Pro, you don't say like, it's not a separate model. It's not labeled separately for 13 inch or 15. And I kinda wish they done it with the phone, but, you know, whatever. I get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

The screen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

was pretty impressive. They're doing a whole bunch of crazy stuff. It's they're calling it the Super Retina XDR,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

which Right. I I don't even I don't I don't know what all that means, but it it looked cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

Three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

cameras on this thing. Again, cameras were a big theme today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

Added a 13 millimeter lens. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. It I dude, I tell you what, man. When they were showing off the 13 millimeter lens, when they were showing off how they could take three pictures simultaneously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

Yeah. Record video simultaneously from each of the lenses, I thought to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

this is this is pretty slick. Like Yeah. The camera stuff was insane.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

that's the killer feature for sure. Yeah. And the video stuff improved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

like, the night mode stuff, the low light camera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

shots,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

you know, pretty amazing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

And I was watching this on my four k television, and I I can't even imagine what it looked like on my laptop. Like, the the four k TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

oh my gosh. There was so much detail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

It, the colors were just unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

No. It was crazy. Like, they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

they handed this phone to people who do this for a living

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:47]

and know how to capture things. So there's some of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

But just the stuff that they were doing, like the guy walking through the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

street at twilight with a flashlight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

that's not easy to shoot if you've ever tried to shoot anything before. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

Yeah. This I think the camera's at a whole other level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

Yep. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

I mean, I I I can't even I words can't do justice. Like, you literally have to watch on a screen that can handle a four k worth of data to see how amazing these shots are. Yep. So I think as far as killer features go, that's pretty cool. Like, I get it, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

These also had extended battery life. I think the the 11 pro has four hours longer than the 10 s,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

I mean, in the past we've gotten like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

thirty minute gain or an hour gain or something like that. This is four hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

Yep. It's just crazy to me. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

I I don't have battery anxiety myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

I I can't, like, I'm gonna upgrade, right, because I'm I'm on the iPhone upgrade program and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

can't even imagine what I'm gonna do with all that battery juice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:05]

Yeah. I don't know. You don't have on this list the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

new chip in this Pro, which was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

crazy cool,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

and I think a lot of people probably lost that because it was very technical stuff. It was very technical. So the a 13 bionic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

it's actually in the eleven and eleven pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

Okay. So they have the same the same chipset. They've got different sensors and and whatnot. But but this processor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

one of the things that they talked a lot about was the machine learning aspect of it. And this is when I think they got super nerdy. But basically, I I think I summed this up in one of our our group chats.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

They've built this processor to do the type of computer science y machine learning stuff, right, where computers are making decisions about you. They they've they've designed this computer to do the kind of things that, like, Google does in the cloud

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

in the palm of your hand. And they've done that so that they can keep it private.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

Right? So when you wonder, like, okay, Apple is already leading the charge in mobile silicon. Right? The chips that are in these devices, why do they keep pushing it? It it really it's a privacy play, and I don't think they talk that up nearly enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

I I love it. I I like, that's what they've done in the world of microprocessor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

development is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

They're there's they've got there's no competition for them at all. Intel's not doing it. AMD's not doing it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

None of the Android,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

system on chip makers are doing it. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

Apple's just crushing it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:33]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

they kinda showed off this stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:38]

really with game demos. I mean, if you wanna push the edges of technology, go with high graphic games and big worlds and stuff like that. But do you think that there's a series sort of play here too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

I mean, there could be. Like like I said, the they touted a number,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

the number of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

operations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

per second or something. It's like a trillion. I I don't even remember what it was. It was absurdly high.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

you know, some of that is gonna play into games. Sure. But the other part of it's gonna be, like, Siri. It's gonna be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

you know, facial recognition

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

on your photo library or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

you know, asking Siri to pull up pictures of purple dogs and it finding the one purple dog in a sea of a million photos, you know, that that kind of thing. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

you know, Siri is their their AI for all intents and purposes. It's the the decision maker that gets exposed to the customer, and and all of this plays into that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

The the more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

they can handle from a machine learning standpoint, the more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

independent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

and intelligent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

Siri can be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:51]

They didn't talk about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:54]

VR and AR a whole lot this time around, but some of this video stuff you think for sure plays into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

the VR and AR stuff that they talked about at the spring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

event. Yep. Yeah. I mean, you know, recognizing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

what is in the field of view being able to do things about it. Like, it's not just it's not just a graphics processing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

thing that has to happen. You have to analyze what you're looking at. And that, again, that's machine learning. Right? So being smart about what you're looking at and being able to infer and and not send it to the cloud and share it with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

Apple's data centers. Like, that's that's why these chips are are getting more and more impressed or impressive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

and, and powerful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

Yep. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

three last things on the iPhone 11,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

and then we'll we'll call it quits on the Apple event here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

Price was a $100 less than last year. So again, price reduction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

really kind of surprising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

Pretty cool if you ask me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

New cases,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

the one that surprised me was the clear case because they've not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

I I don't know. Like, I I can't remember the last time there was a clear case, if ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:59]

Right. I'm a little intrigued. Like, I I could I could possibly see myself doing I mean their case. Yeah. I could see that too because the iPhone itself is this beautiful device, and I got my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:10]

OtterBox

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

on here. Makes it clunky and not an overly sleek awesome device.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:16]

So but it protects it from breaking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:19]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

Well, speaking of which, they they touted the strength of their glass quite a bit in in all of this. I think there was probably a complaint that they heard a lot of. I I know I had problems with my iPhone eight breaking, so I I haven't had any issues with my 10 s. Knock on wood. I always buy the Apple case. I just it's low profile and and this is pretty nice. I I bought the leather ones last couple times, but I I might try the clear one just because I'm really curious. I wanna see the device. It is a it is a beautiful device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

I I don't know that I think the 11 Pro is as beautiful as previous iPhones. Yeah. I mean, the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

the camera block

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:56]

on the back is kinda bulky,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:59]

and it's probably worth it for functionality.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:04]

But, yeah, it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

I don't think it lives up to Apple design.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

It's it's got a weird look. I actually don't like the color. I like, even the space gray one, it just looks, I don't know, dull to me. And I know that they said they were doing a matte finish, but I'm I'm curious to see this in person. It's just not as beautiful to me as the 10 s. The 10 s is a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

beautiful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

you know, piece of hardware.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

the so the 11 had a bunch of really cool colors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

and the 11 Pro has the weirdest gold. It's got, like, a Yeah. It's not rose gold, but it's got, like, a a reddish hue that comes out. It's got the space gray. It's got silver, which almost looked white to me. Yep. And then it has midnight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

green.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

Oh, I didn't see that one. Yeah. So it's the fourth color. It's a new color to the the pro line. And and I I don't know. Like, first of I didn't like, what is midnight green? That that's a color. I've heard of midnight blue,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

but not midnight green. So I I don't know what to make of that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

I I also just don't think it looks good, to be honest with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

They had their their project red or code red, I can't remember what it's called,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

only is in the 11 model. It's not available in the 11 Pro, which again seems weird to me. I would have loved I I would have loved a red phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

yeah. I don't know. Did you find the midnight green? I did. Only it yeah. The pro is ugly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

It's just I don't know. I don't know what it is. I I really liked the lilac colored 11,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

but I don't I didn't like it enough to give up my OLED screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:43]

So my OLED screen, I will never go back to a normal LED

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

liquid crystal, whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

now that I've had an OLED. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Probably the thing that the Internet was the most excited about was that they've changed the preorder time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

This was comical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:03]

to me. So they were excited about this? So I've never been one who actually ordered things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:08]

at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:09]

the minute that they're available. I know that you have stayed up late to do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:15]

Our friend passed a board card has stayed up late to do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

I so just to clarify, I don't usually stay up. I set an alarm, and I get up about ten minutes before. Got it. So historically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

better or worse. Yeah. I don't know either. I'm not I'm not proud of this particular aspect of my life. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

they've done it at midnight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

Pacific time, which is this is 3AM for us East Coast folk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:39]

And I shouldn't say East Coast, Eastern Time Zone folk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

And, they moved it to 5AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

So it's that's interesting, right? Like, that's that's 8AM here. That's like a reasonable time. I could do that. I can handle that. So the whole Internet rejoice though. It was it was quite comical how excited people were about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

I imagine. Wonder why. Well, I imagine it's just a volume of sales thing, right? Like this is a better time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

to ensure that like you get a better distribution of sales across the country. That'd be my guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

I imagine population

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

wise, the Eastern Seaboard has more than the West Coast, but I I in terms of people, who knows? I I don't know. I I I feel like this is probably a good play because I have definitely heard a lot of people complain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

about the twelve or the midnight Pacific

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

order time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:32]

Again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:33]

never ordered anything when it came out. I don't think that even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

I went to a, like, Harry Potter book release at midnight. So I once, before you could order them online, I did once stand in line for the iPhone four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

starting at, like, about 03:00 in the morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

Nice. Yeah. I love my iPhone four. That's a oh, that's that's a great device. That was a revolutionary device. That that was a total game changer, that one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:56]

Yeah. But I kept mine for, five years. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

teach his own, John. Teach his own. So anyhow, that was the Apple event. Big deal. I I'm excited. Like, there was definitely a lot here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

Some things were definitely more exciting than others. You know, the 11 pro camera, obviously, way more exciting than the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

Apple Watch Series five, but, you know, I'll I'll take what I can. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:18]

Hold in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:19]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:20]

how many of these things are you ordering? Phone, watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:23]

That's it. Phone and watch. And then subscribe into the Apple TV and Apple Arcade?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

I'm not gonna do the Arcade out the gate. And, the Apple TV TV. I won't need to because I'm getting a new phone. Right? I I I signed up for that iPhone upgrade program.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:36]

So I'll, I'll just kinda rotate my device and go from there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

Do you have the four k Apple TV,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:42]

like the hardware? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

That was something I expected to see an update today that we didn't get. Right. So I I don't know what the deal is there. Mine could probably use an update. Mine is very old,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:54]

like six years old. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:57]

I I kinda got forced into the four k upgrade

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:02]

because I had a four k television and I felt No. Foolish not being able to watch all my content. But I still have, like, the old UI for Apple TV. Oh, you got a really old one then. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You should take the plunge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

You know, we could we could do a whole another episode about, plug in TV boxes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:22]

I am looking forward to the Apple TV app on Roku.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:25]

I don't think that's been released. They mentioned it, and then it's, like, kind of disappeared.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:31]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

I I like Roku. I default there. I still think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:39]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

a place for the Apple TV, and it is definitely a better experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

But I, you know, I don't know, man. Is it is it worth the price?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:49]

It's hard to say.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:53]

Do you ever cast things from your phone up to your TV?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:57]

From my phone up to my TV, no. Computer, whatever. From my computer, I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

Sports games. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

CBS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

All Access is I'm spooking my IP, but yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

to be to be in Pittsburgh so I can watch the home games,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

or the home team rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:16]

But that's that's really about it. I don't otherwise, I don't do it. I don't I don't have a reason to. So Got it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

Alright, John. Alright. It's getting late, my friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

That is It is. Lot of Apple talk. I wonder if Liz made it or she made it through. Hopefully. She should get a new phone so I can play with it. There you go. Does she get new phones more frequently than you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:34]

I doubt it. I don't know for sure, but I doubt it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:39]

Alright, buddy. Until next time. And, hey. I look forward to hearing about when you're coming to pick up this, Apple Watch Series three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:45]

November at the latest, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:47]

You better hope I don't sell it by then. That's a long time to wait. Only two months, Stan. Two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:53]

months could be forever. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:54]

We'll see you, John. We'll see you.

