---
title: Back from Vacation and Talking Tech
episode: 50
date: '2019-06-20T12:32:31.000Z'
slug: back-from-vacation-and-talking-tech/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation between John and Stan revolves around their personal tech
  experiences, including issues with battery life, ear comfort, and wireless
  headphones. They discuss their preferences for AirPods vs. Powerbeats and
  share their strategies for managing everyday annoyances like warm ears and
  tangled cords. The episode highlights the importance of finding suitable
  solutions to common tech problems.
keywords:
  - battery life
  - wireless headphones
  - ear comfort
  - AirPods
  - Powerbeats
  - Bluetooth technology
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

I think the hardest part about coming back from vacation is feeling like you were completely underwater

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

for the first day, two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

or three that you're back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

But vacation was being next to water.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Within proximity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

Oh, yeah. This wasn't the house where you walk out the back door and you're on the beach? Oh, no. No. That place hasn't been available for rent in a number of years now. That was a great place. That was on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

East Bay Of Traverse City,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

and, yeah, you literally had 20 feet of sand, and then you were there in the water. It was great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

Now this this was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

come

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

back from vacation. That's where you started, and then I sidetracked you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

Yeah. Well, yeah. It's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

I I managed this last week not to look at any work related email at all. Nice. So I didn't I didn't open up anything from the time I left work until the time I got back Monday morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

And that was nice because I you know, my head was clear and all that jazz. But I opened up my inbox, and it was busting at the seams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

And it took me several hours of just dedicated email time to get through it all. And I there were a bunch of things I straight up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

didn't look at that I normally would have. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

Got it. So when you're going through email,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

like, does the majority of it actually require your attention,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

or are there just, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

stupid things? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

Most

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

of the email I get at work,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

I should read.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

Right? So I should be familiar with the information. You couldn't hire an assistant, John Colmaher, to look through this email and decide what's worth your time? I think I would get fired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

But the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

so here's the thing. Right? Like, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

most that I need to be familiar with, I don't need to reply to everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

That's good. The replies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

take longer. And so my process

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

coming back from vacation is, like, alright. Here's all the stuff that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

I can do in, you know, ten seconds or less. Get that out of there. And then I start going through just the things that I purely read and don't have to respond to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

And then from there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

I whittle my way down to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

the stuff that requires

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

more attention and engagement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

You're an inbox zero person. Right, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

I am. Yeah. I'm an inbox zero person at work as well as at home, John. Me too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

I actually unsubscribed from a bunch of things in my home inbox because I was getting annoyed with deleting the same things over and over again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

There you So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

that was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

your digging out of being gone for a week. You're only gone for a week. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

Yeah. We left on a Sunday, and we actually got back on a Thursday evening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

So it wasn't a full week out of town, but I took the following Friday off as well. Right. So, you know, it was a week. So let's look back and relive the happy moments of vacation. What did you do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

Well, okay. So we went up to Traverse City, which is kind of our go to spot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

the weather this time around was awful. It was absolutely terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

So it was cold and rainy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

and we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

were constrained in the amount of time we could spend outside. So Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

From

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Sunday to Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

only Tuesday was actually, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

clear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

and sunny

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

and all of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

enough that we could go out to Sleeping Bear Dunes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

one of my favorite places to go. My kids also like it. We just kinda hike around. If you've never been to Sleeping Bear Dunes, you totally should do it because it's it's just out of this world. The amount of sand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

and how it reaches on forever is is really kinda breathtaking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

So what did you do inside

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

when it was cold and rainy? Yeah. Okay. So I I should say Sunday on the drive up, we stopped off at Grand Rapids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

and I went to the Gerald Ford Presidential Museum Nice. To scratch that itch that I've got, my little history buff, angle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

Spent a couple hours there. Great museum. Highly recommend it, especially if you're into history. My kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

tolerated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

being there and, you know, humored me. Oh, that's good. On

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

Monday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

it was pretty much a lounge around kinda day. So the girls went to, like, the yarn store,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

which is a thing, I guess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

we pretty much hung out. We've got, you know, a friend that lives up there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

Deaconess Longmire, spent a lot of time with her. Did she listen? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

think so. I don't know if she's current. So Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:13]

once she hears this episode, she should leave a five star written review on iTunes. There you go. You should tag her on the episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

so that she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

feels motivated to look at it again or to listen again, rather. We can do that. But on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

Wednesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

we visited with my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

aunt and uncle who live in Traverse City.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

We kinda did, a little ad hoc birthday celebration, which was very nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

And then Thursday, we headed home. And at that point, like, Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

the weather was so bad, like, it has just been raining and was drizzly and whatnot that we were perfectly fine to load up early and just make our way back to Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

So on that on that end of it, it was, like, you know, a little bit of a bummer, but Tuesday was great. We got to do the thing that we wanted to do most,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

and, you know, it was a nice vacation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

Now you smoked meat to have for meals on this vacation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

I just smoked one meat, but yes, I did. Only one meat. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

typically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

we we try to make food at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

our rental just because usually we cook better than we can find Find. Yep. Reasonably for dinner. So that was part of it. But also then to have, like, good lunches, so I baked some bread. I smoked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

a pork butt,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

which we pulled and had. And then missus Lemon did in the slow cooker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

the skirt steak that that pulls apart into quesadillas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Nice. So we had that as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

And we actually brought material for chilaquiles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

but we had enough leftovers that we didn't have to mess with that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

Yeah. We did eat out a little bit. We we, you know, tried some traversities for We can't spend the whole time cooking. Right? So Traverse City is interesting. They've they've actually got a pretty good food scene. I think they've got a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

like, really great beer scene, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

they've got a lot of really interesting niche

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

specialty stores. So there was, an olive oil place, like, that's all they sold. There

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

was a, ice cream store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

that it was, like, a 100% organic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

locally sourced, fair trade ingredients,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

and a small was $6 a a piece. So the the place was called Milk and Honey. Ice cream was delicious, but I called it Milk and Money Yep. Because, yeah, it cost an arm and a leg to take a family there. But it was good. It was good. But anyhow, that's Trevor's saying in nutshell. Right? Like, then there's Cherry Republic with all the cherries. So it's just, you know, it's it's a neat little touristy town.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

The the lake is always beautiful. I I I can't get enough of that. So now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

we brought an empty growler on this trip, which is something we've done in the past when we went to Traverse City,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

and we filled it up at a different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

brewery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

each night that we were there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

as we were at a place called Rare Bird,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

rare Rare Bird. Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

actually got to try a milkshake IPA, John. I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:21]

sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

Well, so here's the thing. I I had already chosen my beer Yeah. And he was filling up the growler, and I thought, you know, what what I gotta lose? Let me try a sample of the rare bird shake your pineapple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

So just to be clear, there's two strikes going against this one. Right? Milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

and pineapple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

I've never tried a milkshake IPA before, so I have no idea what I'm getting into. Yep. I don't particularly care for fruit beers. Here's the thing though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

I tried almost every beer beer that Rare Bird had, and I would say that this was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

probably the best on their menu. It was actually legitimately good. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:59]

Yeah. With the lactose? I can't get over the lactose taste. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

so the the pineapple was not overpowering, so it wasn't overly fruity. It was just like a subtle hint of it. I would say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

you know how, like, Oberon has a hint of orange to it? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

It was that kind of a hint. So it was just subtle enough that it was enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

The lactose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

it it altered the texture. As far as I could tell, it didn't I didn't, like, get anything in the taste,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

but the texture was really quite pleasant. The, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

smooth creaminess of it without it being thick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

So I shouldn't swear off all Milkshake IPAs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

based on that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

don't know, man. Like, it's still a weird concept to me, but Yeah. I you know, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

let's put it this way. I would try one again, and I would try one before I ordered a growler to be filled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

just in case.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

So there you go. Whole growler.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:56]

Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

Yeah. Well, I'm dude, I'm serious. If I had the the beer we brought back was perfectly fine. I like, I'm not I'm not trying to knock it, but it wasn't fantastic. Like, it didn't leave a lasting impression on me by any stretch. Right. It was a Session IPA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

So, you know, take it or leave it. Some people love Session, some don't. I I tend to like them. This one, nothing to write home about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

In hindsight, the Amarillo might might have been part of the issue, but whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

this, though, if I had brought home, I think I would have gone back for a second. Like, that's that's I mean, just, again, based upon the, like, ounce that the guy gave me in the sample, I enjoyed it. Interesting. Very interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

Well, good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

It seems like vacation was somewhat restful because I've noticed you've been doing a lot of code writing for fun,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

like maintaining some of your open source projects and personal projects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

Well, that's right. While I was up there so as we were locked inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

I downloaded the beta

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

for the new Xcode in order to try SwiftUI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

and I pushed something up to GitHub, which I think I linked you to Yep. Experiment with SwiftUI app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

Yeah. It's just, like, it's stupid simple. It's not like it doesn't serve any functional purpose, but it was all about, like, trying this technology out that looks and feels like another technology that I'm fond of called React.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

And I will say this, all of the hype that we heard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

coming out of Apple's WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

around SwiftUI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

I think, was a 100% spot on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:34]

as you're an actually talented developer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

that means something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

Oh, you you flatter me, John. Well, here's here's the thing. I I don't know if you got a chance to poke around at the repository. For anybody that's interested, it's on GitHub. It's, like, public. So if you know anything about code, go look at it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

But I feel like the SwiftUI parts are really legible. Like, they're easy to read and follow along what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

And they've they've got a predictability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

to them that is really quite elegant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

So I I dig it. I'm I'm totally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

stoked about this. It's what's interesting is Xcode, the new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

version they released. Right? And Xcode's the ID. It's the editor that you write, you know, Apple code in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

It is actually better with the new operating system. So there's certain aspects of SwiftUI I did not get to try out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

like, some of the, actual, like, development experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

bits. So I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

I tell you, man, when the public beta comes out for Mojave,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

I might take the plunge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

We'll see. But I might take the plunge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

And you need to buy one of those new Mac Pros to run Xcode because that thing is a resource hog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

I don't see myself doing that. I you're right though. I was stunned at how quickly my battery shriveled up when I was running Xcode and in the simulator all at the same time. Crazy, man. Well, good. Yep. I'm glad you're writing code for fun. Keep it up. Might get me back into it instead of sending you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:07]

really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

really hacky, ugly JavaScript and PHP mixtures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

Yeah. You send me screenshots and text messages during the day, and I look at them. I think to myself, oh, oh, man. Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

I need you, Stan. I need you to teach me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Hey, man. Anytime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

Name the place. Let's do it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

Anything else on vacation?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

I mean, that was it. It was low key. Enjoyed it. Got home. Did some house projects. Nothing terribly exciting there, but got them done. Happy to have them done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

Moving on to the next thing. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

So I've been working. Work has been crazy busy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

but I feel like my life is complete again, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

because I have an actual task manager app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

Woah. Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:56]

Do tell. Do tell. So last week, I sent you a text message.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:01]

Crazy excited,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

Microsoft to do announced that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

the Mac OS app

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:11]

would be released

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

on Monday of this week, so yesterday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

when we're recording. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:19]

so I sign up. I,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

preorder it so that I get a notification when it's available. I get the email,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

and I download it right away. I had some stuff synced from when I was using the web interface and the phone app and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

So I kinda clean some of that up, get my work

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

list current,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

and went from there. And I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

have any real complaints right now. Performance

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

wise has been awesome,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

and it does pretty much everything I wanna do. There's a couple more features that I have uploaded on user voice to try to get those moving in. But overall, really solid

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

task manager app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

Kind of the core for those who don't know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

the Microsoft

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

acquired

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

Wunderlist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

Wunderlist for those playing in America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

And it was really, like, a talent technology thing, and they basically rewrote

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:20]

Wunderlist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:21]

And I think a lot of the founders and stuff of them have since left and started their own new thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

but it works a lot like it. There's some parts that I would even say are improved over Wunderlist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

So overall, I am really happy Microsoft to do now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

on macOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

So I when I saw your message, I thought, oh, I bet he's excited. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

had you upvoted the Mac app on UserVoice? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

Okay. So you got the email when those points were retired

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

then. Right? Yep. Okay. Which was later than I already had the app, so that was lame. But Oh, really? Because I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

wonder if they maybe they only retire the points when it actually ships. That would make sense. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

I have been truly impressed with To Do and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

like, the way they treat user voice feedback,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

and how they've been tackling stuff slowly, eating away at it, and releasing things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

Like, I serious props on that. They listen to feedback. This is Microsoft. They listen to feedback, and they're delivering features that customers want. And the I mean, this app has only gotten better since it was first released. Absolutely. Like, on iOS, you know, now coming to the Mac, the web version, all of it. It's just it's just gotten better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

And what's great about this is this is a Microsoft app running on Mac OS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

and it looks really nice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:50]

which is It feels like a Mac app. Great for a task manager.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

I actually think it looks more like a Mac app than Wunderlist ever did. Oh, absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

It's it's got a a very nice native feel. I think my suspicion is it's probably Electron behind the scenes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

which is that, like, you know, container

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

that GitHub put together and released. But, yeah, I've I've only started playing around that. I like, I'm not I'm not gonna commit to any to do apps until I get a chance to try Mojave and see what the new reminders reboot is like. But it I I played around with it enough to know it looks good. This this is a problem, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

As we're talking about this, it got me thinking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

it doesn't support dark mode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

Not yet. Not yet. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

mean, it released two days ago. So, actually, I feel like I feel like I saw that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

on On user voice? User voice. Nice. I gotta vote that one up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

Here's so I know I'm I'm confident that they're sharing a lot of code between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

the desktop app and the phone app. Right. And my suspicion is that as the phone app gets dark mode because I don't believe it has dark mode either, does it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

I don't really use it on my phone. I mean, it's more of a work sitting down and work thing for me. It's not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

my my wife is all in on reminders now for grocery lists and things like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

Nothing wrong with that. I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure that it does not have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

dark mode on the iOS app, but it will get it when iOS 13 comes out, and I would bet that the Mac app gets it shortly thereafter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

So, yeah, I'm a big fan of To Do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

I don't see me turning back anytime soon. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

Good deal. Well, the big win it has over Wunderlist is it's being maintained.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

it looks like a Mac app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

alright. Next thing on the list I put on there, revisiting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:57]

the Echo kids edition. So I saw some traffic on social media.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

Amazon made a big push for this kids edition Echo

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:06]

about reading,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:08]

like, kid can ask him to read me a story and things like that. There were concerns

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

over parents using this as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

basically a way to disconnect,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

things of that nature. I'm asking your advice as a parent here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

First,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

kid's edition of Echo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

Second,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:30]

kinda what are your thoughts on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

either using an iPad or an Echo or something and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:37]

having your kids use them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

So first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

you know, Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

a kid's version of the Kindle, and they released a service called FreeTime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

which they required you to pay a premium for, and that service was largely garbage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

The ability to manage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

content and to restrict content,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

like, by my choice rather than Amazon's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

Right. Was awful. It was a really lousy experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

So I have very little confidence that they're going to do a better job with a kids' Echo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

But setting that aside for a moment, if the if the killer feature of a kids' Echo is to read to your kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

you got problems. You got problems on two fronts. One, because if your child is small enough that they cannot read,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

you should be reading to them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

And if they are old enough to read, they should be reading, not having some robot do it for them. So I think, like, there's a there's a family thing going on there. Right? Like, the importance of spending time with your child. I think reading's really important. We always emphasize reading to our kids. My wife actually still reads out loud to my kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

and I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

don't know. I wouldn't wanna trade that away. So I I'm not I'm not, like, this whole idea I haven't even looked at this. Just your description of it sounds terrible. Yeah. So I'll just leave it at that. People can react

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

and, send me nasty grams. As far as, like, your your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

more broad question there is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

kids with devices. And so I think as with most things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

moderation is key. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

And knowing what is on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

the device is key. So as if you recall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

many, many episodes ago, I tried setting up screen time on a small old iPhone that was no longer on a cell plan for Lucy to use, and screen time just straight up wouldn't work for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

I have some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

restrictions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

that are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

functional on an iPad today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

They are like, you know, a kid can't just download an app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

If if they they punch in an eye, they to prove it, and that actually works. Like, that that's one of the few things that seems to work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

what I have kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

gravitated towards is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

if Lucy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

in particular because the Henry's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

he doesn't really care. Like, if it's a video, that's one thing. But in terms of, like, apps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

Lucy is intrigued by, like, a coloring app and Sudoku.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

And if she asks ahead of time, I'm happy to put them on there for her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

like, we they don't use them every day. They don't use them for a lot of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

So it's like an hour here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

you know, couple days go by, maybe half hour there, that kind of thing. I'm okay with that. I think, you know, there's a slippery slope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

with whether it's an iPad, a Kindle, an Echo for kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

Chromebook, whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

where,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

you know, these these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

kids don't they don't understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

restraint or boundaries. Like, they're they're still developing. Right? And they don't know when to stop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

So you give them something to engage with, and they will take it too far because they just haven't matured to the point where they know how to, like, tap out. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

And so if you can't be that guardrail for your child,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

I mean, maybe you should shouldn't have had kids. I don't I don't know. Like, it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

it's it's dangerous territory, I guess, is where I'm going at. And our our attitude has been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

you know, they can use those devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

We're going to be a 100 aware of what they're using them with. They don't use them alone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

They they, you know, have restrictions, constraints, boundaries, guardrails, and and that's important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

Do you encourage technology in any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

way there as a tool? Like, I'm talking about task managers here or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

checking the weather or things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

Not with my kids. I don't I wouldn't say encourage it, but I don't discourage it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

I when there are opportunities

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

for them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

I will share those. Right? So you mentioned checking the weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

We have echo bees,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

and there's an icon on there that you can tap to check the weather. Henry will do that every day without fail. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

He's, you know, he's totally cool to do that. They would use the echo before I put it away to, like, ask jokes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

that kind of thing. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

So I again, I don't discourage it, but I'm not, like, saying, hey, you need to go do this or, you know, whatever. That's not this is not our our strategy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:29]

Yeah. I can kinda leave that there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

Unless you have anything else you wanna talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

Send send me hate mail. Twist of lemon pod dot com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

so we've chronicled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

TV shows that I've watched and you've watched over the last couple months, and I had reached

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

a Netflix queue of zero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

I had burned through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

most of the TV shows that I had queued up on Amazon even. I think I worked through the shows that I was watching on CBS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

Like, I'm I'm down to the bottom of the barrel. I picked up Jack Ryan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

on Amazon Prime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

a couple weeks ago, and I actually really like that. Have you watched that show? I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

Okay. Well, I I don't watch anything that is current.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

Well, it's it's eight episodes. Okay. The season is complete in and of itself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

So there's no, like, crazy cliffhanger. They may come out of the season two. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

But the season's complete.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

Yeah. I I really enjoyed it, and I wasn't really crazy going into it about the lead actor who I think is from Parks and Rec. Kim.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

I'm not Or the office. I can't remember. Yeah. It's it's a show I was not to The Office, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

This was somebody I wasn't terribly familiar with, but I but I enjoyed it. So totally recommend that. I think the thing though that I'm struggling with now is like, okay. I don't wanna watch TV every night, but I would like to, like, put on an episode here or there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

and I don't know what to watch next. I was actually debating going back and watching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

season one of 24.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:01]

Don't do that, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

24

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:05]

died to me when we did this 24 marathon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

and you could just start thinking of the craziest thing that could possibly happen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

and then it would happen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

Look. On cue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

I thought I thought seasons one and two were fantastic writing. It just it just got so bad there. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Yeah. Yeah. The Allstate guy way back in the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

He died.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

Missus Colmire and I are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

slowly watching

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

Amazon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

Prime TV show

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:35]

Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

I just don't like Gordon Ramsay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

So this is interesting because he has a lot of great business advice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

when he's going into these failing restaurants and telling them what to do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Is he censored at all on that show? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

Yeah. See, I I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

I tell you, man, I'm not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

not particularly interested because then I gotta, like, turn the volume down super low, hope nobody hears it. It's just not it's not worth it. So Fair enough. Alton Brown is filming new episodes of Good Eats.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

It's gonna be on Food Network Sunday night, super late at night, like, 09:00, 10:00,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

starting in August.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

I cannot imagine a world in which I would get cable to watch it, but if I found myself with cable, I'm sure I would watch that. Although, will say, he's gotten a little weird in his older age. Like, in the last couple years, he's still a little off. So I am But still, it's giddits, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

Yeah. You just hope like, here's the thing. That was an awesome show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

You just hope and pray that a reboot doesn't ruin it. You know, like other reboots,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

not the name any specifically like Star Trek Discovery.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

Some people like Star Trek Discovery, Stan. I haven't watched it, so I can't And they are wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

In Slack today, I was sending a bunch of Star Trek

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

GIFs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

Picard, make it so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

What else did I send? Then we got into a discussion about Star Wars versus Star Trek.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Ugh. I don't even wanna have that battle. They're not the same thing. One sci fi, one's fantasy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

Next.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

So Jack Ryan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

Libra. Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

you follow any of this stuff with Libra today? Do you even know what it is? Yeah. So this is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:25]

cryptocurrency

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

that Facebook is part of. I just read a summary article,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

and I saw that Facebook hired a VP of blockchain technology or something like that. They've got a huge conglomerate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

of many individual companies that are participating in this cryptocurrency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

It's they call it a stablecoin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

as opposed to, like, what Bitcoin is. Right. Stablecoin meaning it's backed by actual physical currency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

what that amounts to is it operates more like an exchange. The idea behind putting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

a stable currency behind it is it will be less volatile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

Right. In in theory. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

to to me, it it kinda defeats the purpose of a cryptocurrency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

because I I I don't know. Like, there's an ideological argument to be had where it's like, it's not part of the monetary system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

And so somehow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

it's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

I don't know, different, and this is just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

it's like points on your credit card. Right. I'm I'm oversimplifying it. And what's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

fascinating to me is Facebook has, what, 2,000,000,000 users?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

That is a huge reach

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

to roll out something like a cryptocurrency. When you think about it, it's more people than the US Federal Reserve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

in theory. Like, if you just think about The United States could impact with its monetary policy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

So so Facebook's potential

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

to impact

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

monetary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

I don't even I wouldn't even call it policy, just like monetary stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

in the world

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

is arguably larger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

than any single nation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

on the planet right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

which is Yeah. Kinda scary. There is this governance around it. It's not just Facebook. There's, like, 10 companies or whatever that basically form this governance.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

They're all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

big companies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

which concerns me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

They call it the reserve or something like that, didn't they? I don't know. I'd have to look.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

The the name But like Visa's in there and yeah. So Mastercard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

and PayPal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

Spotify,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

oddly enough, was in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

Really? That seems kinda out of their league, but It is. Well and that that's what's interesting about the group that they've got together. It's not just folks playing in the financial world. So Right. I don't know. Like, there's there's a plan here, and I think what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

concerns me a bit is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

Facebook does not have a great track record with privacy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

Cambridge Analytica, anybody? Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

if I don't trust them to, like, keep a photo that I upload private,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

do I trust them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

with my transactional data

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

that really, you know, ties into everything else that's going on around me? Right? So if I if I go to the bank of Facebook, put all my eggs in that carton, if you will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

do I think they're gonna keep that just between me and them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

Or me and them and their data analysts, me then their data analysts, and Cambridge Analytic. Like, I I don't I don't know where the boundary is, and I just don't think they've built up the rapport and the trust

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

for that to to really pan out. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

Now from a mission point of view, I would say that this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:46]

kinda works with Facebook's mission of creating these global communities or creating communities globally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

depending on how you do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:56]

I think there's a philosophical debate on whether that is a good thing or not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

that we can have at a later time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

So not a stretch really for Facebook to jump into this, especially since if it's a hit, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

Facebook is taking over the world. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

I there and that's another part of it. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

Facebook will only get bigger. They will only have more control. They'll only have, you know, tentacles deeper into our existence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

Is that a good thing? Maybe it is. I don't know. I'm not inclined to think so right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

this sheds a little bit of light on the rumors that have been circulating around the consolidation of Instagram,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

WhatsApp, and Facebook Messenger. Again, that makes a lot of sense if you're going to do a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

currency like that. Right? Because you then you have a huge platform to exchange that currency on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

I I don't know. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

I'm not I'm not crazy about it. I I asked I asked our friend, pastor Aaron Fanker, who's he's just like a he's a Bitcoin cryptocurrency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

nerd,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

like, what his what his read was. He hadn't gotten too deep into it, but he said, and I'm gonna quote him here, my suspicion is that regular people will go for it, but cryptos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

crypto diehards, excuse me, will ignore it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

And and I think there's something to that. Right? Going back to the stable coin bit. And I I guess if this appeals to you, I would just keep it in the back of your head as you look at it. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

you know, why why are you intrigued by it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

Are you comfortable with the privacy concerns? I don't know. Like, it'll be interesting to see how this all plans out or plays out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

gonna definitely sit on the sidelines and watch. Same.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

And if you remember early on in Facebook days, I loved everything about Facebook. I was the one who didn't complain when they changed their UI and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

More recently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

like, they're just the next Google, really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

You you were a first class fanboy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

I was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

I built A lot of times have changed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:58]

I built a page audience from pretty much when it was available

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:02]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

10,000 likes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

Hey, man. That's street cred.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

Anyways

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

yeah. So, John, how's my Internet seem tonight?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

Seems fine. We haven't lost any connection. I never know if that's you or me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

And you look clear. You don't look like you're been knocked down in quality at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

So I am hardwired in tonight. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

Yeah. So here's I I told you that I was looking at new routers Yep. Because, like, my router's fine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

but the reach of it was not great. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

I mean, just, like, getting to the corners of my house from where it's at, it wasn't working out well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

So I started looking into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

mesh technologies and things of that sort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

The one that everybody, I think, is familiar with usually is Arrow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

which is a a mesh router system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

I did some research. I found myself looking at Netgear Orbi,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

and I I ordered one. It was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

not cheap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

but I got three stations. These things are huge. You got I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:14]

got I got three. This was a big argument between Stan and I. Two or three. We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

debated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

So so get this. It is as tall as my Mac Pro, the the cylinder one, the trash can. Interesting. It is as wide as the Mac Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

However, it is, I would say, three to four inches deep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

So it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

large. Like, it is very large. Yeah. And what what's interesting is I put one upstairs. I put one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

in the center of the Main Floor, and I put one in my office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

And they have a dedicated network between them. Mhmm. So in theory, right, there's no interruption, no interference. Like, they're transmitting between themselves,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

as quickly as possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

And then I can actually wire into them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

and I did that with my laptop just because I was curious to see how it would go. So far, so good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

I have had these all of maybe four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

hours,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

so it's too early to give a review. But I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

Netgear's app and setup experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

was pretty awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

I I was not a Netgear fanboy by any stretch coming into this today. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:23]

Yeah. That's good, because you remember,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:26]

like, early wireless routers and trying to configure those when you first got it. That was a pain. It was ugly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:33]

and it made you never wanna touch networking equipment again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

Oh, yeah. By far. What what surprised me about this one is I tried going to the admin on my laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

and it was like, hey hey, are you sure you should try using the phone app? Nice. And it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

the phone app is just a it's just a really crisp experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

But the actual setup,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

I don't know if it's just because of their ability to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

leverage the operating system or what. It was it was seamless. It was really well done. That's awesome. It was a piece of cake. Again, not the cheapest router you're gonna get.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

I don't know that most people need three satellites, but, you know, teach his own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

Well, cool. Two two satellites, three units. There we go. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

I expect the full report later whether on air or off. But My, my next issue is when I do the speed test, so they actually offer a speed test from the base unit that attaches to the network. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

I am not getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

the full What you're being for? AT and T. Yeah. You've been known to call and yell at people when you're, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:38]

even slightly lower than you should be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

these numbers don't look great. So my upload speeds are three quarters the way there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

It's it's the download that's not, not where I want it to be. So I don't know. I I'm gonna look into that. That'll be my next challenge because, you know, I I'm just itching to spend a bunch of time on the phone with customer support at AT and T. Right. That sounds like a blast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

I I was looking at headphones today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

This is my other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

other thing as of late.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

You you don't do earbuds at all, do you? I don't. I don't like how they feel in my ears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

So I love my AirPods,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

but they're I don't know. They gotta be over a year old now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

The battery's just not holding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

yeah. I mean, so they're small lithium ion batteries. Right? Lithium ion doesn't hold the charge forever. It's just just the way that things are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

I expected them to last a bit longer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:43]

than this. Yeah. That's kind of a steep price for basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:47]

disposable headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

I wouldn't call them disposable,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:53]

but Little over a year? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

In my defense, I mean, there's something that I use every day. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:04]

and and I've used probably four or five hours a day. So they they I've gotten a lot of use out of them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

and I haven't thrown my laptop off my desk since I got them from getting tangled up in cords. So there's that. Always helpful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

Maybe maybe I should just view it as, an alternative to Apple Pay or AppleCare

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

rather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:24]

Insurance policy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

So I I just I don't know, like yeah. Okay. If if these get to the point where they're just unbearable, like, can't make it through an hour long meeting we're not there yet by any stretch. But No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

This is not gonna get better. It's only gonna get worse. Yep. As I get closer and closer to that threshold,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

I keep wondering, do I replace these with new AirPods?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

Do I go Powerbeats?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:47]

What do I do, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:51]

I have no idea. I have a track record that's not great with headphones. Of course, I used to buy, like, $15 headphones and use them all the time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:00]

I like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:02]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:03]

beat solos. That's what these are called. Right? The ones that I got with my MacBook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

They seem to be holding up well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

Do you find that your ears get warm?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:17]

No. Not usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:18]

That's the issue I have, and I think that's just a problem I have with over the ear cans,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

like or on ear because these aren't really over the ear, but they're on ear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

I I just they get warm, and my ears start to itch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:32]

So it's a personal problem for sure. That you should probably buy both and give which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:38]

ones you don't like to missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

So missus Lemon has my old Beast headphones, and I I don't even think she's ever bothered to pair them up. Oh, yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:48]

Yeah. So Alright. She should listen to our podcast more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

I mean, she just plays it on the speaker on the iPhone. Right? Or if she's listening to music, she pipes across the Sonos. That's there's no need for headphones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:02]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:03]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:04]

Cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:05]

I think that this was a pretty good episode, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:09]

I I would tend to agree with you, John. Alright. We'll see you again next week then, whether you like it or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

Oh. Until next time, John. Later.

