---
title: The Greatest Trilogy of All Time
episode: 92
date: 2020-07-15T19:30:21.000Z
slug: the-greatest-trilogy-of-all-time/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around trilogies in film, with John Lasseter and
  Stan discussing their top picks for iconic trilogies like Back to the Future,
  Lord of the Rings, Toy Story, and Star Wars. They debate the importance of
  context, storytelling cohesion, and overall impact on the audience. The
  discussion is informal and engaging, with a focus on the nuances of each
  trilogy.
keywords:
  - trilogy analysis
  - film critique
  - Star Wars
  - Lord of the Rings
  - Back to the Future
  - Toy Story
  - Pixar
  - John Lasseter
  - Stan
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

last week was a little bit of a weird episode. We got zero feedback

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

from Sanchez. I don't even know what to make of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

I think the big thing is that he's not a Hamilton fan. Apparently, he was gonna go play some halo while

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

Kristen was watching the Hamilton premiere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

Alright. Well, Kristen Kristen's into Hamilton though?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

She is. She actually had to cancel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

a show because she was gonna be down in Saint Louis, and she got tickets to the Hamilton show for June sometime,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

which obviously not going on because COVID.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

So Disney plus really pulled through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Alright. Well, hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

It's interesting. I I didn't get any feedback by by text from anybody on this episode. And normally, I get at least, like, one scathing remark from somebody. You know? You by far have more people who contact you than contact me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

which I'm okay with because you're more of the extrovert anyway, and your name is on the podcast. Yeah. By the way, that art you came up with, which was completely a surprise to me, that was gorgeous. I love it. I'm I'm completely gonna embrace that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

So I wanted I wanted you to pose like the actual Hamilton logo, and then it would just would have been you. But I'm kinda glad that you took forever to respond because I'm fairly happy with how it turned out. Oh, I I think I think what you put on there was infinitely better than if I had posed solo. I really like Dan Angle's comment here on Facebook. Why is I think we creeped him out a little bit. Why is he holding your leg?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:00]

The world may never know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

Yeah. Well, I I thought you are you sure about that? Because I'm pretty sure you explained it in the comments.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

said, who knows? Because it was my wedding day, question mark. Oh, there you go. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

Alright. So last week we talked about missus Cole Myers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

listening habits or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

Yeah. You you said that she listened to Justin Bieber and she's adamantly opposed to Justin Bieber. So when when I told you this, I also told her that I think I said

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

Ed Sheeran was her favorite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

She likes Ed Sheeran, but more of a John Mayer or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

I don't remember who else she said, somebody who I never really listened to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

do you this begs a whole bunch of other questions. Do you listen to music like the two of you out in the open in your home?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

Generally, if I instigate, that will happen. She is very much music in her

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

ears.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

Okay. So doing dishes or on a walk or anything like that. Wait. She wears headphones while doing the dishes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

Oh, I guess you're not much for small talk, are you, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

I don't know. I think it just lets her focus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

So in other words, she never takes control of your Alexa and plays her music

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

on it? Very rarely, and definitely not when I'm around. So okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

John Meyer, that's I'd like John Meyer. Meyer. Whatever. I'm John Cole Meyer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:32]

That's in a syllable there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

So so that's not the worst music she could choose. True. Not under impression who this other guy was. Ed Ed Sheeran, Sheehan. What did you say his name was? Ed Sheeran

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

is who I said that I thought she listened to. Wasn't there there's a group of boys, like three boys or something. Jonas Brothers? Yeah. Didn't she like them at one point in time?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

Yeah. But are they even still a thing? I don't know, but I saw the one Jonas brother in that movie Midway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

Right. He became an actor or something like that. Yeah. He's happy. He actually did pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

That's good. I'm jumping ahead here though. We're gonna talk about movies later.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:11]

More movies. We're gonna lose all of our listeners who don't watch movies. Oh my gosh. Man, I've been on a roll. I've been on a roll. But what else are we to do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

That's that's a good question. It's a good question. So At least safely. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

I've got a bit of a story to tell. You participated in this story. I don't think I revealed any of this on the podcast already, but whatever. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

92 episodes. We stopped putting the episode number in there. Well, the thing is That was my bad. Yeah. The thing is, though, this this was all post COVID. So my my wife, whom I love dearly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

is not a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

or was not I don't even I don't know how to I don't know how to properly describe it. Was not a fan of gaming consoles. Consoles. Right? And so I wanted a Nintendo Switch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

and she said no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

And that went on for a while. Right? And so then, you know, COVID starts, and she's like, okay. Go ahead. Get a Nintendo Switch. And I'm like, So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

I log online, and they are all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

sold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

out everywhere. I mean, they are just, like, universally gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

And so I got into this routine What what time frame is this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

We're talking March? Like yeah. Mid to late March. Mid to So, late

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

you know, schools are closing, everything's closing, and switches are flying off the shelves everywhere, apparently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

And we aren't recording, so Stan needs something to do. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I'm like, I I don't know, man. I'll I've got a soft spot for Super Mario. Right? Like, that's that's all I can say. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

from let let's just say March 15 ish until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

the of March. Last week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

have every single night pulled up Walmart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

Target, Best Buy, GameStop, and Amazon to check inventory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

for a Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

Yep. And and you know this because probably like a month ago, I texted you in a in a, like, frenzy saying, hey, John, can you run out to this Target

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

Iowa City Cedar Rapids. Right? Yep. Yeah. I was like, can you Like, three miles from my house. And can you pick up this Nintendo Switch and mail it to me? And I think at first, you thought I was joking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

I think that missus Kolmeier thought you were joking. I knew you were serious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

by the time by the time we got everybody convinced,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

missus Kolmeier wisely checked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

the website again, and the inventory was gone. So it was not not available. But this did teach me that I can actually order it online for in store pickup and put somebody else's name. So I knew that. Like, that was on the top of my head, right, from that moment forward. But I continued for a month, you know, every day checking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

checking, checking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

And the closest I found was like New York or Hawaii, but I don't know anybody in New York. I don't know anybody in Hawaii. At least nobody I trust used to live in Hawaii. Yeah. Well, she doesn't anymore. But like Yeah. I need somebody I trust to go pick this up and then mail it to me. Right? Right. Well, then suddenly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

I see Glendale, Colorado.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

Glendale. Yeah. And my sister-in-law, she lives in Denver, which is like relatively close to Glendale, you know? Glendale's like a suburb of Denver, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To the south, I think. So I, you know, I texted her, like, hey, Susie, is there any chance that you could

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

pick up a Nintendo Switch for me? And I think at first, she thought I was joking. But but Sarah Sarah waited, and she's like, no. He's he's very serious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

Well, lo and behold, I ordered online and secured it, and she went and got it and mailed it to me. And so I now have I'm the proud owner of a Nintendo Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

I have a mortgage's worth of money to spend on games. So let the listeners A mortgages or a mortgage payment? A mortgage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

payment's worth. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

That could that could get out of here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

I've only bought two games so far. I bought Mario Kart, and I bought Mario Party.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

I haven't played Mario Party yet, but I have played Mario Kart, and I am happy to report, Jonathan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

that I have beat all of my children and my wife multiple times in the game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

I'm the king. I told you to let missus Lemon win so that she remains interested.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

Yeah. Here's the problem, John. Even even I can't let missus Lemon win.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

when we're playing Mario Kart and she's going the wrong direction,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

like, I can't I can't I can't lose in that one. You know? So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

like, I am most familiar with Mario Kart 64.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

So you there's like a racing mode, there's a battle mode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

and there's like a grand prix mode Yep. Where you go through all that. Those still all legit in the Switch version? They are. They are. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

I genuinely like battle mode. I so the battle is what you beat all your children in and you can rub it in your face. I beat them in everything. We raced, we battled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Yeah. All of it. I demolished them all, every single one of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

Lucy Lucy had a good run on one race in particular. She she got close. I think she closed in on second.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

k. Yeah. Next important question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

What character do you play?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:16]

Mario.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

Mario? Okay. What about the kids?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

They're allowed to pick anybody but Mario.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

So do they switch it up? There's no, like, Yoshi fanboys? No. There's there's no Yoshi fanboys, but they they are I mean, they do mix it up. I would say Yoshi's probably my number two. Yeah. Lucy is so funny. So I set up accounts on the Switch. Right? So they get each other on account. And I Nice. I had to pick up Avatar or whatever, and I made Lucy Luigi, and she was mad because she's like, it's Luigi. You could have picked like, a a girl character or whatever. And I was like, but Luigi starts with an l. He's got an l on his hat. Like, that's you. And Mario's best bud. Yeah. Well, so that redeemed it. So she's she's a little more on board.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:57]

But No Bowser players?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

Nope. Was like, Bowser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

Yeah. I Bowser would be cool. Also, I'm I got a soft spot for Wario. I don't know what it is. I got a soft spot for Wario. Because you're evil like him. Yeah. It could be. I mean, I think what it is is it's it's like the older classic characters from the Super Mario,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

you know, genre or, like Yep. Theme or whatever you wanna call it, storyline that I just am all into. But Mario Kart eight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

is is well done. Like, it it's a it's a good game. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

the I I bought a bunch of pro controllers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

which I like a lot better than the Joy Cons. My kids kinda like the Joy Cons, but I I really I really dig the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

the pro controllers. So we I mean, we've had a good time. I've all four of us are able to play together

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

as far as Mario Kart goes. It's not a five player, but just a four. Oh. Yeah. Can you play online?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

I don't know. I don't know. If I It's because you don't know anybody else who can find a Switch. Well, that's that's true. I've got so not as dedicated as you are. My nephew has a Switch. He's trying to sell it. I'm hoping before he sells it, I can find at least one online game to play in. But I'm waiting for Simon, if you're listening to this Simon listens when he's going to bed. He listens to the podcast as he's falling asleep. Oh. That reminds me of something that we need to add to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

add to the agenda. Keep going, Stan. Okay. Simon, if you're listening right now, first of all, sweet dreams, buddy. But let

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

me know let me know a game we could play, man. Come on. Before you sell this thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:30]

other one, Mario Party, we expect the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

review on that next week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

I think that would be a good Friday night game. Oh, definitely. Definitely. Yeah. But lots of mini games there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

But while we're on this subject of listeners, especially our younger audience, which is why we have to keep our clean rating as I scroll down in this new podcast app, we have a new review on July 4, which I missed for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

at least two weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

But title of this review, my dad and John are awesome,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:05]

exclamation point, exclamation point, exclamation point. Five stars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

This is an awesome podcast, exclamation point. I have even got to have the opportunity be to be on the show, so that narrows it down to two because there is one Little Lemon who has not yet made it on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

My father is Stan Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

I love that they talk about funny things. What do we talk about that's funny? Like roundabouts or milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:29]

Yeah. There you go. Did she say that? Is that what she said? She did. I personally like to have a thick straw for my milkshake. So thank you to Lucy Lemon for the five star review. The rest of you who have not yet left a review,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

you can do so on Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcasting app. We probably won't see it there. Anything less than five stars. I think they're gathering on Reddit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

I don't know if there's been any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

anything going on there. We'll we'll we'll we'll investigate. I don't know. We'll we'll ask Patrick. Thank thank you, Lucy. I love you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

Alright, John. So last week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

teased a question

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

about the best trilogy of all time. Right. Because we were talking about my capacitor repair, and you want me to get a flux capacitor so that my air conditioner would travel through through time. Yep. So reference to Back to the Future,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

and I think I surprised you by claiming something else was a better trilogy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

You know? I think that we decided.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

The question is out there. But if I left I left walking away thinking that you were advocating for Back to the Future as the best trilogy best movie trilogy of all time. Is that I just wanna know, is that is that where you're starting right now? Has Having

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:44]

thought on this for a week You're gonna change. I know you're gonna change. No. I stand by Back to the Future as the greatest trilogy of all time. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

I wanna hold up. Before we even dig into this, I wanna be clear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

This is slightly above the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Oh, man. Oh, Moses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

That's the part I I just can't get over. I'm I'm beside myself. Okay. So you have to you gotta qualify this. Like, I I this is the most outlandish thing. This is gonna be more controversial, I think, than milkshakes and grilled cheese sandwich. Grilled cheese put together. Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

No. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

just the continuity

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

and the thought put into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

the detail

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

back to the future as far as, like, duplicating these scenes in three different time periods and things like that. I think that there's a certain artistry

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:43]

that takes that to the best trilogy of all time. I still hold that Lord of the Rings, Return of the King is the best film of all time. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

Alright. Maybe maybe tied with the first Godfather. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

So Them's fighting words, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

But, yes, I believe that back to the future trilogy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

is the best, and I got no problem with part three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

There's lots of people who don't like part three where they travel back to the Old West. Oh, I I love that might be my favorite. That I love that movie. That so fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

See? So we agree on that at least. But yeah. I They made the train into a time machine. I mean, how cool is No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

I'm I'm a huge fan of Back to the Future three. So Back to the Future as a trilogy is one of my favorites. Hands out, like, it's it's in my top five easily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

I my instinct and I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna backpedal on this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

because I'm not maybe I'll maybe I'll maybe I'll plant my sword by the end of this episode. But my instinct was to tell you that Indiana Jones was a better trilogy. Yeah. Temple of Doom ruins that. See, I like Temple of Doom. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

after I said that, I did realize that there are subsequent movies, and I don't personally, I do not count number four as having existed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

Right? I'm not even sure if I've wasn't there a fifth one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

I don't know if they released a fifth one or if it was, like, announced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

Man, I I can't even like, this is embarrassing. I don't even know. I think the point is that these these movies that do a long gap

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

they release a subsequent one. Right? Like, I don't even include Star Wars in this. Yeah. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

they they lose something to it. Yeah. I know there's there's no fifth at least according to IMDB.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. That was such a lousy movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

Aliens

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

Yeah. Refrigerator saving you from nuclear fallout. They yeah. Yeah. There you go. Shia LaBeouf. That's really where it went south. I think they could have done some awesome stuff with that. The fact of the matter is, you know, Indiana Jones trilogy, in my opinion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

number three is the strongest of those three movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

Number one's fantastic. I actually I actually like Temple of Doom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

But, know, you I guess not weird. It's not for every oh, it definitely is. I mean, ripping the guy's heart out, like, you know, for sure. Yeah. But I I just I think it's a it's an awesome story. It's fun. Anytime that the Nazis are the bad guy, like, you're gonna love it. Right? Right. And and you got blimps and you got other crazy stuff. You've got the the holy grail. Like, what's what's not the love there? So I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

at least from my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

my generation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

which is also partially yours, I guess. Although, really, I wasn't that old when last Crusade came out. But We are both

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

first wave millennials. Yeah. First wave millennials.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

folks in our

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

age

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

range wanted to be archaeologists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

because of Indiana Jones. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

Sure. You know? See, like, you think about what did I wanna be as as a kid as I was growing up? It's like, well, there was a year where I wanted to be an archaeologist because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

well, Indiana Jones. Just like there was a year in which I wanted to be a mad scientist because, well, back to the future.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

But You know, you and Indiana Jones do have something in common.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

We haven't shaved in a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

He shaves fairly regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

What what am I missing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

You both hate snakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's actually a very good point. Gosh. That scene in the first one, oh, Raiders of the Lost Ark when he falls in that pit. That that one gives me the heebie jeebies every time. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

So Harrison Ford,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

strong acting performance in Indiana Jones, great storyline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

One of those trilogies that you can watch again and again and and again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:39]

I still think back to the future is better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

Okay. Now there are a bunch of trilogies that we haven't even touched on. Yep. And there are two obvious ones. Well, I guess three, but I I think one easily excludes itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

Based upon our movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

history that I'm surprised didn't come up, which is Iron Man and Captain America. I'm leaving out Thor because Dark World is so bad. You took this like, those would have been third on my list of where we can went next. Oh, really? They're that high. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:06]

I mean, like, as far as what trilogies to talk about next Okay. Like, you jumped

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

two at least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

Okay. What where would you've gone? You wanna do you wanna talk about Lord of the Rings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

No. So Lord of the Rings, I think, is so Lord of the Rings is interesting because it's based on a book that wasn't actually split into three books like Tolkien wrote one giant volume.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

So kinda in a different category there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:31]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

again, very good trilogy, one that I'll go watch again and again and again, and I've probably seen all of those movies more than I've seen the back to the future trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

Oh, interesting. Okay. Okay. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

the godfather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

Yeah. So here's here's the here's the challenge with the godfather. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

adamant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

that Godfather one, the first one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

is the best movie of all time. Hands down, no questions asked. And I think, I honestly truly believe that Godfather two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

may be number two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

and at the very least a close contender to number two, because it is such a fantastic movie. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

mean, the only reason it's not number one is because Godfather's in the way. Right? Right. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:14]

It's very hard for the sequel to jump over the original, though it has been known to happen from time to And and I think we can we can actually discuss a couple where that is absolutely the case.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

But in this in this situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

just such fantastic characters in that first one that are not in the second. You know, I mean, just like Marlon Brando. Right? Like, you cannot possibly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

or you cannot possibly not love Marlon Brando

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:40]

in in the first movie. I it's just. Yeah. He's another amazing actor, especially if you've seen him in anything besides Godfather. Right. Oh, Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

I'll be honest with The first time I watched Godfather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

I had maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

I don't know, a year before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

watched A Streetcar Named Desire,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

and I had no idea that it was the same leading actor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

Right? Because it's just he's he's a very robust,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

dynamic actor. He's fantastic. Godfather two, though, excellent. So the problem, though, is Godfather three is a piece of garbage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

It's got some it's got some really great parts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

Yep. But by and large, it's pretty awful. Yeah. Not great. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

the the problem is if we were doing just like duologies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

you know Sure. I would I would put Godfather right at the top.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

Unfortunately, we've got Godfather three to content too, so it doesn't even make my top five as far as trilogies go. So Stan and I are in agreement on this one. The next place that I thought you would go is the original Star Wars trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

Yep. And I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

I think the original Star Wars trilogy would definitely be in my top five. I think the question is, what do you do with the other two trilogies?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

Yeah. And yeah. I think by and large, that's true. Right? Like, you just kinda shrug it off. Right. You know, when you look at the first Star Wars trilogy, you've got a couple things going. Right? First of all, it's a at that point in time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

a rather unique and special story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

The cinematography of the first one is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

the the model work that's done in the second one is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

And then, you know, by the time you get to number three, everybody's just having fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

And on top of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

I think you've got a really stellar soundtrack that's that stands alone, right, in of itself. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

it's it's up there. I would put it up there with Indiana Jones and Back to the Future easily easily. No questions asked. Now the other two trilogies, I think the the problem with the first trilogy is largely Hayden Christensen, right, in that first movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

There's there's really one and a half good movies out of that trilogy. So it's it's got it's got the Godfather problem. Right? Like, there's there's some baggage dragging it down. And on the second one, I mean, do we really need to discuss that any more than we already have on this podcast? No. Yeah. You can go back. Listen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:01]

Give us more downloads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:02]

Alright. So now let's jump into the Marvel ones. You wanna go Iron Man first?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

Yeah. So this one, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

I'll be be completely candid. I would not put in my top five, probably not my top 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

Yeah. Yeah. Nor would I. Okay. Iron Man one, fantastic. Iron Man three, important. Not great. Yep. Iron Man two, you know? Yeah. However, it's, I think, important because those movies were released relatively close together,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

they are like, Iron Man one and two is responsible for birthing this MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

and giving So, it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

you know, I I think it's an honorable mention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

Captain America,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

I'm a big fan of all three. I think of the three trilogies in the Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

Cinematic University or university

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

universe today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

that's the strongest from a writing, acting, and performance standpoint.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

I think I would agree with you, which might be surprising because I don't really care for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

the first one. Right. A lot of people I think that's the one that stands out. But I think if you look at it as a movie by itself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

a movie like that it's an origin story, which is tough. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

I I just I think it's still a good flick. Now, it's overshadowed by the other two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

But Yeah. You know, origin story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

is an interesting transition because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

when I think about superhero movies that are top notch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

there are a few contenders,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

but they're not MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

Let's see if you can name them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

I don't even know where to start, Stan. Oh, this is easy, John. You gotta think back to before the MCU was in existence. Before MCU

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

origin stories?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

They're well, they involve each of them involve origin stories.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

think the two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

that were top of mind for me were the The original Superman. Spider Man. Oh, no. Well, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

a different ball laps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

The the Tobey Maguire Spider Man though. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

Spider Man one Yeah. Mean, that that's another trilogy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

that gets a lot of hate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

I think it's all because of number three, man. I think it's all because So of number

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

one and two are fantastic, and three is okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

I think the the problem with number three is really about number two, because number two is such a great movie. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

Number one wasn't bad. He's just he's not a great Spidey. He's no, he's not. He's not. There's there's no doubt about that. It I think it was well executed, though. And again, as far as an origin story goes, that is the best Spider Man origin story that we have on film.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Yep. And I think I think it is so good that that's why MCU has not addressed Spider Man Origins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

That's fair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

Now the other one, same time period. Yes. Going X Men. Yep. Because that is a fantastic movie. And, again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

third one kinda goes off the rails a little bit. But it's very hard to do Dark Phoenix. It is. It is. But two, though, two is Two is fantastic. It's unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

good. It it's actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

if if we take a step back and we look at just greatest superhero movies of all time, it might be in my top five. Yeah. I mean, there's a certain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

thought put into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

X Men two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

especially with, like, this whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

evolution

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

versus Nightcrawler's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

Roman Catholic tendencies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:25]

and there's these real

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

questions that they kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

ethical questions that they are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

wrestling with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

Bonus round.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

You ready for this? I'm ready. Aliens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

Is that on your list? I have not seen all three. Okay. Neither have I. Interesting. Doesn't even interest me. What about I've seen the first one. What about Terminator?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

Terminator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

I've seen all three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

except there's more of those now too, isn't there? There are. Yep. But I I apply the gap rule to that one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

Yeah. So, like, Terminator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

it's not a great film. I mean, it's a great action blockbuster,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

but there's nothing really in the way way of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

cinema that interests me. Okay. So it doesn't make the list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

Nah. Alright. That's fine. Let's let's make a little I mean, I haven't, like, listed my top 10, so I don't really know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Well, but I I think some of these, they always come up as, like, best trilogies. Right? I'm sure. It's worth discussing. What about the matrix?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

So the matrix

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:28]

the matrix, I would add as a contender.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

Oh, it does. Lots of people don't like three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:34]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

really kinda liked three. It's not like the first one. I didn't care for two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

You didn't care for two? Interesting. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

It's been a while since I rewatched them, but I own all three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

So I think I would probably make my top 10 if I listed them out. Okay. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:53]

Let me think. Just because, like, the the concept was so groundbreaking at the time more than anything. Yeah. For number one. Right? The story really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

was was just different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

Yep. I'll give you that. What do you think about the Born trilogy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

Again, haven't seen all three. I mean, it doesn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

like, they aren't super interesting. So there's, like, this whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

I don't know. I put it in, like, these spy type movies. So, like, the James Bond,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

Jason Bourne things, and they're all just they're they're action blockbusters is what they are. There's not a ton of depth there usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

So I I really like the Bourne trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

I I would I don't know that would make my top five,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

but I but I liked it. You know? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

did you did you ever get into Mad Max? This was not my jam. Never seen anything of it. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

Here's one that I know you'll not like. You ready for this? Can you guess what it'll be? High School Musical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

No. Nope. I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

The dark knight trilogy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

The dark knight trilogy. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

I'd probably put it with iron man. I really like the first one. I like the third one. The second one, I enjoyed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:07]

I did not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

like, I don't think it's the greatest superhero movie of all time just from a writing perspective. And you and I disagree on this. We don't have to rehash it here. Well, just just to be clear, do you like the first movie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

I love the first movie. Okay. You don't like the second movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

I didn't say that, but I don't like it as much as everyone else does. What what about the third movie? Third movie, I enjoyed. Yes. Okay. Interesting. I've I've always felt like the third movie was arguably the weakest, so interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

What about Mission Impossible?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

Mission Impossible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:44]

First one, excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:47]

Second one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:50]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

I don't really remember Mission Impossible three. Yeah. That was my problem too. When I when I thought of that one, I was like, one was good, two, and then three what was in three? I don't remember what three was. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

Alright. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

about Blade? Did you ever get into Blade? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:08]

Again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

good action flick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

Not much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:12]

I mean, there's some cool, like, thought into it and stuff like that, but and vampires are cool. But West Wesley Snipes, rest in peace.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

I mean, his career, not him. I I think he's still alive. I actually don't know. What about the Mighty Ducks?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

Mighty Ducks, man. Now you're talking about things that I haven't seen since the nineties. I recently watched them. One one and two is fantastic. Like, they are absolutely stellar. But I think it's the godfather syndrome again. Number three is total garbage, and it is a waste of your time. It's a waste it's a waste of data across the wire for you to stream it. Like, that's it's just bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

Austin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

Powers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

Never got into Austin Powers. I didn't either. I saw the first one. So, like, I'm not a huge comedy film person.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

Was Rush Hour a trilogy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

Yeah. There were multiple Rush Hours. Maybe they were up There was Rush Hour and Rush Hour two. I don't remember Rush Hour three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Yeah. I'll have to look into that. I don't remember I own rush hour two. That's a great movie. It's a great movie. Speaking of comedies. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

Yeah. Well, that's that's what maybe I think of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

Are you a naked gun guy? No. Alright. That's that's comedy too. What about scream? Scream one, two, and three? Don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

get into horror either. Yeah. That was big though when we were, like, in middle school. Is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

that a Sarah Michelle Geller thing or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

one of those actors? Is is it Sarah Michelle Gellar thing? Jada Pinkett Smith is in it. I'm trying to think who else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

David Arquette.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

Yeah. So Courtney Cox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:46]

Yeah. Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

Alright. What else do we got? We already talked about Star Wars. Oh, here's a good one, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

Die Hard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

Die Hard. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

We're not counting Die Hard four. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

Leaving that one out. I don't know that I've seen Die Hard four. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

because you gotta remember. So, like, really, the only one that you watch is the first one. That's totally not true. Totally not true. Die Hard Die Hard out in '88, and then Die Hard two is in '90, and then Die Hard with Avengers was in '95.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

And then there was, oh, I don't know, a decade and a half or whatever before the next one. Four is actually pretty good, in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

I I think this is a fantastic trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

I I would dare say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

it's up there in my list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:31]

Maybe I'll have to rewatch. Oh, it's it's I don't know that it's streaming on anything, and I don't own them. I I bought it in a moment of weakness at Christmas time. It's probably like $4 on iTunes or something like that. Something like that. I I well, I bought all four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

But I just wanted to watch the first one. That was it. What about what about parts of the Caribbean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

I enjoyed the trilogy. I know there's more than three of those now too. Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

But first one's good, second one's good, third one, don't remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

So I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

so it's interesting. Like, these movies never really did it for me. It wasn't just wasn't kinda into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

But I think as a whole, they were probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

done well and the continuity of the story and and maybe this is where where I'm getting into with this is, I think the continuity of the story over the trilogy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

is what makes or breaks it. Right? I think that's what sets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

the back Back to future murder. Indiana Jones and even the original Star Wars and Lord of the Rings, right Yep. Into the top five. Like they they have a continuity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

doesn't make any of them seem like an afterthought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

I think that lack of continuity is what makes, you know, The Godfather a not not a great trilogy. Right? Right. It's what it's what makes Spider Man not a great trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Arguably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

X Men not a great trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

Another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

one that I think that has continuity that I think is fantastic, and this would be my other number five,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

would be you ready? Do we have a drum roll? Can we get a drum roll?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

Alright. I can put it in a real one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

Toy Story.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

Toy Story? Yeah. So the weak part there is Toy Story two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

It is. It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

But again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

I think there's continuity and I think if There is. If you're making a trilogy and you're gonna have a weak movie, number two is the spot to be. Right? Indiana Jones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

you know? The weakest the weakest is number number two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

You you come out strong with a great fantastic movie to introduce the trilogy and you make sure you end on a strong solid note. That's what Indiana Jones did. It's what Back to the Future did. It's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

it's also what the first Star Wars trilogy did. So I think to me What are you talking about, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

I'm sorry. The the original Star Wars trilogy. You know what I mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

What? The one with Empire in the number two spot?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

Oh, okay. Alright. Then then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

you get a fair but I'm saying, like, we're I was talking about the end of the story, John. Alright. Like, it's got a nice conclusion to the story. Right? It wraps I it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

you you are correct in pointing out that Star Wars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

by having a arguably the best of the three in the number two position is unique.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

Right? Yep. Babe, this really, the original Star Wars trilogy has two number ones and one number two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

Maybe one number three. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

What would you I mean, Return of the Jedi would be number three? Yeah. Yeah. So to me to me, I have a really hard time choosing between A New Hope and Empire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

So do I. Yeah. That's So why I say it's got two number ones. Yep. Oh, you've been with it. Two number ones and a number three. I get you. Right. Yeah. No number two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

But but so I I think Toy Story is one of my one of my favorite trilogies. It would definitely be up there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:44]

Does Toy Story still count as a trilogy? Is the gap rule apply here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

I I think it does. Because Okay. If I'm not mistaken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

there's what? Fifteen years between three and four?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

Man, is this that long? I think so, John. I think so. Let me see if I can see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:01]

So yeah. Like I said, when we were talking about my Pixar watch through, my top Pixar film of all time is and Toy Story

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:10]

my third is Toy Story three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

My rule Up So in the middle. My rule might break down here. This is interesting. Toy Story one was released in '95. Toy Story two in '99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

Toy Story three was 2010. And obviously, Toy Story four was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

what? 2019?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

Right. Yeah. So maybe maybe that one falls apart a little bit. I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

the thing that would make me argue in favor of Toy Story is the end of three makes you feel like it's a solid Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:39]

Andy saga. Yep. Exactly. And then Woody goes and completely abandons his character in Toy Story four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

but, you know Toy Story four is an odd one, man. It's Yeah. That's Did they change directors?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

Well, know, John Lasseter is no longer with Right. Pixar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

So I I don't I don't know. Maybe. It's actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

entirely possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

I wouldn't say that Toy Story four was bad or that it ruined Toy Story four. Right. It's just it you're right. He's out of character. That's what it comes down to. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:10]

How many more of these you got, Stan? Is that it? Man. That's those the So ones I wrote to bring this full circle,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:17]

I think that Back to the Future beats out Lord of the Rings

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:22]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:23]

all three Lord of the Rings movies do not stand on their own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

that's a really great qualifier. That's a really fantastic qualifier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:33]

Godfather does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:34]

It does. Back to the Future does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:37]

The Dark Knight trilogy does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:40]

I don't know. Can you watch the third one without the first one? I think you can. I think Yeah. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

It's it it definitely helps, but I think you can. So that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:50]

a good qualifier. I think X Men probably does too. I'm like, if we go into some of those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:55]

Cap Captain America and Iron Man are interesting because they deal with origins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:01]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

I don't I do think I think Winter Soldier is tough if you don't have the context of the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

Actually, I I would say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

Civil War is also tough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

without the context. Like, it's a it's a holistic story,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

you need to know what's going on up to that moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

Right. Especially Winter Soldier, you gotta have the Winter Soldier context. I really I really think you need that. You also need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

you have to have Ultron

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

going into Civil War.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

Civil War makes a lot less sense without Ultron. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

Alright. So if you had to pick your top five, I'm putting you on the spot here. Back to the future is number one. You got Lord of the Rings as number two. Is that what I'm hearing? Yeah. I think I'd put it at number two even though it goes against my rule. Okay. And then what's number three? I might have to put Godfather there, man. Really? Okay. Even with three there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:51]

like, just like like you said, one and two are arguably the greatest films of all time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Okay. Okay. I I still come back to like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

for me, the the holisticness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

of the trilogy is important there. Okay. Yeah. Alright. So number four?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

I think it's hard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

Maybe Toy Story. I hadn't considered Toy Story as a trilogy before. You just went off on it. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:18]

I mean, again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:20]

one and three are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:22]

probably the best animated films of all time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

Yep. Easily. Easily, I think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:27]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:29]

five?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:31]

What am I missing, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

Star Wars?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

Oh, yeah. Star Wars has gotta be in top five. Yeah. Okay. The original trilogy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

Okay. So if I'm doing don't know. I I would go around and move those around probably, but Yeah. Bet you would. I bet you would. So I would do Indiana Jones, Back to the Future, then I would just Indiana

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

Jones there. Yeah. So I I would do Star Wars as my number three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

Number four, I would probably do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

X Men

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

Yeah. Because I'm such a huge X Men fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

Number five

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

difficult

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

Probably Toy Story. It's probably where I would land though because I just I'm such a huge Toy Story fan. Now, I I agree with you. I think the Lord of the Rings is a fantastic trilogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

I I'm just not that big of a Lord of the Rings fan, I think. It's because you've only watched through it once, Stan. Yeah. That's true. That's true. I didn't sleep through it though, so give me some credit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:28]

I would It's true. I would give an honorable mention to the Dark Knight Trilogy, which I know you're not you're not crazy about, but that would be I love Batman Begins. Like Batman Begins would be one of my favorite superhero movies of all time. Alright. Alright. Well, we'll have to agree to disagree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

Good times. Good times. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

While we're on the movie kick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

have you you've got you got a couple on this list. I I've been adding to this list We'll make a couple. Ago. Yeah. Did I watch something last weekend?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

Maybe that was okay. Go on. So we've been we've been chugging through oh, I got another one I can add, actually. We've been chugging through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

Disney movies from back in the day, and there are there are three that we've shared with our kids that have been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

we'll just say interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

Honey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

I Shrunk the Kids was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

I think it was good. I enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

Pepper Annus. Yeah. I'm a little little nervous about watching the sequel, to be completely honest with you. Yeah. I don't know what to expect there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

We also watched Flubber,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

which Nice. Was Williams. Yeah. That was it was good clean fun. My kids loved it. Yep. We watched Brave Little Toaster, which I had really fond memories of, and that was absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

Was it? Is that Brad Bird? That's some Pixar guy now. I don't know who it was, man. It was just so painful. Life little toaster. Yeah. And and I remember I watched it at the drive through with my family, but it was it was not good. It was not good at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

I have watched so I I'm always drawn to movies that are based on true stories for for better or for worse. I think Same. You know, real life is exciting. It's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

I watched Ford versus Ferrari,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:08]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

I mean, even if you're not a car guy, I think it's just a really awesome story. It's so cool. The movie is so well done. The acting is fantastic. You would love Batman in it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:20]

I I was going to watch this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:23]

in preparation because, like, I was interested in this when it was in theaters,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:27]

but it turns out it's just on your fancy HBO subscription.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:31]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

yeah, that that's exactly how I watched it. And I was so excited to see it there because it's one I actually wanted to see in theaters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

Yeah. And then just didn't get around to. Because, you know, having kids going to theater stuff. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

I am a real big fan of Carroll Shelby's work, you know, as far as the cars that he designed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:51]

And so this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:53]

I mean, he's that's that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

Matt Damon. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:58]

Was gonna I don't know. I haven't seen it. Oh, my gosh. I'm gonna Probably Matt Damon's and everything. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:03]

Not my favorite. I always get him and Ben Affleck confused. Yeah. It's Matt Damon. So Matt Damon Ben Affleck is Batman. The Well new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

so the other Batman is in this, which is Christian Bale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:13]

So Christian Bale and Matt Damon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:16]

you know, play together. And I I'm I'm not gonna give it away here, but I'll just say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

It's it's a sad movie. It's actually a really sad movie. It leaves angry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:27]

and and hurt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

But I think, you know, that's that's life. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

was a good movie. Everybody should watch it. It's it's really not I didn't think it was that long. Maybe it was just in my head, but I didn't think it was that long either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

And I enjoyed it. The other one that I saw just recently was Midway,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

which Also looks very good. Oh, it was unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

good. I couldn't I couldn't get over how much I liked it. Missus Lemon was completely not interested.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

Right? Yeah. She was doing the dishes and it was just like, I'm, know, whatever. You just go ahead and watch it. It was July 4. That's interesting to me. Yeah. Well, I don't think she realized the context of Midway. Yeah. Got it. So so like the gist, right, of Midway

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

is you you have Midway Island, which is like halfway it's Midway between Hawaii and Japan. Right? It's kinda like in that that big space. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

this is after the attack on Pearl Harbor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:27]

The Americans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

are intercepting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:30]

messages from the Japanese,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

and they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

make an attempt on the Japanese fleet to put it out of commission. And they strike hard, and it was just like a really swift, important

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:42]

victory for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:44]

the Americans in World War two after they had really we've gotten our our butts kicked. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:50]

this movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:51]

starts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:52]

like, literally a couple days before Pearl Harbor and follows this character who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

is just a fantastic pilot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:00]

at the Battle of Midway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:02]

And the acting is solid. That Jonas Brothers is in it. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:07]

did a great job with the sound. The sound on this movie is phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:12]

The cinematography,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:13]

the CGI is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

way better than anything I've seen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

you know, from a similar, like, genre period.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

it's just good. That and then that movie, you walk away feeling pretty darn good about. So Nice. You know, I I I definitely definitely recommend that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:31]

In a similar vein,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:33]

the Apple TV plus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

Apple TV plus. Yeah. There we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:38]

Big release was Greyhound. Have you watched the trailer or any of this? I don't think I've seen it. No. Okay. This this, like, got Lutherans everywhere excited because he he quotes the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:49]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:50]

morning and evening prayer from Luther's small catechism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:52]

literally at the beginning of the end of the the movie. So obviously, it's a Lutheran movie. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

Obviously. Yeah. Lutheran movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:00]

But, you know, in Shostrink

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:02]

Redemption, he whistles the bad tune to a mighty fortress. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:10]

It's it's a really good movie. It's actually a short movie. It's it's Tom Hanks. He wrote it. He directed it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:16]

and he act he started it. And it is I call it Tom Hanks. Yeah. I've never seen a bad Tom Hanks movie. Oh, I'm I'm sure we could come up with one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:24]

But it's this is this is not it, and this is totally worth totally worth watching.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:30]

It's, again, a World War two flick. It's about this captain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

who, on his first trip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:37]

escorting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:39]

you know, freighters and and whatnot across the Atlantic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:42]

faces off a group of u boats.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:46]

Nice. And, you know, keeping all these ships safe. They lose a bunch of them, but he sinks like four u boats in the course of it. And it's his it's his maiden vision mission that that area. And you'll find out that actually in this trip across the Atlantic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:58]

there's this there's this area where they can't get air cover. And so air cover is the most important thing to to defend yourself against u boats. And it's it's a really tense movie, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:08]

it's a it's a pretty solid story. Like, it's a deep story. Right? If you're not willing to sit there and think and contemplate on this character and what he's emotionally going through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:17]

to get to the end, right, to get back to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:21]

England,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:22]

then don't don't bother with it. But if you're willing to, like, concentrate and focus on the emotion of it, it's a it's a really good movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:28]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:29]

Alright. My last one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:32]

Knives Out. Have do you remember this one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:35]

I remember

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:37]

lots of chatter about it. I can't remember if I wanted to see it or not. So this has got Captain America in it, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

I this did not interest me. I like, I'll I'll be completely honest. I was not this is not one I would want to go see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:50]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:52]

missus Lemon was jonesing to see it, and it was excellent. It was a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:57]

fun movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:58]

You got some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:00]

hard hitting names there. Yeah. John Johnson, Daniel Craig, Chris Evans, Jamie Lee Curtis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:05]

like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:06]

Daniel Craig has a southern accent in this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:09]

Really? Yeah. It's bizarre, man. Is genuinely bizarre to watch James Bond talk like he's from Georgia.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:16]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:17]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:18]

it was a great movie and I totally totally recommend it. So I it was way more fun than I thought it would be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:24]

Yep. There you go. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:27]

So I've got two on the list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:29]

Probably when we started talking about movies, I decided to start watching movies. The first is Molly's Game. Have you ever heard of this? I haven't. What's what's this one about? So this is also based on real life,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:40]

and it's about this girl who is, like, ready to become

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:45]

a competitive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:46]

Olympic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:47]

skier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:48]

like downhill skier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:50]

injures herself and finds herself in LA

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:54]

starting a poker game or working with people to start a poker game that brings in all these big names.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:01]

So Tobey Maguire was one of the big ones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:04]

He got, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:08]

a rod, people like that. So she

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:11]

she starts just serving as hostess for these games, and eventually, she has a disagreement with her boss who brought her in initially. So she goes to start her own games, and then she gets tied up in some Rico case.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:23]

So it kinda plays out the whole story of that life, but it was very interesting. I'm probably not doing it justice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:28]

Drama,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:29]

interesting based on real life. You're missing the most important thing to drop about this movie that would lure me into watching it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:40]

It's written by Aaron Sorkin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:43]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:44]

You know who you know who Sorkin is. Right? Not by name. Stanley. My gosh. The first I mean, he created West Wing and the first three and a half seasons were largely written by him. I've seen all of five episodes of West Wing. Think all of them in your house. So the the first three seasons, man, are some of the best television ever written.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:03]

Yeah. So this is based off of her

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:06]

memoir. I don't know if it's really a memoir, but she basically wrote a book so she could make money to pay legal fees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:13]

So very good. I'd recommend it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:16]

The one that we watched last weekend was Perks of Being a Wallflower,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:20]

mostly because there's a book that people are supposed to read. I watched it. It's got Hermione in it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:28]

and it was kinda weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:30]

So I don't know anything about this. What what's the premise?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:34]

So it's this guy who's got some mental issues, which is kind of like an underlying story,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:40]

But, like, he doesn't have friends, and then it's him

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:44]

basically joining up with all these misfits

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:46]

in high school. It's a high school

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:48]

weird kid movie, I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:51]

So, like like breakfast club?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:54]

Kind of. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:56]

it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:00]

not just about detention.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:01]

So, like, he moves to the snooze it's his first year of high school, and he makes friends with all these misfits and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:08]

yeah. Okay. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:11]

it was weird. Wouldn't recommend it. So real quick. Just I I wanna I I'm still, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:17]

it's registering with me. You don't know who Aaron Sorkin is. A Few Good Men.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:21]

Sought. Yeah. He wrote that. The American president?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:25]

Never saw it. Oh, man. It's such a good movie. He wrote that. Charlie Wilson's War?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:30]

Never saw it. Moneyball?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:32]

Saw it. Okay. Yeah. He wrote that one too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:35]

So he's writer. He gets these writer credits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:38]

Yeah. I mean, in in the case of the movie you're talking about, Molly's Game, he actually directed it as well. But what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:44]

about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:46]

did you see a Steve Jobs movie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:49]

I've seen two Steve Jobs movies. K. You probably saw Ashton Kutcher or the other one. I believe it's the Kutcher one that is the Sorkin flick. Let me nope. I'm totally wrong. His is the one with Michael Fassbender.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:03]

So the TV show news on Netflix currently. The Newsroom or Studio sixty on the Sunset Strip or Sports Night. Did you ever see any of those? No. But I've heard of some. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:13]

He's he's a pretty fantastic writer. I think he does good stuff. We'll just leave it at that. Alright. Well, Stan, you should watch it. It's on Netflix, though. So Yeah. I don't have Netflix. I wish you did. Hey. We can swap. You can give me HBO access, and I'll give you Netflix access.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:27]

We we definitely could do that. We could do that. I might

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:32]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:33]

this this reminded me of something I wanted to tell you. I I I it's okay to plug another podcast on the show. Right? Absolutely. Especially if they'll invite us on as guests. I don't think they'll do that. So there's Invite them out as guests. There's a Vox podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:47]

Recode is owned by Vox.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:49]

Here, basically, talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:51]

popular podcasts. Yep. Not like us at all. No interest. Right. So Got it. There's one called Land of the Giants, though, and they're featuring Netflix and really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:59]

how Netflix has changed everything in terms of media.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:02]

Yep. And so far, it's pretty good. I would I would highly recommend it after you listen to our podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:09]

Which they would have to because we're nearing the end, but I think we wanna talk about the future of movie theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:17]

Yeah. So this is I mean, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:20]

I I've watched a ton of movies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:22]

in the last couple of months. On your 72 inch screen. It's just No surround sound. You got a soundbar, though. Yeah. I gotta I gotta upgrade that. That's a whole other discussion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:34]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:35]

I this, you know, this has been a troubling time for theaters in general. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:40]

I it it does I think it begs the question is these places like Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:45]

and Apple TV plus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:47]

and and probably others as well are trying to figure out how to do releases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:51]

So, you know, you think about Onward, which went

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:54]

I guess I was in theaters for a hot minute. I was in theaters. Yeah. Until before they closed, so it released.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:00]

But, yeah, once they realized we aren't gonna get anybody else to see it, they moved it on online. Yeah. It was Hamilton.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:07]

Hamilton. That one that one surprises me less, I think. But this Greyhound, I think, really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:13]

is a big deal because that was slated for theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:17]

Sony sold the rights to Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:20]

for, I think, I I read $70,000,000.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:23]

Wow. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:25]

I I just keep thinking, like, what what is the future of movie going

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:29]

look like as these places are learning how to release

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:32]

a movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:33]

that either I am going to stream through a service or I'm going to rent?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:37]

And the conclusion that I've kinda reached is, I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:41]

for me personally, I know this is, like, setting aside the fact that businesses will close and people lose their jobs, all of which is not great. But for me personally, I actually kinda like the idea of not having to go to the theater again. You know? Yeah. So here's here's the deal. I mean, like, in Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:57]

or Milwaukee and certainly Cedar Rapids,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:00]

these aren't big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:02]

film cities.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:04]

So, generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:05]

the theater experience leaves something to desire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:09]

Now if you go to the big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:12]

Chicago theaters or LA or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:16]

even some of, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:17]

the Sundance stuff, like, the experience

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:21]

of going to see the movie is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:24]

so much better. I mean, they're on point with how the sound is calibrated to the room. The video is always in focus, which I've had a really hard time about with Marcus Theater specifically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:35]

We're like, okay. Just adjust your focus on your lens there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:39]

Good to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:41]

But yeah. So seating's top notch. You get, like, waitstaff before the movie, bring any food to your seat, things like that. But, generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:51]

run of the mill theater,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:52]

not worth it, especially since you deal with people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:56]

coughing next to you or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:58]

going

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:59]

on opening night and people talking around you and things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:03]

So I I agree with what you just said. I will say there is something to be said for a packed movie theater on an opening night show, and the with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:11]

all your all your friends. Yeah. But even like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:14]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:15]

when Sarah and I went and saw Black Panther in theaters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:19]

right, like, crowd was so into that movie. Yeah. And it there there is something to that. I I will I will give you that. But it is just so bloody expensive, and it's like a it's just a big consumption of my time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:32]

I I would much rather have the food in my house. I'd also much rather hit pause

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:37]

to go to the bathroom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:38]

Yep. And so I keep thinking And about subtitles. Do you watch movies with subtitles, son? Yeah. I do now because I'm old. I do too. And, like, you there's movies that I've seen 10 times, and I can actually pick up something that they've said that I've never known before. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:55]

I don't I don't think those that make movies would wanna hear that, John. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:59]

you know, I where I where I keep coming back to is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:03]

for families,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:05]

The theater is is just not a conducive place. Oh, absolutely. You know, it's I I buy four tickets, and then I gotta contend with soda pop and popcorn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:15]

Because if I don't get those things, then I'm the evil dad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:19]

And and by the time I do that, you know, I'm at a $100.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:22]

I wanna go and just see something with my wife,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:25]

I'm out more than a $100 actually because I gotta pay for the babysitter, you know. So Now, You're moving out of that stage here soon, Stanley. I got a couple years, buddy. I got a couple years. You think so? Yeah. I think I think probably Lucy doesn't have the rapport?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:41]

I I just think she's gonna be able to hold her own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:45]

Two and a half years, maybe. We'll see. That's kinda what I'm what I'm targeting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:49]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:50]

that that to me is where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:53]

I think there's a real opportunity for these movie production companies to to actually make some more money. Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:59]

Sure. If you look at the number of times I take the whole family out to the theater in a year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:04]

it's probably twice Once. Twice. Yeah. Maybe three times. If we've got two good Marvel There's releases bunch of Marvel movies. Two Marvel releases and a Star Wars movie the same year, then we're probably doing three. Right? Yeah. So, I mean, that's the thing. Like, there's certain movies

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:19]

actually, there was a while where Anne and I would go usually about once a month just because it was something to do. That might have been at the beginning of last year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:26]

But, generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:28]

for the actual theater experience,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:31]

it's your Star Wars movies or your Marvel movies that makes sense to watch on a three story screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:38]

So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:40]

Yeah. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:42]

you know, contrasting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:44]

this, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:48]

if I could, say, drop $20

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:52]

to rent a movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:54]

on the day of its release.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:56]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:57]

Which is an expensive rental, but we're talking, like, rather than go to the theater, I'm gonna drop $20.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:01]

Yep. I I think I would see a lot more than just three movies a year. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:06]

You know? And so there's an opportunity to be had there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:10]

for the movie business. Again, like, I don't know what you do with theaters. Like, you got the buildings, the people, and all that. And and I I don't I I never want anybody to lose their job. But I do think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:22]

you know, COVID is forcing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:24]

the movie industry to think differently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:28]

And I I I like the potential there. Just like I think with sports. Right? COVID's gonna force sports to think about these stupid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:35]

stupid, stupid, stupid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:37]

contracts they have with with TV networks. I mean Yep. And I hope I hope, like, the NFL and Major League Baseball in particular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:45]

will take a step back and reevaluate what they're doing and see some dollars that are on the table

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:51]

that they're not gonna get by having their stadiums at half capacity. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:56]

Yeah. I mean, this is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:59]

like, basic customer service at this point, right, especially for these sports contracts.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:05]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:06]

I can't watch the Cubs living in Iowa

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:10]

at all Right. Because I can't subscribe to watch their games because they're all blacked out. And I don't have cable, so I don't watch them there. And now all Cubs games are on the smart key network, which I am fairly certain my cable providers in the area will not carry.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:24]

So Yeah. I mean, I'm not a Cubs fan, but I wouldn't be able to watch them either. And I there's I've got similar challenges with the Pirates now.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:31]

MLB will let me pay a pretty penny for some of them as long as they're not playing the reds or the Cubs or the brewers

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:38]

or the cardinals. And suddenly, my whole division is just, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:43]

not accessible.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:44]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:46]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:48]

there's opportunity here. I think the future of theaters is definitely at risk, and I'm okay with that from a cultural standpoint.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:57]

Now, I I also like you said, I got the 70 inch television, you know? And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:01]

I You got room in the basement to build the screening room? I I do. And my soundbar is not that bad as much as you knock it. It could be better. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:10]

I can get a pretty good movie experience here. The popcorn that missus Lemon makes is far better. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:15]

Your couch is comfier.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:17]

Yeah. Oh, definitely. Definitely. And I don't have to wear pants when I'm watching And you can drink your own beer and not pay $30 a bottle. I told you about the last time I asked for Manhattan at the theater. Right? Yeah. That was bad. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:30]

weddings and hotel bars, man. That's that's all you gotta that's all you can do.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:35]

High end restaurants. Lesson learned, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:38]

Lesson learned.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:41]

On that note, my friend, I think that is enough movie talk for one episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:45]

I'm sure I will watch something more and maybe you will too so that we can we can discuss ad nausea. And next week We can become a movie podcast. We could. We totally could. But next week,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:56]

I promise to report back on the dying refrigerator.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:00]

And that's all I'll leave. I'll just leave that there as a little bit of a teaser for next week's episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:04]

Alright. Take us off, Stan. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:10]

your hands and wear a mask.
