---
title: Nashville and Disney+
episode: 72
date: '2019-11-21T14:21:20.000Z'
slug: nashville-and-disney/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. You're gonna have to cut out that whole thing. You can't you just can't include that in the episode. Alright? That's gonna get me into way too much trouble.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

It's kinda like last week's episode when I cut out the part where my Internet died. Well, yeah. But but this part was actually controversial.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

You know, just the the proper use of ketchup. It's not something I'm willing to tackle this week. Yeah. We don't want Chicago people talking about ketchup here. No. No. So just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

leave that out. Leave that out. We'll we'll start the show now. Alright. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

And take two. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

you're back from Nashville.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

I am back from Nashville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

Have been for a while now. Do you remember what you told me you were gonna do in Nashville?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

I told you that I was gonna go to Ed Lee's and eat barbecue. Well, that was one thing. That's not the one I'm I'm I'm wanting to address right now. Do you remember what else you told me you were gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

Eat hot chicken. That that is another thing, but that's not the one that I'm thinking of. Third third tries a charm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

Get stuck in CMA traffic? No. No. You really don't remember?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

I don't remember. I even left you a hint in our notes. So you told me that when you were in Nashville, you were going to walk across

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

a roundabout, and I want to know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

did you do it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

I did not. So I actually did not spend any time in Downtown Nashville. The roundabout that I'm thinking of is just off of Music Row.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

So, no, not this trip, Stan. Okay. Well, you have failed both me and the few listeners I still have left. Yeah. Whoever survived the macaroni and cheese episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

But We got there wasn't any, like, anger around that that I heard. Oh, I definitely got a couple text messages. I definitely got a couple text messages. And there was also the color commentary from my wife who thought that maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

I took it a little too far, but whatever, you know, it's she's used to it by now. I did receive a text message

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

from,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

Sarah Longmire,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

inspiration for the topic, and she said, Mac and Cheese episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

excellent. It's all caps, John, which I think I think that means it's serious. I don't think she's yelling at us. I think she means it's serious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

I think you really did a great job breaking down the difference. Thanks for this important So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

she is in agreement with you. As our regular listeners will know, I did not have a strong opinion either way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:44]

But in general, I thought Stan's logic was sound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

It it that's because it was, John. Okay. But back to the roundabout. You didn't walk across the roundabout like you said you would?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

No. I did not. Okay. Well, guess what? In a in a cruel twist of fate no. I most certainly did not because that's just stupid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

But in a cruel twist of fate, I saw two individuals back to back walking across a roundabout,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

and I realized why it's a stupid idea to cross a roundabout.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

Because nobody looks the direction that pedestrians should be walking. That's the number two reason. That's number two reason. But the number one reason is it stops the flow of traffic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

and the whole purpose of the roundabout

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

is for the traffic to move.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:29]

And I just Do remember when you were a cyclist, Dan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

Your marvelous days and how you hated automobiles

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

and were always fearing for your life? Yeah. So pedestrians rank higher than cyclists.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

don't I don't know if I agree with that. But think about it. Right? Like, they are a 120%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

obstruction,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

and the one thing you're not supposed to do in a roundabout is stop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

And you have to stop for the people crossing the roundabout.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

So don't cross roundabouts. Go a different way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

Okay, Sam. This is our business opportunity right here. You know, like those,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

skywalks that take you over, like, freeways and stuff? You wanna do skywalks for roundabouts?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

Yes. I do. Okay. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

I'm not opposed to this. I think it it would be a significant upgrade over just straight up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

stopping the roundabout. And I think the way to do it would be to do two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

like, sets of stairs and and and catwalk, like, that cross each other as an x

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

with central support in the middle of the roundabout so that you could cross

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

in every direction without ever having to lay a foot on the roundabout and stop it. So the only people that will stop the roundabout traffic are the stupid people. Stupid people will stop. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

much safer for pedestrians.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

So how do we make it so that nobody can steal this idea after they listen to this episode? I I don't know. We'll have to claim a patent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

of some sort and get a lawyer and file it. I don't see that happening, but let's do this. Before we release this episode before we release this episode, I will I will draw a picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

of what we are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

conceiving here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

and you can put it on the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

right, so that it's permanent. Like, we can claim

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

origin to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

Can I do one of those things that says, like, start the episode off with by listening to this episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

you agree not to steal our ideas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

then sign away all your rights? Like, that's And just to be clear. Binding or something. Yeah. We should we should probably do that. But just to be clear, it's not just the roundabout catwalk that we're talking about. It's also the corner on the philosophy of mac and cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:38]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Oh, John. What what an episode. I don't even know where we're gonna go next. Actually, I wanna hear about both Edley's and the hot chicken because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:46]

food. So I'm just full of disappointments today, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

So like I said, I did not go into actual Downtown Nashville aside from driving through, so I did not make the Edley's trip. I did eat brisket. I don't remember the name of the place. Are you But you made it all way to Nashville. You didn't go to Edley's. There's, like, two locations, and I don't There's one on the South Side Of Nashville, and it told me they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

told me that it was gonna take me, like, thirty minutes to get there. This was after I sat in a conference for ten hours that day, and I just didn't wanna deal with Nashville traffic. Because if you've ever been to Cedar Rapids, Cedar Rapids rush hour is nothing. Like, the traffic keeps moving. Okay. So what what did you eat in place of Edley's? Was that the hot chicken night?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

So I ate hot chicken.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

I ate hot chicken twice, actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

First time was not hot enough, so I had to go out in search of hotter hot chicken. It those they were different hot chicken places?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

They were. Okay. Tell us about them, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:45]

So the first one, I don't remember the names of any of these places. I would have to look it up. That's helpful. But the the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

first one, I ordered hot chicken. I got it. I had a Bite Squad deliver it. Bite Squad is like a Grubhub competitor or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:01]

I've never heard of them. Did you have to download an app? I did have to download an app. Okay. Actually, I had the app because they also serve Cedar Rapids. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

so I ordered it, and I went through the thing, and the food came,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

and the chicken wasn't like burn your mouth off hot chicken. I mean, there was some spice. It wasn't just like fried chicken, but not what exactly what I was looking for. And it was cold. Oh. So cold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

cold fried chicken was bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:31]

So overall, that experience was not memorable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

So the next day for lunch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

I actually went to a place that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

was near the hotel, and I got lunch there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

And I got the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

second

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

hottest

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

part because the first hottest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

you had to sign a waiver for, and I didn't think that was a good idea for lunch the day before I was gonna drive home. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

That was that was probably a good call. Although, in my experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

when food is hot enough, you have to sign a waiver for it, the effect is usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

less than twenty four hours. So you might you might have been okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

So I went with the executioner

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

level, which you didn't have to sign it. And this was, like, what I imagined Nashville hot chicken to be. Started sweating a little bit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:21]

Mouth mouth was burning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

Did you get milk? I did not get milk. Did you get a beer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

I did not get a beer. What is I didn't drink any beer in Nashville. Did you have water? Like, what did you drink?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

So I got a fountain drink. I think it was lemonade or something like that. Okay. Alright. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

perfectly acceptable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

So that was delicious. I would do it again. What what came with the hot chicken? Did you get, like, coleslaw?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

Yeah. So the hot chicken

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

came with fries. So I got the fries. There were some other sides for an upcharge, but none of them looked worth it. So there weren't, greens or anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:59]

There might have been mac and cheese, which potentially could have been good, but So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

when with a hot chicken dish, basically, any meat that you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

are trying to injure somebody with, I like a good mayo based

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

coleslaw.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

Uh-huh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

And the reason is primarily because, you know, it's relative or can be relatively light,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

and the mayo itself, because of the fattiness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

cuts down on the heat. Right? It's the same effect as milk. I don't particularly enjoy drinking milk just by itself. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

you know, the the coleslaw will kinda help with that. Now, you go vinegar coleslaw, you totally lose that effect, so just keep that in mind, dear listener.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:42]

So the other thing that this place had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

no. It was the other place. The other place that I got delivered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

They had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

hand spun milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

Oh, did you get one? I did get one. Oh. And it was darn good. Alright, John. Tell us more. Was this a chocolate milkshake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

This was a chocolate milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

and it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:03]

had what appeared to be hot spots on the outside,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

but it was all for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

presentation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:09]

Oh. So they, like, coat the but the milks milkshake was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:15]

on the thick side, but it came with a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:18]

good milkshake straw. So it wasn't too bad to that front,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

but smooth all the way through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:24]

Didn't taste like it was Hershey's chocolate syrup. It tasted like it was a solid,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

I think it was probably still vanilla ice cream based,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:33]

with some sort of chocolate flavoring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

But yeah. Did you said Good milkshake. Did I hear you say you had that delivered?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

I did. So you chanced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

the delivery of a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

That's bold, John. That's very bold.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

And it came.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

this whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:57]

food delivery thing from, you know, places that don't just run their own delivery service,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

I don't think it's quite there yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

The whole experience is less than desirable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

What what about your experience didn't go smoothly besides the cold chicken? I mean, that was that's an obvious one. Right. Yeah. So the first thing is, like, they say, alright. It's gonna take

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:18]

forty five minutes to an hour to deliver.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

And then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:22]

they have like, it can track your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:25]

order. So it says, hey. Your order is in process or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

So, like, half an hour later, I get a text from Bite Squad said your order is delayed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

new delivery window.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

So that's all good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

But, like, I don't know. It's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

they call in your order, and then the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

delivery driver picks it up, and then they bring it to you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

it just takes a long time, and the food was cold. Milkshake was not melted, so that's good. That's that's what impresses me. That I like, I would never think I would never think to dare

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

a driver to deliver me a milkshake that wasn't completely melted. So, again, bold moves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

Hey. You only live once. Right? Yeah. Now, I I will say my experience with, like, Uber Eats and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

DoorDash has been relatively similar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

Yeah. In Indianapolis, we have a thing called cluster truck, which actually it's like it's a kitchen. They actually make food from local places and deliver it, so they're not going to a place to pick it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

food there is consistently hot and well done. It does take a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

And I've had, you know, kinda hit or miss on whether or they they land properly. What kinda boggles my mind about all this, I was just the other day noticing Burger King advertising that they are now doing something with Uber Eats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

you know, like, with delivery and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

like, it's great. If they do a close partnership, maybe it'll work. But what what bugs me about this is if you set aside pizza, right, which has made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

awful delivery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

a thing for decades now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

If you set that aside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

I vividly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

remember in 2004

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

discovering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

a little sandwich shop that could deliver to me a sandwich,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

a bag of chips,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

and a drink

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

in, fifteen minutes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

and it was as Freaky fast, you might say? It was freaky fast, John. And it has continued to be freaky fast. So I feel like Jimmy John's somehow figured out how to ace that, and I I don't I don't know what they do differently, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

you know, like, that's the model I think these places need to aspire to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

in general, like, I'm in Cedar Rapids and at home, I'm not gonna make use of this thing. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:56]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

avoiding Nashville traffic seemed worth it to me. I could see that, especially after a long day with a conference. I I definitely wouldn't wanna go out again. And I was I was in a hotel with no room service, and this was cheaper than room service. So You probably lucked out. In my experience, room service is not very good, and it's usually, like, ridiculously expensive. So Yep. You might dodged a bullet there. Although cold chicken. I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

know. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

Alright, John. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

in other news, you know, I've been on the Hulu bandwagon for a little bit here?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

I guess I knew that. Like the live TV one? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. K. So it was like $44.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

They're bumping up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

Their price is the $54.99,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

and I'm out, man. I'm out. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

Because you can get cable for that much? Well, it's definitely on the, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

cable TV territory as far as pricing goes. And do I wanna do an actual cable box? No. But the thing that has me really frustrated is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

Hulu TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

had two competitive edges in my mind. One was the price. They were about $10 less than pretty much everybody else. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

I'll put an asterisk on Sling TV, but but I'll come back to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

The other bit was their channel selection was vastly superior. I could get all of my locals. I could get ESPN.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

Like, it just it all worked out really well. I had exactly what I wanted. Plus, I had the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

streaming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

stuff from like the individual episode streaming stuff from Hulu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

Now Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

Sling TV, right, you can get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

a cheaper plan, but you have to do this. Like, they've got two plans and you can get both or one or the other, the blue and the orange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

And it's Right. Unnecessarily complicated, and you cannot, like, get ESPN and the NFL network without paying for the whole bundle. So they they definitely, like, play their cards right there. There's no true sports lover package that I could just go for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

Yeah. And and so I don't do that. But I I I don't know, man. I I think this is gonna hurt Hulu. I think continue to inch that price up. Like, once once below $50, there's this mental thing where I think people just, oh, okay. Yeah. You know, I'm still saving money. But now, it's not in that territory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

am inclined

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

to potentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

continue to stream or like do the streaming episode deal, the $5.99 a month or whatever it is. Because my kids have fallen in love with home improvement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

Nice. Yeah. Which is a show that I watched as a kid and and genuinely enjoy. So, you know. So remind me of this when we get to our last topic, which hopefully will encompass all of Disney plus instead of just what's listed there. Okay. We can do that. We can do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Kinda chugging along, John. I think it is time for a life tip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

A life tip from love. Yeah. Alright. So I've actually I don't know if I agree with this one. That's life. Interesting. Okay. Well, a little healthy debate is always good. That's what all So I've actually mentioned this before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

I think when we're talking about car maintenance, but I I personally recommend that you get your oil changed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

at a car dealership.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

Now you disagree, John. I'm a tell you why and then then have at it. Basically, car dealerships tend to buy oil in such large quantities that they sell them to you pretty cheap. And so you go to Jiffy Lube or whatever, at least in my experience, which you would think they buy oil in large quantities too, but whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

They, are noticeably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

more expensive in my opinion. And the other advantage with the car dealership is you typically have a somewhat decent waiting room. Maybe you can get a free Sprite or Coca Cola, and most importantly, John, they have popcorn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

Why don't Anything else? No. That's that's it. Why don't you like the car dealership, John? Do you remember how much you've paid for your last oil change? $40.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:56]

So I can get my oil change cheaper than you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

Let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

clarify. I get full synthetic in the minivan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

I get full synthetic as well. Oh, interesting. Where do you go? Are you did you do it yourself, John? Is that what you're gonna tell

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

No. You probably would end up in that area if you did it yourself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

Probably more if you factor in time costs and having to dispose of the oil. No. I have a mechanic that I go to for everything. He's actually connected with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:25]

a Goodyear shop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:26]

So, basically, my first thing there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

was have them do the oil change.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

So it's a relatively low risk thing so that you can feel out how they work and see if they mess anything up or try to gouge you on something else.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

And it went well. Later on, I bought four new tires from them for a really good price.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

And so I always go to the same place

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

and get all my work done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

Oil change, change the oil filter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:57]

They don't do, like, cabin and engine filters unless you ask them to, but I do those myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

And they do an inspection every time I get an oil change too. Alright. So I have to ask. I've I've shown my cards. How much does your oil change cost, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

I spent $29

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

last time. Oh. Did you have a coupon?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

I did not. That there might have been a special going on. But Okay. Alright. I'd be curious what your potentially non special price is. However, I will say this, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

your suggestion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

to use this as a method of testing a mechanic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

is a brilliant one. I'll I'll embrace that. Embrace that. That can be the life tip. I think the the big takeaway here is the big chain oil change places.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

10 if you'll be able to spend, like, $80 for a synthetic Easily. At least. Easily. Yeah. And so I think the big chain ones are not worth it. I don't even think they're convenient, quite honestly. Because at least with my Honda dealership, they'll take me as a walk in in the middle of the day. And most of the time, if I'm not at the very start of the day or the very end of it, slam dunk, they'll take care of me. So Nice. Yeah. Yeah. I usually make an appointment for mine, but I mean, we'll do that too, like, you know, if if it's if it's convenient and we can plan around it, but thus far, it's actually worked out pretty well. I will say, when I am able to schedule it ahead of time, I schedule first thing in the morning. They have WiFi. They usually have a Keurig. I can make some coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

and they have comfy seats. Like, I think that's one of the other other advantages.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

That's what you have going for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

My Goodyear place has comfy seats. Their coffee is absolutely terrible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

Their Wi Fi is respectable. Okay. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

in the parking lot, like, in walking distance next door is a Starbucks. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

Ah. That's at least as good as Keurig coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

Yeah. Well, you know what I do at Starbucks. Right? I was at the Americano, so I don't have to taste the crappy coffee. Oh, you used you changed. You used to do the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

what did you used to do? I do a blonde a blonde Americano. Blonde. Yeah. Okay. Blonde Americano with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

a splash of whole milk to cut the residual acidity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

Alright. So there you go. That's that's a discussion for another time. Alright, John. Moving on. We gotta we gotta stick with the the minimalism. Master minimalism. Capsule wardrobe. Do you even know what this is? I know what this is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

I do not partake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:19]

When

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

missus Kolmeyer watched the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:23]

tidying up series,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

she learned how to, like, fold the Marie Kondo way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

So that isn't quite capsule wardrobe, but it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

keeps space there. So my understanding of a capsule wardrobe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

is that it's and and I'm gonna quote Wikipedia here. It's a collection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

of a few essential items of clothing that don't go out of fashion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

Right? So I think of, like, in in my world,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

I have,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

jeans, right, that I can Yep. Intersperse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

as needed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

I have, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

a sweater that is pretty generic enough that I can substitute in. I think this lists skirts, trousers, coats. I also have coats that I can substitute in as needed. But the idea is to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

limit the number of full

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

outfits that you wear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

and use a select set of pieces that you can mix and match

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

in order to create lots of permutations. And so you can save space, and then also just kinda, you know, keep down the, the amount of stuff that you have. I think there's something to this. I think if if I remember right from our previous conversation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

you're a bit of a clothes hoarder, aren't you, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

I guess. In the fact that I am too lazy to go and get rid of things that I never wear. Well, I tell you what, John. If you're keeping them and you're not using them, that's not minimalism, buddy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

You gotta go master your closet and your dresser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

I actually Yeah. I make a routine of every couple months trying to look at, like, clothes I have not worn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

And sometimes Yeah. It's just because they're not at the top of the drawer. Other times, it's because I just don't wanna wear them. Right? And so I try to consciously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

you know, go after those and and make a decision. Like, I'm gonna start wearing this regularly now or I'm gonna get rid of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Sure. You know, the the first time I did that, there was obviously a lot of stuff to get rid of, and it's progressively gotten less and less. But I think this whole capsule wardrobe idea is, in and of itself, really not a bad thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:28]

Yep. I agree.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:30]

I think that it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

probably is more for somebody who thinks more about fashion than I do, because I just wear what ever is clean. So I guess all my stuff is pretty

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

I don't even know what the word is. Things that I can wear in many different situations or with other things, but I don't have, like I have a suit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

There you go. I it sounds like you're borderline capsulately. I I wonder, John, what will it take? Could you would you do it for the sake of the podcast to go through your closet and purge? Go through it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:03]

Sure. But not before next episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

Alright. We'll, we'll hold you to that. You've got some time coming off from work, I hope. You know what you know what the problem is? Is I'm gonna do this, and I'm gonna get rid of things that I probably should have gotten rid of, like, three months ago, and then I'm gonna have to buy new things because I have just been wearing clothes in disrepair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

Hey. That's I I that is definitely a struggle. The struggle is real, my friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

Alright, John. Alright. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

you you were my cheapest friend, and I say that mostly in love, but you did splurge for Disney plus. Did you not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

Depends on how you define splurge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

I got it at the absolute lowest price that you can get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

But you paid for how many years?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

Three years. Okay. I think that's a bit of a splurge, buddy. Alright. Fair enough. But I think that I also The point here is pay for Amazon Prime. Yeah. But you probably did that for other reasons, didn't you? I mean, actually, I guess that's that's a that's a point. Did you do you pay for Amazon Prime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

for streaming TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

music,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

or any of those services?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

No. Yeah. Exactly. See, I I too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

only pay for Amazon Prime because I want packages quickly. Everything else Yep. Is kind of a side benefit. But Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

Alright. Alright. But you did, my friend. You did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

go out and get yourself Disney Plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

I did. So I wanna know, what'd you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

So far, I love the content on Disney Plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

The app itself is slick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

So I've been using it on a Fire Stick, and then I used it on my phone once as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

Basically, same app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

just different devices.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

Overall, it works slick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:48]

Well, there's one thing that really, really bugs me. What's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:53]

It doesn't keep track

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

so that I can easily go to the next episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:58]

in the series.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

that I have watched more than a single episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

at a time, so I haven't encountered that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

I agree with you the app is generally slick. It was rough, and I mean really, really rough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

on the first day out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

Down? Yeah. So by the time I watched Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

on Tuesday evening, it was working fine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

I did run into some performance

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

issues on Friday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

Okay. Probably when the second Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

thing hit and it you know, first Friday after it was out. Yeah. I I mean, I think these drops for something like The Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

probably put on an absurd amount of load. So I I get it, but I'm curious. There's only been two episodes of The Mandalorian. What what else have you watched?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

So I've been watching,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

Runaways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:50]

which is a Marvel TV show. I think it was it originally a Hulu? It was. Yep. Yep. Yeah. So I've been watching through that as I get on my stationary bike here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:02]

And then missus Colmire and I, we watched a old Disney Channel movie on Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

Blank Check. I don't know if you've ever seen that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:13]

It's and, you know, it was still pretty good now that I'm watching it twenty years later. That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

I also introduced missus Kolmeier to Boy Meets World. So we're a couple episodes Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Do you mean introduced her to Boy Meets World? Never seen Boy Meets World before we started watching. Are you kidding me? Are you My kidding father-in-law failed Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

So this is why we did it, Stan. That's that's like that is one of my all time favorite TV shows, like all time. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

there there are very few shows that I love as much as I love Boy Meets World. It is very good. We're maybe five episodes in. They're like twenty minutes long,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

it is really good. So so that is on my queue, my watch list to watch with my kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

And because I think they'll get a kick out of it. I I love that show, man. I was so tickled pink to see it was on Disney plus. I I like, I have no words. I just cannot believe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

that Anna has never seen Boy in its World. But this is where I this is where I saw the the fundamental problem. So, like, Amazon Prime and Netflix do this. They just have, like, recently watched. You go to it, and then it starts playing, like, episode four if you just finished episode three last night.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:33]

Disney plus so far, you have to remember what you watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

and search through it. And so, like, if you watch two episodes in a row, alright. Are we on episode five? And read the little description. Nope. Saw that. Episode six. Read the description. Nope. Saw that. Episode seven. That doesn't sound familiar. Let's try that. So that is a a huge oversight there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

Like, there's no there's no visual cue to show, hey, this has been watched on this profile or something like that. So That's just brutal. Just brutal. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

anything else that has been on your radar here?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

So that's all I've watched so far. I added a bunch of stuff to my watch list. Agent Carter will be after Runaways.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

Unfortunately, I didn't see that Agent Carter was on there until after I started Runaways. That's right. You have a You haven't seen completion list. You haven't seen I have not seen Agent Carter. And see, season one of Agent Carter is probably my favorite,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

like, single season

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

of ABC's Marvel television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

Season two is but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

I did not see Agents of S. E. D. On there, and I don't know if I've seen the most recent seasons there. So it's not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

And supposedly, it was available when they were in the beta. So I am hoping that we'll get it. I have not seen the most recent season. I'm anxious to see it because it's it sounds pretty good from the descriptions I've read. But yeah. Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

I have not watched anything more than the Mandalorian and Star Wars Resistance in just one episode of that. So we've not gotten a ton of airtime out of Disney plus yet, but I got a bunch of stuff in queue. I think the reason, by and large, is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

the kids have been busy. You know, when we get to break time, I think we'll probably be putting on some more TV. We've got the, you know, Tim the Toolman Taylor also as a distraction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

And then my wife and I've been watching Jack Ryan in the evenings. So, you know Got it. But I I will say The Sandlot is on the short list. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

And I'll smash that when I'm there, Stan. Oh, totally before then. Henry is so excited about The Sandlot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

I've got a As he should be. I've got a couple of movies that are queued up for when they release later. So they're not the listings are there, but they're not released yet, in particular, mister Holland's opus and the Mighty Ducks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

Nice. So I'm looking forward to all that. And then I do have Boy Meets World, like said, the kids and I will get into that here eventually. But great catalog. Like, there's Yeah. I saw Darkwing Duck. Sarah was reveling about the Gummy Bears, which I didn't even know that was a show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:02]

So our our,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

dear friend and listener, Daniel Sanchez,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

apparently stayed up way too late one night watching the x men animated series. And and that's that's another one I have queued up because I like, that is Saturday morning for me as a kid. Oh. Right? So I yeah. That'll be fun. I'm I don't I think that'll be fine for my kids. I I I might go and watch it before I share with them. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

To to verify. But that's like that was my that was my introduction to the X Men universe. Yeah. So when the movies came out, that's what I looked back on. That's what I drew from. So oh, man. A lot a lot of great content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

Surprisingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

not a ton of fresh new content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

with the Disney plus rollout,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

which obviously very different from Apple, right, which is all new.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

You know, Amazon's trying to, like, compete right now. They just released Man in the High Castle, the final season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

Jack Ryan, not that long ago, and then Netflix just dropped the crown. And interestingly, Disney's like, you know what? Here. We got one new show. I mean, mostly one new show. And then everything we've made, you know, since the beginning of television time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:09]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

just all of Pixar Yeah. Would keep me busy for months. Yep. All of Pixar, all of Marvel, all of Star Wars. Right? And then all the stuff from Fox, like, it's just it's busting the seams and so much of it is so good. I've got Saving Mister Banks on my short list, like Nice. You know, the Mary Poppins movie and Return of Mary Poppins, like, just a bunch of good stuff that I can't wait to watch. So Yeah. But The Mandalorian is what we were gonna talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

What's, what's your take? First of all, how quickly did you watch The Mandalorian? Because you were in Nashville, weren't you? I was in Nashville. So I did watch it when I, got back to the hotel that night,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:48]

on Tuesday, and I watched it there on my phone. I could have pulled it up on the laptop. I guess I had that with me. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:56]

yeah, I watched it on my phone, and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:59]

I watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

episode two on Friday night when I got home from work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

So my wife woke up at 6AM to the sound of as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

a ship zipped by on my phone because I was streaming it at 6AM from bed. I was so excited and I watched the whole episode before work, prescreened it for the kids, so that after work, I could watch it a second time with the whole gang. I I honestly wasn't sure. I figured it was probably gonna be safe, but I wasn't totally sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

Yep. I mean, you're dealing with a Mandalorian. Yeah. Yeah. And my kids loved Clone Wars. My kids loved Rebels, and there is a lot of Those are on my watch list as well. Oh, you gotta watch this. There's a there's a big Mandalorian presence in both of those. And so, you know, I didn't I came into this. I didn't know what the what the timeline was gonna be, like when this takes place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

They revealed that pretty early on. I was curious. Did you happen to look up and see who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

plays the Mandalorian?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

I have not. It's Oberyn from Game of Thrones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

Really? Yeah. Underneath that helmet. We never see his face, but that's who plays it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

We got a little bit of Nick Nolte action in the first episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

Which was excellent. It was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:13]

What is that? Your new favorite Star Wars character now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

It's probably up there. I gotta say, there has been a lot of I have spoken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

around this house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

So Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

The I thought it was interesting. There are some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

pretty quick panning pictures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

of what I suspect is Tatooine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

I'm I'm like 99%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

sure that's Tatooine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:38]

See, that's you you mentioned that, and you said,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:41]

I wonder if you think that they're on the same planet that I think they're on. So my first thought was Tatooine too, especially with Jawa appearance and The Jawas, I think, give it away.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:52]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

So So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

I mean, you're more into that than I am. I'm just glad it was a planet that I knew and not some fringe planet that's only in other material. A a lot of the scanning imagery at the beginning reminded me of the beautiful, like, panos that they do in A New Hope. And that was my first hint that maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

just maybe, they were on Tatooine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

The Jawas, like, sealed the deal for me. I was like, okay. They're definitely on Tatooine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

Now, there's no verbal confirmation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

But, you know, even when you're looking at the the multi character's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

farm, right, you've got these,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

like, what what do they call them? Water harvesters or whatever they are. Sure. They're basically the same thing that the sky walkers were using. So I think there's a lot of a lot of things that point to Tatooine. I'd be really surprised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

if at some point, we don't find it's Tatooine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

Now, I don't I don't know. Should we should we ring the spoiler bell? It might be a little too late. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

if you haven't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

if you've made it this far and you haven't watched Mandalorian and you care, stop now. Otherwise, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

it was a baby Yoda or whatever creature Yoda is. Creature he is. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:00]

And do you remember how old

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

they claimed that it was? Fifty years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

Fifty years. So this is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:08]

five years after Return of the Jedi. Right? Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:12]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:13]

Obi Wan would have still been alive fifty years before this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

Fifty years before Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

Yeah. Because the gap is thirty years, so definitely. I mean, in fact, everybody's still alive. Anakin Skywalker is still alive when this creature's born.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

Yep. Right? So Not and when you say Anakin Anakin's alive, I mean, like, prevading. Darth Vader. Yeah. Prevading. Yeah. In fact,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

what's his buckets? Qui Gon Jinn should be around at this point, I suspect.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:38]

How much time is between the prequels?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

And I guess it's It's a thirty year gap. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

I'm pretty sure that's what it is. Check me. I'm pretty sure it's a thirty year gap. And then you've got, you know, like, basically, twenty years of the prequels ish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

Right? So it is entirely possible,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

depending on how exactly that all sequence is out, that you could have a little Qui Gon overlap. Like, that's how old this character is, which I think is a fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

play, and I'll be really curious to see how exactly they draw on that. So I wasn't thinking all of that. I was thinking that, like, hey,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:13]

Obi Wan ends up on Tatooine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:15]

for some reason. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

Yeah. And that I think I think that's a that's a good call out. Now the reason, right, given is that he is to monitor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

the young boy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

Skywalker. Yep. Right? And that's that makes a lot of sense. It would be really fascinating if there was a secondary purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

And, you know, we don't know a lot about what happens. There's an illusion in Rebels to some of Obi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

Wan's activity because he actually faces off with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

Darth Maul on Tatooine and finally finishes him off. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

you know, man,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:55]

I'm really curious to see where this goes. These episodes have been kinda short. They've only been about forty minutes, which surprised me. I don't know how many we're gonna get, but, man Right. I'm I'm totally into it. I'm totally engaged. I think they're very well done. They're well written. The imagery is beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

Yeah. I'm I'm I'm loving it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:13]

Yeah. I mean, it's it's weird kind of because it's like this slower

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:19]

kinda simpler pace, I think. Like the new hope.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:23]

Kind of like a new hope. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:26]

yeah, we'll see,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

especially since

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

I guess this isn't really the case anymore, but historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

the first season of shows have it's kinda taken a while to get in to characters and things like that. It it has, and they're not showing their cards on the Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:43]

very much at this point. Right. Right? And and some of the stuff that happens in the first episode, especially with the base scar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

and and what happens when they melt it down, Like, you have to be familiar with Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

lore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

that's outside of the movies to pick up all of this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

Sure. But I'd like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

my point being, there's a lot there. It's just subtle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

Now, you you know who wrote the the show. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

What's his name for Marvel? Happy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

Happy. Yeah. Jon Favreau. Right? So also the creator of Iron Man. I think he did an awesome job. And then Dave Filino

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

is the producer, director, whatever. He's got his hands in Clone Wars, including the new seventh season they're gonna release to Disney plus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

as well as Rebels. And I believe he probably even has his hands in Star Wars Resistance, which I haven't seen much of. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

basically, his storytelling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

of Star Wars thus far has been amazing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

and I think the Mandalorian's consistent with that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

Yep. I'll keep watching. Me too. Well, of course, will. You got three years of Disney Plus. Three years of Disney Plus. Hopefully, I can make it through everything in three years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

I I well, there's a will, there's a way. It'd be interesting to see what happens with pricing on this thing too, John. Like, I I don't I I I can't tell if this is introductory pricing, if they're gonna they're gonna, you know, stick to this or what the what the model is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

Yeah. Part of me thinks that if they can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

hold these levels, they will absorb

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

a ton

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

a ton of viewers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:15]

So this is content marketing at its finest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:19]

I think that they are basically gonna view this as a loss leader

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

to get people into everything else. Yeah. And it very well could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

I'm curious, did you see so it's I I feel like as a child, I heard about the vault all the time. Right? Yep. And when I had kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

I started paying attention to the vault because stuff would still get released at periods, and I'd be, like, buying it on iTunes, but the vault still existed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

Have on the main page of Disney plus out of the vault.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

I, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

I think they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

I think they're playing up to that whole, like, Disney DVD club and the vault and all that stuff. So I'm digging it. I'm I'm excited. I just want Toy Story four. That's all that's all I want. Yes. I have not seen it. It's it's not gonna come out for a bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

Going through Toy Story is high on the list as well. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and I haven't seen four. Didn't catch it in theaters. So I'm here today. I am looking forward to having it. But on that note, John, I I feel like I should go watch some Boy Meets World because I'm I'm getting feeling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

inside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:18]

Alright. We'll talk to you later. We'll see you, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

Bye.

