---
title: Thanksgiving 2019
episode: 73
date: '2019-11-28T13:14:34.000Z'
slug: thanksgiving-2019/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So I introduced my kids to Boy Meets World.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

Yeah. How'd that go?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Lucy originally didn't understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

what it was about. So I described it to Henry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

And then when I was not around, Henry told Lucy that we were gonna watch Boy Meets World. And so Lucy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

right before dinner, came up to me and said, like, is it about a baby?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

I was like, what do you what do you mean is it about a baby? And she goes, well, you know, like, when a baby's born, they meet the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

I was like, Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

That's that's one way to parse that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

we we watched two episodes, and they seem to like it. So I think I'm I'm gonna be on a boy meets world role here. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

So Corey and Henry have a lot in common with their love of baseball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

Just two different Pennsylvania teams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Yep. Yep. And in fact, the one episode we watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

involved Corey getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

kinda passed over by his brother to go to a Phillies game. So Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

Girls girls ruined everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

Now here's the thing. I didn't realize, and this is just my bad memory, Topanga is not in the picture yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

Yeah. So it's weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

Like, it doesn't take long for her to show up, but then she's, like, there, and then she's not. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

Mhmm. Pay attention. I I will I will pay very close attention. It has been quite some time since I've seen this show. Yeah. Interestingly, when we first got married, my wife and I, and we had cable television

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

for the first time in years because we didn't in college. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

I found and we had a DVR, which was, like, mind boggling crazy because I I didn't have a DVR as a kid. You had to set the VCR to record to the VHS tape? Well, yeah, I had to I had to hit record. I remember too, I used to try and tempt fate by pausing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

the recording in between commercials Yeah. And that that never went well. I have a had a number of episodes of Deep Space Nine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

where you miss, like, the first ten seconds of, you know, the scene starting back up. But anyhow, I digress. We had, this DVR, and I remember recording a bunch of Boy Meets World so we could watch it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:34]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

I think it's funny. Anna has been enjoying it so far, so I'm curious how your, children like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

I I would imagine for missus Kolmeier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

the education elements to it, like, taking place I mean, so much of it taking place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

in a school and a classroom and a teacher being well, and eventually principal being such a critical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

component to the storyline has to be somewhat amusing for her. True. Especially since they're sixth graders in the first season,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

and she teaches fifth grade. So I'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

love to know, and you'll have to ask her for me, does she have a Corey Matthews in one of her classes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Yeah. I have no idea. Alright. Well, you you find out and get back to us. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

So I'm curious. What's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

what's what's the weather like in Iowa? Are you officially into winter weather now? So today, it was 50.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

So not today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:29]

The Monday that I was gone in Nashville and seeing you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

we got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

five to six inches of snow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

And at that point in time, missus Kolmeyer did not know how to use a snowblower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

Thankfully, we had a nice neighbor across the street who helped her out so that she could make it out of our driveway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

They were they did have a two hour delay that day for school, so she had some extra time to clear it, but still.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

Have you subsequently taught her how to use the snowblower?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:56]

I have. That was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

Sunday after that when I was back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

Fired it up, made sure it was running, and then taught her how to use it. Now had you started it up at all this season, like, before this whole incident? No. I was not expecting snow this early.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

So Snowblowable snow, at least. Yeah. Well, okay. So I have so much to unpack here. First of all, when it comes to starting to running a snowblower, missus Lemon is the authority in our house. I can never remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

the sequence to get it going. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

she created a note in Apple Notes with all the steps for me. So I I should be able to figure it out this year. But I went ahead, actually, a couple weeks back now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

and started it up, made sure it was running,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

and, then I proceeded to burn down all of my other engines. So I I pumped out as much gas as I could and then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

ran them down until they they stopped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

And, I did that because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

I was terrible at doing that prior to moving to this house and had to get that snowblower's carburetor cleaned last year. Fortunately, I did it before,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

you know, the snow came. But if if this episode is to have a life tip That's life. I would say this. Your lawn mower That's what all the leaf say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Blower,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

whatever else you've got going on, fancy trimmer like myself, you should run those down before the winter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

which means basically now, like, if you haven't done it yet Yeah. Do it. You're late now. Yeah. And Thankfully, you have a garage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

This is true. The the garage though I mean, the garage is not a conditioned space. So you you still especially when it gets to, like, polar vortex cold Sure. You know, those those engines can form moisture in them and then do damage to the carburetor and all that good jazz. So best to just run it down, get it all out of there. I am not a believer in fuel stabilizer. I don't maybe you've had better luck than I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

I have not used fuel stabilizer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

but I did the same thing with my lawn mower and weed whacker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

My,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

it's not a blower. It's like a sweeper. Is battery powered,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

and my trimmer is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

old school. Plug it into the long extension cord,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

and do your edging. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

You know, like, I've I think I've made fun of you for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

electrical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

utilities for lawn care, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

you don't have to mess with them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

you know, come winter time. Yeah. They're so much easier. I still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

am kinda kicking myself

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

with the leaf blower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:36]

I I just would like more power and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

longer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

time to blow. So Yep. That's that's the trade off. Right? You basically trade away maintenance and care

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

for less power.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

But, you know And you said you were watching Tool Time. Right? I know. Right? More power. I feel like I should grunt. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

wonder how that'll come across on the podcast. I've I've been so my girls are all into the grunting watching Tool Time. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

other winterizing tips,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

if your hose is still connected to your house

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

Oh, you gotta bring that inside. Put that away, shut off the water to that outer nozzle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

And, yeah, that's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

a very very good idea, especially if we see temperatures like we saw last winter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

Yeah. Really. Yeah. I mean, that flipping so most I don't know. Do you think people know this? I don't know if they know this. Right? But, like, every every faucet typically has a cutoff valve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

before it, and so you can flip it. Right? And it will stop water from reaching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

the exterior portion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

of the line, and then you can open up the line on the other end to drain it out. In theory, you have an empty spigot. And so the nice thing about empty spigot is there's nothing to freeze and then break the pipe or the spigot Yep. Or any of that jazz.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

Yeah. So do you know where your turn off, your shut off valves are? I do. Oh, like the front of the house, and one on the back of the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

Good deal. Good deal. I am I'm fortunate in that the one that cuts off the like, it cut I I have one that cuts off both

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

spigots

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

outside. So Nice. I just have to flip one. But it's it's got it's got this really small handle on the shutoff valve that I can't actually do with my fingers. I don't maybe this is a sign of getting old, but I have to use a pair of pliers to get enough, like, your grip on it to turn it. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

Yeah. I'll show it to you next time you're here. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

You should, like, get a handle or something for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

Yeah. I mean, it's I think just the kind of valve they they put on it just has a small handle, and it's not worth it to me to pull that off and to to change it. So I don't know. Fair enough. I mean, you touch it twice a year. So Exactly. Hey. I cleaned out another drawer today. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Upstairs. Went through it, and I found a ton of charging bricks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

And I I started to count them. How many charging bricks do you think I found? And this is this is just like a USB charging brick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:07]

A lot. I'd say probably 20.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

32. 32.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

32.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

I And no cables. Right? I mean, the cable's No. Property? I I I did find some cables. Some I didn't anticipate, but I I was, like, spread them all out, and I've got a bunch of USB to, like, micro USB ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

I don't have a lot of stuff that that goes into. Like, I don't even know where I got some of these. I think I think there's probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

a few that came with Kindles. I've got one for my Beats headphones, but that's not even one of the ones I found because it's in a separate bag. Sure. Like, I don't know, man. I was a little alarmed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

I I don't this is one thing too. I'm not sure I should throw them out, but at the same time, like, what am I gonna do with them?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

Damn, man. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

I'm pretty sure that missus Kollmeyer left a phone charger there at one point in time when you were back in Seymour. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

I don't remember what phone that was for. If, if you're short on a brick, I'm sure I can spare one next time you're in town. Definitely don't think I'm short on bricks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

It's it's funny. The,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

the new phones that we got are powered up like, they came with the USB c brick, and I don't have a lot of those. Right. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

you know, this this whole thing is about to reset itself Yep. As everything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

shifts over to USB c, which I don't think is a bad thing, but it's just kinda like, alright. What do I then when when everything's USB c, what do I do with all the old ones? Sure. And I don't think you need 32 anyway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:37]

That's No. No. More devices than you have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

Yes. I do believe that is true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

It better be. It's you know, it's funny, though. I was thinking about this too. Like, I I don't even know that I know all of the devices in the house

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

that require charging through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

like, a USB brick. I like, I and I just don't think I could actually inventory what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:59]

I have. So you have four.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

Missus Lemon has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

two at least. Wait. Why do I have four?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

Actually, you probably have five. Right? Why would I have five?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

You've got your phone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

Yeah. You've got your iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

Yeah. That's two. You've got your Kindle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:17]

Oh, right. You've got your Beats.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

Okay. You've got your Got my AirPods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:22]

I got my AirPods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

And my Powerbeats Pro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

Well, there you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

But but interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

if you recall, the Beats and the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

Powerbeats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

Pro, and maybe the AirPods, I have to double check, they didn't come with a brick. They just came with a cable. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

So I I think the AirPods also didn't come with a brick. And the Kindle probably didn't come with a brick either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

Most likely not. In fact, I don't know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

I'd have to double check. Maybe the the old Kindle HDs that my kids had came with a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

a brick, but I I don't think so. You know? And Yeah. I'm I'm not opposed to that, like, trend because, again, I just I have a stupid amount of bricks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

Oh, and there's a bunch of, like, outlets that are including USB in them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:11]

normally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

which is gonna be a problem if we switch to USB c. But Yeah. Do you out of curiosity, do you have those outlets in your house? I do not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

Oh, interesting. K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

I do not either, believe it or not. I actually shouldn't say that. There is one in the kitchen. I don't know why it's just this one. The previous owner put it in there, but we don't actually use it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

True.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:33]

Well, you could plug your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

charging pad that failed you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

I'm I'm done with that, man. I've moved on with life. I tell you what, I will I will only get burned by that problem one time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

Strictly a wired charger now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

Yep. Yeah. I man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

It's just too much of a mission critical device.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

did you just put them back in the drawer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

Yeah. I did. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

You know, I I I mean, not the same drawer. What I did is I consolidated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

So I put the Apple ones in one drawer, and then I put the others in my, like, bin of cables and whatnot, which does get thinned out periodically, but it's at a point now where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

I I'm I'm gonna need to reevaluate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

all these extra micro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

USB c

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

dealios.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:31]

Do you still have some monitor, like, VGA cables in that box? Nope. I got rid of those. Yeah. Any of those, like, power supply

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:39]

power cables?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:41]

Like, old school towers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

I guess that your Mac Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

does it run on one of those? Or Yeah. It uses one of those, but it's like it's got a custom cut to it. It's the monitor actually uses the same kinda cable. Right. Right. And so I have the one for the monitor. I think I've got one spare.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

But yeah. No. Those those are easy, as well as, like, printer cables, right, are easy to just, like, look at and say, okay. I do not need this anymore. I don't need a spare. I can get rid of this, especially the VGA cables. Oh, Oh my my word. Word.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

I don't think I have any VGA cables, but I did have some up to the move a year ago. So Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

I had and this is probably gosh. I don't even know. Like, couple months back now. I I found a bunch of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

what is it? Like, mini DVA or DVI? Mini DVI? Yeah. Whatever the old Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

display port display port. That's what I'm thinking of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

And and then whatever was before display port, which I think was maybe DVI, mini DVI, something like that. Sure. Anyhow, I I cleaned all those out. I also had a whole bunch of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

what was it? What was the one? Firewire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

Firewire cables. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

Seating ourselves, Stan. Yeah. I know. Right? That those are I think I think I had one, maybe two Macs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

in my ten years of Mac user that actually had Firewire cables on them or, you know, ports rather. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

alright, John. We're recording this before Thanksgiving, but does this drop on Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

Unless I decide to drop it early or late, yes. It this scheduled to release on Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

Okay. Well, I think you should drop it a couple days early. Alright. You know, it's up to you and your crazy busy schedule. I am curious. What are you doing for Thanksgiving besides coming to visit me? Well, that's a big important part. Right, Stan? I did check the weather today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

and it does look like it will be too chilly to convince you to go on a bike ride, so I'll probably leave my bike at home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

Wise move, John. Wise move. I bet that Henry would go with me though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

I think he would ride around the subdivision with you. Yes. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:54]

after that, missus Colmire is flying into Indianapolis on Tuesday night so that she gets some lemon time on Wednesday before we head down to Louisville.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

And then that's where Anna's grandparents are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

our regular listener, pastor Mark Buto, my father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

will also be there and beat me in dress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

So if I recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

Buteau Louisville compound or excuse me. Louisville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

Louisville. Compound. Yeah. Louisville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

Compound there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

They they deep fry a few turkeys, don't they? Yeah. So last year, I think we did three. The year before that was four. Last year,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

Anna's uncle also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

bought a smoked turkey because he wanted to try it out and switch things up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

So we had smoked turkey and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

deep fried turkey, and they always bake a turkey, which they call a sacrificial turkey, so that they can make real turkey gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

I I respect that. I respect that. So they didn't smoke their own turkey. They bought one already smoked?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

I think that he bought the turkey and gave it to somebody to smoke it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

Ah. Something like that. Interesting. Smoked turkey is one of those things that when done correctly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

is just unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

tasty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

And this was delicious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

fried turkey. But I was gonna say, which did you prefer more? The smoked or deep fried?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

I don't know if I can choose, man. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

I've I've been trying to talk my father-in-law into deep frying a turkey. He seems to be adamantly opposed to it. We're going down there for Thanksgiving meal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

If by chance he listens to it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

you know, please, Roger, I'm begging you. And if if whatever listeners we have are friends with Roger, tag him on Facebook and tell him to deep fry a turkey, please, for me. Do it for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

What, what's your take on on dressing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

on stuffing, if you will? So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

I firmly believe that my grandmother's is the best stuffing ever as everyone should,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

and that's a kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

your typical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

bread crumb crumb stuffing, lots of sage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

I don't even know how else to make it. It's just delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

Have you ever had oyster

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

dressing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

K. That's the thing down here in Southern Indiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

I'm not big on, like, canned oysters in the first place, but that's definitely a trendy thing down here. And then occasionally, I see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

sweet stuffings or sweet dressings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

And I'm also not a fan to be completely honest with you. I don't mind a sage dressing with, like, the random cranberry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

but Sure. I'm not willing to commit to a full on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

sweet dressing. And I don't know, maybe it's maybe it's just a Midwest thing, like sage and I hate to say this, Lord have mercy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

I don't mind stovetop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:56]

I'm I'm with you, Stan. I haven't had it in a while, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

but my grandmother's is still light years better than stovetop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

Yeah. Miss missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

got a recipe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

that she's she did a couple years ago, Sage one, that is out of this world. Maybe if I can dig it up, we can we can post it on the the show notes, but it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

terribly difficult. It is from scratch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

and it is really good. In the past, I don't know if we'll do this this year, but in the past,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

I've made a loaf of bread that we have sacrificed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

solely for the purpose of the sage dressing, and I have no regrets. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

Yeah, man. That's one of my favorite side dishes that I've missed out on now for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

five years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

Wait. What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

They don't make dressing at the Butas? So they make dressing. They actually make two kinds. One is, like, this Hungarian dressing, which is literally, like, the giblets ground up. Oh, yeah. Not a fan. And then they have, like it's not really bread crumb, but it's kinda like this bread. I don't even know what it is. But it's not the same stand.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

But they have it. It's not my grandmother's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

and Thanksgiving is the Butal holiday. It was called when Anna and I started dating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

Alright. Alright. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

So I believe I'll just pull this up. I believe the one that we use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

is a Milk Street recipe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

Do you are you familiar with Milk Street? I am not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

So I I'm drawing a blank on the guy's name now. It's it's it's, it's killing me here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

But, the gentleman who did Christopher Kimble. That's who it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

America's Test Kitchen Got it. Before he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

left in a whole mess. When he started this thing called Milk Street, he shared a recipe for Easy Bake Herb Stuffing. It's fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

I will, I'll send you a link. You can share it out. But Alright. Sounds good. What's, so if you don't have, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

normal sage stuffing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

what, what is your favorite side

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

at your Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:57]

So, really, the turkey is the star of the show at the Buto Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:02]

We have the regular

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:04]

sides,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

green bean casseroles,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

mashed potatoes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

all your typical sorts of things there, cranberry cranberry sauce.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

love me some mashed potatoes and gravy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Let let me ask you this. Is there anything on your plate that you are unwilling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

to commit to gravy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

Cranberry sauce, if it's on my plate. I'm in gravy. Not a big fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

So do you ever do cranberry sauce in a side dish in order to avoid that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

I just strategically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

place things around my plate. Oh, interesting. So do you build, like, a dam using the mashed potatoes or the stuffing or or or something to that effect or the turkey?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

Okay. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

What about what about corn? Do you have corn at your Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

We usually have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:02]

I think there's some kind of corn dish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

but I see no problem with putting gravy on corn. Okay. Good man. Good man. So we routinely have corn that has been cut off of the cob.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

Oh. Yeah. Oh, it's it's unbelievably delicious. I I will say one thing that Indiana has ruined me on is corn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

Basically, anywhere else I go,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

when somebody cracks open a can and serves corn, I am consistently disappointed. Even frozen corn, like Yep. It's just it's not the same as the corn that grandma Pollard cuts off of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

the cob and then blanches and freezes for us. It's just it's just not the same.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:41]

I agree with you. I've never had Indiana well, I definitely have had Indiana corn, just not that I remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

So back to the gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

Yeah. K. I I believe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

yeah. I mean, you said that the turkey is the the star of the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

I I actually don't that's not the star of the show for me. For me, it's all about the gravy. Because you don't you don't have a deep fried turkey, Stan? Even well, even when I've had a deep fried turkey, the gravy is still, to me, the the thing that sets Thanksgiving apart. Because I I may get turkey at other parts of the year, but I don't necessarily get gravy. You know? Sometimes I do. Yeah. Nice homemade turkey gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

Oh, man. There's nothing like it. Right? And so my strategy for this, right, is I and I don't know. Do you do do you do gaps between your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

your items

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

on your plates during Thanksgiving, or do you go food to food? You know you know what I mean? Like Yeah. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

it's probably food to food. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's good because that means you're not leaving any space on your your plate uncovered, and that's the way that I do too. But now, let me ask you this. Do you do you, like, drop the gravy onto the mashed potatoes? Like, you kinda spoon it out or you just like, how do you how do you actually dispel your gravy across your plate? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

in Louisville and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:59]

at home, back in Milwaukee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

it's always been, like, gravy boats.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:04]

So either there's a big spoon or you literally just pour it over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

Okay. Which do you do, John? Which do I do? I would pour over if given the chance. Okay. And so when you say pour over, do you literally start on the outside and then just work your way pouring onto the inside and ensure the whole plate is covered? Or, like, what's what's your strategy there? So I probably either start with the turkey and the mashed potatoes and then kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

zigzag back and forth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

Do you put gravy on your stuffing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

Okay. Alright. So I I am a believer that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

the elements on the plate should basically be submerged in gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

K? And so I usually tell everybody, like, look. If you want gravy, you better get it now. Because when it comes to my plate, like, everybody's going for a swim.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

And and I have no regrets, man. Like, I just I pour it on. I make sure that none of that turkey ever makes it into my mouth unless it's completely soaked in gravy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

You're a bold man, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

I think about other people too much to allow myself to commit to that. Hey, you know, I I let them take gravy first. Yeah. Yeah. But then you gotta make way because I can't guarantee there's gonna be anything left. We're usually between 25 to 30 people at Thanksgiving. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

all I'm saying is somebody's gotta go last. I guess so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

What's, what do you do for cranberries? Do you do cranberries? I do do cranberries. Usually, there's, like, the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:32]

gelatin y stuff and then an actual cranberry sauce.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

Okay. So what do you prefer, John? So I grew up with the gelatin y stuff out of can, so that is what I gravitate towards. Didn't didn't we all grow up that way?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

So I there's something about that that can, and I, you know, I don't know, man. Like, it's probably not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

really good for you, like, whatever is Sure. However their process. But it is absolutely delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

And so a spoonful of that always hits the spot. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

missus Lemon, of course, you know, always raising the bar here in the Lemon House, found an America's Test Kitchen recipe, and maybe I can link this to you too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

for a just super simple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

cranberry sauce that uses actual,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

like, frozen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

cranberries, and it's it's legit, man. Like, it's it's really good. Damn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

Alright. Let me think. What else? You you don't do sweet potatoes. Right? Because you're not a sweet potato guy? Like sweet potatoes. And I've recently tried

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

oh, what kind of squash was it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

I don't know. Some orange squash that missus Kollmeyer made and, like, baked into a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

quiche,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

and I did not like that at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

So was the quiche sweet or savory?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

So the quiche itself was savory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

Okay. And you still didn't like the squash? No. Not particularly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

Now, Kim, remember, did you have sweet potato or was there squash at my house? So yours I had sweet potatoes at your house, and that was actually pretty good. And I don't know if there was a certain crunch value that I don't normally get or if there was enough salt and pepper to counteract

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

or something like that. But So, yeah, we did a I think we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

used a Peruvian spice or a or a Mexican dish spice, on that. And then, yeah, we do we try and get an exterior crunch on the individual cubes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

I typically love a decent savory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

sweet potato, which is bizarre because as a kid, my mom would do butter, salt, and pepper on a sweet potato, and I thought that was disgusting. Yeah. However, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

everything about Thanksgiving is different. And at Thanksgiving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

I like a sweet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

gooey

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

sweet potato. Usually, I think we I think she uses maple syrup. I think that's what missus Lemon does Yeah. In in the cooking of it. But I so there's something that's like sweet potato is a marshmallow or something like that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One of the casserole dishes. I can't get into that. Not at all. It's it's basically mashed sweet potato. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

I think that's what they do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

The Butos can correct me if I'm wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

And then is your green beans are they served, like, just vanilla green beans or as a casserole?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

Both.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

Oh, okay. Fascinating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

The casserole's got the like crispy onion straws on the top? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

You know if you use cream of chicken or cream of mushroom soup? I have no idea. I am fairly certain that my mother

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

uses cream of mushroom in hers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

I think that is the stock way to use it or to do it. And and I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

I'm probably the oddity here. My grandmother always made it with cream of chicken soup. I believe because she didn't like cream of mushroom. So consequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

I'm in this weird state at at thanksgiving time where somebody makes it with cream of mushroom soup,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

and it doesn't taste the same. So it doesn't conjure up those memories. I think, you know, like, with the cranberry thing as well as with the stuffing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

some of these newer dishes that we've come up with in our house, right, they're quite frankly, they're better. Right? They're Sure. They're superior flavors across the board, but they don't have the nostalgic element to it elements to them that, you know, I get with the canned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

cranberry sauce or the stovetop stuffing or, you know, the instant mashed potatoes mixed with milk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

Is that too far?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:31]

Maybe. It's been a while since I had instant mashed potatoes. So I'll tell you what, every

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

college kid should have instant mashed potatoes Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

Well, John, I am looking forward to seeing you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

Again, this will Hereafter. I'm gone. Before you're Yeah. Yeah. But since we're on the theme of food, just to kinda wrap up this episode, this Thanksgiving episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

I thought I would just run by you the meal plan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

for when you're here. As you know, we are, like, nearly religious meal planners at my home. And we drafted this when you were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

here last, but I'm just gonna run up by you and we're gonna validate everything here right here, John Alright. On the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

So you arrive on a Saturday. I arrive on a Saturday. Yeah. Now Friday is pizza night at the Lemon House. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

But in your honor, my friend, we are gonna move pizza to Saturday night. You will get to you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

will get to experience the baking steel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

as well as some of the more recent fresh mozzarella experiments we've been doing around here. So missus Lemon was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

lamenting your baking steel because it's heavy and you make her wash it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

I don't make her wash it. She she just doesn't let me get to it first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

I'm sure she Likely she bought us to listen to this, she's gonna she's gonna post. The thing is heavy as I'll get up. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

I've not actually I don't think I've had, like, sauce or cheese drip onto it, but there is a lot of semolina flour

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

crisps up on it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

she insists on seasoning every time with flaxseed oil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

So that's part of the reason why it comes out of the oven. But you you will get to experience that. We're gonna displace that this Saturday just for you, John Kolmeyer. Thanks, man. I appreciate it. You're gonna have to figure out what movie to watch with my kids, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

Alright. There's so many options. There are. Now with Disney Plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Alright. On Sunday on Sunday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

will endure a Steelers game with me. I've done that once this year. You you had yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

So there are a few things that we do typically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

for a football game at the Lemon House, and one of them is chili.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

And I believe you've you've had my chili before? I have. In the middle of the summer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:45]

No. I guess it was the fall. When did we go camping? It was the weekend after Anna started school. It was it was Labor Labor Day weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

The recipe has matured a little bit. It's it's, I think, a little bit better than the last time you had it, plus it will be in a new kitchen. I don't know how, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

So you, my friend, will have chili. And then just to, like, push it over the top, my friend, we're gonna do the infamous Pittsburgh buffalo chicken dip. It's the Pittsburgh buffalo chicken dip because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

a colleague of mine, John Lint, gave me the recipe. I worked with him when I was on Pittsburgh, and it is delicious. I believe you've had that too though. So you decided that that isn't the recipe that came from my mother-in-law?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

I'm I'm confident that's not. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I still have the the Evernote export where I captured it from, from my friend John Lind. So Alright. I think one time he listened to the podcast. It'd be interesting if if if he still does. He'll What time do the Steelers play on Sunday?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

Probably 01:00.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:42]

Okay. So there's enough time for a nap after all this food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, keep in mind, the chili, right, will start when we get back from church, but it it might be ready come halftime. We'll have to see. It'll be a late lunch. Alright. The buffalo chicken dip will be involved to kinda, like, offset some of that. Sure. You know, it'll it'll all go well. And I'm gonna splurge this time, and I'm not gonna get the Aldi Tostitos. I'm gonna get the real Tostitos just for you. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Once all that's said and done, you requested we smoke some meat. So on Monday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

I'm gonna up?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

probably should get the smoker going by, like, 06:30, 07:00. Alright. I can do that. So we'll do we'll do a pork shoulder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

per

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

request

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

well, I think you actually do we talked about talked about this. Anyhow, we're gonna do mac and cheese with pulled pork, and we're gonna do it lemon style.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

We are not going to do add ins.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

Add ins. Maybe we'll maybe we'll do jalapeno. We'll talk about that. We'll see if we wanna do jalapeno. Alright. But we're just gonna do a baked mac and cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

kinda establish the baseline, and you, my friend, are gonna judge it on the next episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:51]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

Enough. Lucy has requested Caesar salad. Before. But Yeah. You probably have. Although, it it has changed a bit. Has changed a bit. I don't know that you've had it since we switched to the boar's head, have you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

I have no idea. Everything's an evolution here, John. Yeah. When did you switch has it been since you moved to Indianapolis since this change occurred? I think so because we did not have access to boar's head easily in Seymour. Yeah. So I the last time I had it was in Seymour. Okay. So the recipe has evolved. Alright. It's better if you can believe that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

And then Lucy's requested Caesar salad. I don't that's just her jam. So Fair enough. We'll figure it out. Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

slow cooker chipotle chicken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

probably on tacos with the lime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

rice and beans,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

maybe refried beans. We'll see. And then Wednesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

in missus Kolmeyer's honor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

we are going to make lasagna,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

not to be confused with a pasta bake, a casserole,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

or macaroni and cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

It will involve a homemade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

bechamel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

and it will blow your mind. At least that's my hope. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

Then you have Thanksgiving dinner. I know. I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

I am bringing my bike now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

be ready, Stan. Hey. You have a nice pair of gloves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

I do, but I'm I'm not going out there, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

One last thing, my friend. You you remember what you're supposed to arrive at my house with?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

Popcorn from the Okay. Almost famous popcorn company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

so I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:23]

have a Christmas present that has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:27]

that will be delivered before I leave.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

I'm bringing that, but I'm giving it to missus Lemon. And if she chooses that she wants to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:35]

let you use it, then she can do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

Funny thing. A package came today in the mail, and I thought it was something I had ordered from Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

I started cutting it open,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

and I realized, wait. That doesn't look like something I'm supposed to to have. I didn't see much of it, but, consequently, I accidentally might have opened my Christmas present from missus Lemon today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:58]

Read the label, Stan. Yeah. Especially this time of year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Yep. Yep. Lesson learned. Lesson learned. Alright, John. Don't forget the popcorn. I'm looking forward to seeing you. Happy Thanksgiving to any of our listeners who who managed to make it this far in the episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

Next time. We'll see you.

