---
title: 'Happy birthday, Jon!'
episode: 134
date: '2021-05-13T13:59:37.000Z'
slug: happy-birthday-jon/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

No, John. I'm not gonna say that on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

Alright. You ready to start the show?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

I guess so. I was just doing some math.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

I did, 2021

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

minus 1989

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

so that I could figure out how old I'm turning tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

You really you really didn't know, like, off the top of your head?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

I did not. So, like, last year, I don't remember my birthday because, you know, the world was shut down. Yes. It was. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

remember my thirtieth party, which was fun. So apparently, that was two years ago. That was that was a big deal. Okay. So you're you're 32. That's what we need that's our takeaway for today. Yes. I am 32 as of yesterday when this airs. But right now is where we're running. Yeah. I am still 31,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

so I can't tell you if it feels any different to be 32 or not. I don't remember 32 being very significant for what it's worth. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

Do you have any, like, this is I feel silly almost asking this, but do you have any plans for your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

30 birthday?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

I do not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Okay. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

did you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

like, growing up, did you go out to dinner on your birthday? Like, what was what was the special routine at your house?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:50]

there was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

going out for birthday dinner,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

my mother was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

a school teacher.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

And if you've ever lived with a school teacher, you know that May and the end of the school year is a crazy time with a bunch of stuff going on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

very often, my birthday was overlooked, and I, as an introvert, was just okay with that. Oh. Oh, gosh. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

Didn't expect this to take that turn. I will say I I am the son of a school teacher, high school school teacher, and I With a summer birthday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

Yeah. Well, sort of summer. School

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

went past Memorial Day when I was a kid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

and my dad always taught at the college in the summer. So but anyhow, I don't I genuinely don't remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

May.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

I, like, I don't Maybe it was an elementary

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:41]

parochial

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

school. No. I'm I'm sure that there were, like, final exams and crazy stuff, you know. I mean, now now math is maybe a little different than like if you're doing an English

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

First graders. Yeah. Or first graders. I, you know, I I I don't know. I'm just speculating because I've never taught anybody anything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

That is not true, but Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

in in this kind of setting. But I I genuinely don't remember the month of May. Like, I have distinct memories,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

you know, like like October, November, December, they always stick out. I think August and September are clear. January is clear. Like, there there are these things. Right? You you know, February,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

you always remember what was going on because of Presidents' Day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

Even even March and April, right, like, I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

stick out, but you get to May and and I it's just a fuzz, man. It's it's a real fuzz. So I I remember May in school all the time because in, like, high school, that was when spring concert was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

track

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

was going on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

Elementary school always had our track and field day in May,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

and baseball usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

professional baseball or or school baseball? All baseball. All baseball. Okay. I I guess in elementary school, it was softball for both Sure. Guys and girls. So Yeah. You know, I I don't know. Like, I know and there was end of the year stuff. Elementary school, had, a field day too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

and I guess that sticks out. I just don't I don't know, man. Maybe May is not my month. Maybe that's what it comes down to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

you have my birthday to celebrate in May, and more importantly, missus Lemon's birthday to celebrate in May. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Missus Lemon's birthday is is right there in with Memorial Day, so it's like a whole thing. You know, it's a lot of fun. Usually, like, look, we try to have fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

But, yeah, I you know, I gosh. And there's Mother's Day in May, and in alright. I'm I'm gonna true confessions on the podcast here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

I did what I thought was a pretty good job of Mother's Day for my wife.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

I completely forgot to message my mother.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

Oh, no. Yeah. I didn't didn't text or didn't call. At 11:30 at night, as I was laying in bed, unwinding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

from having corralled my kids all day. I I realized it, and I texted my mother that I was so sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

So I epic failure for me this year. I would like to think that corralling my kids all day distracted me. I'd also like to think that maybe the pandemic has just thrown off my calendar, like my internal calendar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

But I think I've always been bad at Mother's Day to be honest with you. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

I saw my mother in person on Mother's Day. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

That's good. That's exciting. My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

niece's confirmation was on Sunday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

so I drove down to Louisiana,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

Missouri for that. Louisiana,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Missouri, which always trips me up when you say Louisiana because I think you mean the state. Technically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

the church was in Bowling Green,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Missouri. Oh, alright. Well, the more you know. Not Kentucky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

Alrighty. There you go. Alright. Real quick. Back to the birthday plans. So Birthday plans. Yeah. I imagine we'll either order food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

I am, what,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:53]

two days from being officially fully vaccinated. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

I don't know if I would chance going out or not. I don't really like going out to eat in restaurants anyway, but it would give me a chance to order a beer on tap for the first time in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

a long time. See, you need to you need to play the growler game because that's that's where it's at. Oh, that's true. We did get growlers filled up a couple times from Fox House here in Cedar Rapids. There we go. But I will say it is different in a pint glass at a table with food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

I have dined out exactly once since becoming fully vaccinated. It was outdoors. I had a great time with with friend and listener of the show, Joe Taylor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

Is his birthday in May?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

No. I think it's February. It's in my calendar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

Alright. Let me ask this, John. As your friend, I don't have to get you anything for your birthday, do I? Just my love my love and friendship is enough. Right? Generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:47]

Stan Lemmon's birthday gifts, with some exceptions, usually have his face on them. Yeah. That's that's fair. That's fair. But one year, you did buy me the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

DeLorean from Back to the Future LEGO set. Oh, that's right. So see, here here's my problem. This is just true in general with with friends.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

I don't always remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

to buy something ahead of time. And I'm never sure, like, did I buy this friend something this year? Did I do it last year? Like, I can't keep track of it. When I'm invited to parties, like your thirtieth part birthday party, it's easy. Right? Like, you get a gift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

And in that particular situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

I think it was a no brainer. I got a pillow with my face on it. You know, what more could the guy ask for? Which missus Colmire has hidden in the closet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

I mean, you you pull it out, though. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

I haven't for a while. I should move it down here to my office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

I I really think that you should have it out all the time, like, on your couch in the living room so you can just, like Well, I'm I'm starting to get, like, a Stan Lemon theme going on in here because I got the picture. You got that for me for Christmas of us with milkshakes. Oh, yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

Sometimes I wear lemon socks and I always have a lemon mug when I'm drinking my morning coffee. So I I do what I can, John. I do what I can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

if you if you get takeout, where are getting takeout from?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

I don't know. Like, we could go the brew pub route or we could go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

Mexican.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

I don't know. Isn't that your usual? That's probably be the top 10. That's your usual Friday place. Right? You get that that that Mexican restaurant nearby?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

Like, when we eat out on Fridays. That hasn't been a thing for a while. Oh, but, like, like, a year and a couple months?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:32]

usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

I go out for my birthday, it's to some place I haven't been before because it's an excuse to actually try something new. Okay. Interesting. So as a kid growing up, we went out to eat, and until the Sizzler closed, I loved going to the Sizzler.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

Damn. That was that was my jam. When the Sizzler closed, I became a TGI Friday kid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

and I loved getting the chicken fajitas at at TGI Friday. So that was that was the thing I did. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

as an adult,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

I would say that the Lemon family typically, since moving to Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

will get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

Mimi's meatballs because we we love Mimi's So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

I won't be anywhere near Indiana this year when it comes time for my birthday, so I don't know what we'll do. Maybe we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

we'll grill some hot dogs or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

There you go. Yeah. Nothing wrong with that. No. There's not. There's not at all. Speaking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

of hot dogs, did you happen to catch my exchange on Twitter over the last couple weeks?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

I did. So does this technically count as a hot dog?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

I don't think so. So this all started because I tweeted about Lucy's mind being blown by the fact that she could inject

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

a sausage with cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

And this stirred up a conversation with my colleagues at work, some who thought this was brilliant, some who questioned whether or not this was humane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

And then Really? Yeah. Yeah. They are not from Wisconsin. No. Definitely not. Definitely So so here's the gist. Right? Like, if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

you take a a meat, you form it into the shape of a tube,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

and you inject it with cheese, I am pretty sure that that is, like, the that is the best complete meal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

like, in in a tube. It's just it's brilliant. Right? Especially, you add some jalapenos in there. Now you've got meat, you got vegetables, and you got dairy. Right? You just toss in a bun, you're almost you've almost got all the food You've got the whole food group. Right. Exactly. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

I don't think food pyramid is a thing anymore. I don't know. It's probably like an octagon or something. Who who knows? I think it was a plate when missus Colmire was learning about it in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

college so that she could teach little kids. Oh, interesting. See, I I am so out of date. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

eventually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

I noticed that I was getting targeted ads on Twitter from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

Oscar Meyer. Now, I had given a whole bunch of love to Johnsonville because their whole better than better than Cheddar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

It's just it's it's brilliant. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

So I tweeted this Oscar Meyer thing, and I basically challenged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

both of them to send me free meat. Now, they did not. They didn't offer. However

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

Did you tell him you had a podcast? No. I should've. I should've. You could be we could be sausage influencers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

We we could. We could. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

so just just to, like, to wrap this up, right, Johnsonville replied,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

and they said sausage is everywhere,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

but there's only one better, b e d d a r, with cheddar, which is the whole brand of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

cheese based sausages that I was plugging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

a whole week before. Now, I did reference cheese infused sausage in the original tweet, but I'm convinced that they were they read the original tweets, the better better with cheddar tweets. Of course. So I don't know. I I just I love the idea that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

I, you know, kinda sussed out Johnsonville to come and and take on Oscar Meyer on the Twitterverse.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

And it doesn't look like you've had any interaction from Oscar Meyer at all. Nope. So Johnsonville

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

not only wins the best cheese infused sausage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

but the best social media community management. Yeah. Definitely. I ain't gonna lie, like, from here on out, it's Johnsonville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

all the time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

everywhere. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

this this will be my sausage of choice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

when I like to grill. Now, interesting. You may not remember this, but I'm just gonna I'm gonna tell you. So Johnsonville is family owned, and they are based in your old stomping ground. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

Kind of. Yeah. I mean, Wisconsin. I'm just The state. Yeah. The state. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

interestingly, I guess they used to have some kind of internal management tool, and they actually used a piece of my software code that I wrote. They used j growl on their internal management tool. I knew this. Nice. Yeah. I knew this. They probably don't anymore because it's, like, forever ago. But I knew this because I actually knew the contractor who did the implementation or did an implementation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

And when they logged in, he was like, this looks familiar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

So there you go. Awesome. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

Is j Graal still supported?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

I mean, you can download it and use it and install it, whatever, like, sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:04]

Okay. I just it's You still got lots of activity on it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

I wouldn't say a lot, but, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

more more than There's I expect. Much easier to do now than it was back when you wrote jGrowl. Yeah. There there's that, and then there's there's also the simple fact that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

jQuery as a whole is not really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

big and popular anymore. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

Anyhoo But powerful. Sure. I appreciate you having taught me everything I know about jQuery. Oh, there you go. I do what I can. But you also taught me everything I know about React, so there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

You sent me a text saying that we couldn't start early tonight because of the jackhammer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

No. No jackhammers. Regular hammers. Oh, hammers. Okay. Alright. What so what's the deal? What's going on?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

So today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

derecho repairs continued

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

soffit and fascia.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

The roof is done. I think we talked about that on the podcast. We did. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

Soffit and fascia is, like, 90%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

done as of right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:11]

I have somebody coming out to give me a quote on the fence.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

Saturday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

I have people coming to vacuum out insulation from above the drywall that didn't fall but still needs to be ripped out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

And, hopefully, next week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

new drywall will be put in. Okay. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

new insulation over top of that, I imagine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

Yes. Okay. But need the drywall in before. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You you wouldn't want to fall to the ground. Well, I mean, sounds all like good progress step by step inch by inch. So So the only thing that will be outstanding

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

are gutters, which I have a bid for,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

and I have not contacted anyone about carpet for the guest room yet. Okay. But the drywall people are painting the guest room,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:56]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:57]

I plan to put in a ceiling fan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

there's that. Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

have you decided on your color for your room? I have not. Why do you do you have suggestions?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Sherman Williams color. Anyone you want. Oh, there's actually a color called lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

that Yeah. Yeah. It's it's really good. I actually actually like I might be able to find it because I I was bookmarking this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:20]

Was this the color of your living room in Saxonburg? No. No. No. No. What was that y'all? Before we painted? I mean, here, I'm I'm a send this you can this is eggshell lemon twist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

And the reason that I have this on fast recall is I'm actually contemplating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

painting my office this color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

So you can you just dwell on that for a bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

Is that too yellow for you, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

It's a guest room, so maybe not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

I think I mean, I gotta buy all new sheets and everything anyway, so Well, there you go. I think I also found I'd have to go digging up for it. I I found a light purple that we're gonna use probably in our master bedroom at some point. I don't know if I would be able to handle the yellow on every wall in your office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

You Seems like a lot to be sitting in that all day. You think I need, like, an accent Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

I could see this as an accent wall or maybe a dark color as an accent wall. Oh. But, yeah, this just seems like a lot to be sitting in the middle of while I'm working all day. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

it's just an empty white room at the moment. So if you were to do an accent wall in my office, John, which wall would you do as an accent wall?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

Yeah. That's a good question, isn't it? Yeah. I like, I don't Probably probably the one behind your computer. Yeah. That's kinda what I've been leaning to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

I I was looking at a potential

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

blue accent wall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

There you go. So you think yellow and blue match your headphones? Yeah. There you go. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

I wanted to do I do like that this is called Lemon Twist, though. Yeah. I mean, it's as close to the podcast name as we'd get. Now, it does not match our brand colors, but, you know, it is what it is. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

I hate choosing paint colors. Oh, it's it's it's one of the worst. And the thing is too, like, make sure you do the thing well, you probably you probably are you're probably not gonna be able to do this, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

I will pick out a sample.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

Right? And I'll paint, like, a one by one square

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

on the wall of that color and stare at it for a bit, and if it doesn't completely offend me, then I'll I'll paint the the room with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

I did do that with the orange wall that you see behind me that none of the lemons thought was a good idea, but It's it's just I did paint the square, and I liked it. It's it's growing on me. So your your taste your color taste is very different than mine. We'll just leave it at that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

So I it was just hard to go with something that matches this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

awful wood paneling that I didn't have time or money to redo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

So Well, there's there's always there's always the project after the house. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

Alteration repairs, I think. I think next up, I'm gonna have to paint my trim and, like, the foundation brick

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

because that just looks old and beaten now that everything else is fresh and clean looking. What what happened with your siding? Did they replace just a portion of it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

So that has not been done yet. The people who are doing the soffit and fascia are doing it. So I gotta talk to my person tomorrow, but, yeah, they're only replacing a portion of it. It looks like it's gonna be a match because I think it was fairly high quality siding that didn't fade Nice. Over time. Well, that's good. I mean, so what what do we add day count wise? Are you still keeping track?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

I have not kept track. How many days since 08/10/2020?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

I know. That I would ask Siri or in your case maybe Alexa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

Two hundred and seventy four days. Two hundred seventy four days. You googled it. Would have just asked Alexa, but you don't have a you don't have a dingus nearby that you could just holler out to, do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

I do not. I do have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

at least three devices that would respond to, hey, dingus,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

I'll tell you what, John. I love my HomePod. I'm I'm shouting, hey, dingus from the bedroom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

the master bedroom now. That sounded really bad. I'm using the HomePod mini to call the invoke on dingus aka

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

Siri

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

all kinds of stuff, you know, in the morning, weather report, etcetera. Yeah. How many things do you think you set off by saying a k a? Because a sounds a lot like, hey. Oh, I I mean, nothing chimed off in my office and I've got at least four devices that would wake up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

this is the first thing that I wanted to talk about this week is that I'm getting really sick

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:40]

of the echo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

Oh, boy. One because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:43]

it's fairly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

old now, so it's, like, not responding as well as it should.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

And secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

one day last week, Anna asked what the weather was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

And then she rattled off the weather, what the weather was gonna be like that day. And at the end,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

it says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:06]

whatever the weather, a gift can brighten someone's day. Would you like to hear some funny gift ideas?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

And this has become more and more frequent with these little, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

they're like upsells,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

like secret

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

built in ads,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:23]

and it drives me nuts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

because most of the time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

they aren't related to anything I just talked about, like the weather. So have you have you ever just said, yeah, like, tell me what the gift ideas are?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

I'd be curious. I like, just what do what do they think in that moment? I think I have more anger in me than you have in you, Stan. And I'm just like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

So how how many of these,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

adverts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

subliminally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

injected into your life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

will, will it take to push you over the edge and get rid of the Alexa?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

it's just like I need an excuse to buy something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

Dude, I I can come up with an excuse for you to buy something if you really want. Right. So the big thing is I'm gonna have to switch out my garage door opener

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:09]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

and then probably some smart plugs. So definitely the outdoor smart plug, although that might be HomeKit enabled. No. You got you got a Miras, and I believe that all the Miras stuff is HomeKit enabled. Because the one that you used,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

I looked at, and and I may I may actually leverage for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

my my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

deck lights, and I've been looking at that. Yeah. So that's what we use it for. We have lights that actually hang under the deck,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:35]

so when the dog has to go out at night, which isn't really an issue now because it's daylight out to late.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

But during winter, they're very helpful. Yeah. And I mean, in my situation, right, I've got these deck lights on. I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

think to turn them on. It's like a Hasi plug unplug, and so I just leave them all the time, and I had built out a command, and and here we go. So I actually I had that on my radar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

There was another one of those, little gifts you bestowed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

in our top 10 Can you connect it to the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

security

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

cameras that you set up and use, like, motion tracking, turn them on after a certain time of day or something like that, that would be awesome. Yeah. That's a good question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

I might I might be able to I don't so I will say this. I do have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

I use the EchoB

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

sensors to catch motion in the master bedroom, and I like, in a certain window of time, and I use those to flip on the Nanoleaf bulbs that I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

Nice. So if you walk in, they turn on, and then if it doesn't detect any motion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

it gives, like, a window, like, ten minutes after no of no motion, it'll actually turn them off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

Whether or I could do that with the Eufy camera, I'm not sure. I would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

I would venture to say maybe, but I'll have to look into that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

There you go. You could have a fully automated house, Stan. I I tell you what, I was I was reflecting on this. I've I've really leveled up quite a bit over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

the last year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

in terms of my home automation. I've got more outlets. I've got the cameras. I've got the garage door opener. I just bought a second garage door opener that I had not installed yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

And I've got a fair amount of automation set up too, like things shut down because other devices shut down or they shut down at certain times and just kinda playing with that whole experience. And I I will say this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

the interconnectedness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

of HomeKit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

is done very well. Like, that that unified presentation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

the ability to also, like, allow others in my family to do it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

also is is pretty slick. Like, I I think there's I got that I've got improvements I want. Right? Like, it's nobody's surprise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

But by and large, I'm I'm pretty pleased with that ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

So after you're done painting, it's time to start looking at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:47]

smart blinds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

No. I got those plantation blinds throughout the whole house, man. I'm not I'm not going down that road. But speaking of that Miras outdoor outlet, I was actually looking at this the other night. They have some very affordable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

HomeKit based outlets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

Nice. That you can look at are plugs, I guess, is how you how you refer to it. And I am very tempted to try those because some of my Wemo plugs are getting a little old, they work through the HomeKit bridge, and they can be a little slow. So I wanna I wanna try the a newer upgraded version basically, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

Nice. Yeah. Yeah. I just have random

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

plugs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

that like, I've got four different apps that control plugs on my phone. So Oh, see, that would drive me nuts. What I this is this is the thing that I love so much about the HomeKit experience. Right? Like, I got one control control plane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

and all these devices are from different makers and whatnot, and they're all just gels. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

The time is coming, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

Maybe before the end of the year. Alright. There you go. It's either that or a new iPhone. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

Oh, these are the options? Oh, my word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

at this point, John, I think you should just wait till the next one. Wait until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

the next one gets announced. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

And we'll we'll rehash this conversation for probably the third time in the life of the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:10]

listener ideas, we need more of these. So if you're listening and you have something you want us to talk about or think it would be funny to hear us talk about or you wanna make fun of us for talking about something,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

then you suggest should you should suggest it on our Facebook page, facebook.com/twistoflemonpod.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

Twitter, tweet at us,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

twist of lemon pod on Twitter,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

or through our contact page on twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

You can also leave a five star review on Apple Podcasts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

you can leave a suggestion there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

But we have what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:51]

Two left?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. In terms of all those ideas. Yeah. One of them is life hacks, and I have not been able to figure out I've been thinking about this a lot, like, what constitutes a life hack, and do I have any?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

I'm not I'm just I don't know. Me I probably do. I just I'm not sure what they are.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

Yeah. So I think that this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

is more general than you're thinking it is, and it's basically things that you do that make life easier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

maybe the majority of the population doesn't do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Oh, man. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

don't know, John. Do you have some that you you do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

So I think that there are things that have were life changing for me when I figured them out and started implementing them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

So the first one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

is learning how to use a chef's knife. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's that's a good one. So, like, how to dice an onion or slice an onion or anything that you can do with an onion and keeping your knife sharp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

Like, these are things I didn't grow up knowing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

Yeah. And I think so you're you're talking about basically not lifting the knife up and dropping it down over and over again. Right? Getting the right the the right using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

a knife that hasn't been sharpened in twenty years. Yeah. Which is just dangerous. Or or cutting with your knuckles out. Right? Rather than your fingertips out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

So Yep. Yep. Yeah. No. I think that's that's a that's a good one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

I just this is so weird because you're basically asking about routine stuff that someone might not think about, and I don't know that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

I don't know that I have that. I mean, I'm sure I do. I just like, my recall is bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:32]

Like, making your own bread?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

I because it tastes better than anything you can find? It does, and it's more convenient. Right? I think just generally healthier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

Think, you know, tastes better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

Yeah. All that. Yeah. I make bread. Surely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

there's something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

technical that you do. Probably. You know, on the Like, the smart garage door opener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

great life hack. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And, like, you gotta take it to the next next step, right, which is to, like, set up an iOS automation that's, like, when I'm returning home, because your device is smart enough to figure that out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

you know, open it. Now, iOS wants you to still hit a button, so it won't just automatically do it. But Which is probably good to see. Yeah. It probably is. But it's pretty cool to be like at the stop sign, turn on the left to my house, and my watch vibrates because, hey, the garage door wants to be open, I hit run automation. You know? That kind of thing. I will say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

the the automated vacuum cleaner, that was a that was a huge time saver,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

you know? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

Thing, we've we've we've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

got some food. So, you know, I do a lot of food planning, like, that's just kinda we spend a lot of time on the meal plan. See, this is gonna be great because I think that this is a point of stress and frustration

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

90

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

of America. Maybe. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

For for us, right, like, I I have an app where we started curating recipes that we like, right, and we we have, like, a general repertoire now that we rotate. It doesn't mean that we don't introduce new things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

but I can tell you that in winter months when it's cold, we will probably have chili

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

one day a a week. Right? Like, that's usually a Sunday thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

and and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

you know, we target that on a Sunday so that I have leftovers for Monday and Tuesday, usually. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

Tuesday, we we recently instituted Taco Tuesday, so we do, like, a cafeteria style tacos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

every single week, which for some people, right, like, it's it's too redundant. But but what we've kind of started to do is we've got, like, these days

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

we eat the same thing because we all like it. Everybody fills up on it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

and we just kinda rinse and repeat. And so the nice thing about that is then I'm able to track staples in the, the pantry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

And I know, like, for this month, right, at the start of the month, I bought all the Taco Tuesday stuff for the month minus fresh produce, mind you, because I could just do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:56]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

So I don't know. You know Nice. Another another life hacker, at least, I I guess, maybe this is a life hack. I have worked very hard to get all of my bills in the first, like, four days of the month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

And so all of that stuff gets processed at the at the start of the month, that first week, all my subscriptions, whatever's going on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

in terms of a recurring charge to my life. So it's done. It's out of the way, and then it gives me a really balanced picture of what, like, I I granted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

I should know this anyhow because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

it it just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

it's the same every month, but, like, I know what the balance is. Right? And I can kinda iterate and work through there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:37]

I like I like that kind stuff. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:40]

Yeah. I don't know if I would want subscriptions to be at the beginning of the month or the end of the month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

I I think it all depends on, like, how you look at your your money and your intake. Right? Like Yeah. So, like, I guess,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

like, my mortgage is at the beginning of the month and any savings I do is at the beginning of the month. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

So all my utilities, my cell phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

my Apple One subscription, like, that stuff is in the first four or five days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

Interesting. And my Amazon Subscribe Save, which is a which is a kind of a variable thing because I don't get the same thing every month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

But that's super handy. Like, I we get a fair amount of stuff from Subscribe and Save that is genuinely cheaper. I think the the trick is you've gotta use to do the price comparison, but, like, then you get it in there and you set it and you forget it and you just enjoy both the savings and the fact that this stuff shows up at my house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

I've plugged this a bunch of times before, but I I really do think if you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

get like, for us, it's Kroger. Right? If you if you if your grocery store will let you pick up groceries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

man, I save a ton of time and a ton of money by placing my order online the day before I need it, and then going and picking it up. Like, huge, huge time savings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

So that's that's one, like, I I would look for if you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

to do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

So Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

So I'm gonna throw out having an emergency fund. Now whether that's a thousand dollars or a year's worth of expenses,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

it's kinda up to you and how risk tolerant you are, but it just gives you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

a peace of mind

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:18]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

I didn't necessarily have before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:22]

So, like, if the air conditioner dies this summer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

I have money that I can go into and replace it. Or if a car breaks down at this point, like, we have another car, so it's not a huge deal. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:39]

just some kind of emergency

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:41]

savings,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:42]

that you use for emergencies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

not necessarily for vacations

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:46]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

other things like that. Yep. That's a good one. Again, peace of mind. Right? Like, I think having that emergency fund, whatever it may be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

it will spare you anxiety down the road. I just thought of another life hack, and I'd be curious what you're seeing with this one. So when I when I put on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

windshield wipers, when I change them out, I immediately order the next pair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

And so I had those on hand. I actually have the next pair just, like, sitting in the garage at the moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

Once it gets cold, if it gets cold,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

I will actually take them and put them into the car so that if I wind up in one of those situations where snow is, like, clumping and I realize, like, the the blade is now damaged, I can just replace it on the road. But I I did that because I what I realized is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

it they never you never notice that they are not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

working right at a convenient time. Right? So it'd be like a torrential downpour or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

and you'd be like, oh, I should go and get more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

or, like, replace some windshield wipers. Right? And if if you think to do Then you can't get anywhere because you can't see. Exactly. Exactly. Or or you find yourself at, the oil change place. Right? And they're like, oh, for $225,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

we'll give you these,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

you know, wiper blades that will literally part the Red Sea for you or, know, whatever. Like Right. So that's something that I've I've been doing for a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

So that's something that's probably a life hack in and of itself is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

you should learn how to do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

these basic maintenance things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:18]

yourself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:19]

and YouTube will teach you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

But windshield wiper blades,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

very easy to change.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:26]

Cabin air filter,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:27]

very easy to change. On most cars. Engine air filter

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:31]

on most cars. But YouTube will tell you how to do it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

nine times out of 10,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

you will save money by ordering from, like, AutoZone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

or or even Amazon. Amazon's got a way where you can, like, select your car, configure it, like, you know And it won't tell you if it fits or not. Exactly. It's cool. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:52]

So home

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

stuff too. So, like, when my air conditioner actually did go out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

last year, and then they wanted to charge me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:01]

rush

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:02]

maintenance fee just to come out and look at it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:05]

I said, no. Thank you. And I YouTubed the problem. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:10]

$16

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:10]

and thirty minutes later,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

I had a working air conditioner. Had the same thing happen with the, the refrigerator, if you remember, and the the fan. I think that was a little more than $16. I think it was, like, 60 or something, but heck of a lot cheaper than the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

stupid expensive refrigerator that we have. So here's here's another one for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

Dishwashers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

Right? I I don't I don't know if, like, we do something wrong, but we seem to go through a lot of dishwashers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

And And houses for them, man. Well, there's there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

it is incredibly easy to replace a dishwasher. Missus Lemon has done it now, I believe, three times. She actually won't let me do it. She did the first one unbeknownst to me, and then since,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

she's just been been on a roll. But, like, super simple repair,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

in order to replace,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

So, you know, we're trying at home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:04]

Is missus Lemon more handy than you are?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:07]

No. I think we're handy in different ways is all. Because there was, like, a time that she was learning to weld

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

and stuff like that. She took she took a class with her dad that was offered in Seymour. Yeah. To to weld. That was something that was an itch she wanted to scratch. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:22]

yeah. Maybe that's another life hack is learn

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:25]

things that interest you. Yeah. I mean just sitting down and watching TV every day. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

But I I do think there's something to be said for, like, trying to solve the problem before you call the expert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

You know, like like, don't don't hurt yourself or whatever, but the the first It has to do with natural gas. Call an expert. Yeah. There you go. First time I replaced an outlet, right, which freaks some people out because it's electricity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

Yeah. You know, I just Or a light fixture. Right. Ceiling. There you go. I just took a gamble, tried it, and boom. There there you go. Ceiling fans are really easy to replace. That's actually another thing. Like, if you buy a new house, nine times out of 10, you just have a light in the middle of the room,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

but you have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

a double pole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

switch at the door or whatever. Right? So it's like all wired up. You know, there's an extra set of set of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

wire ends at the top. You just just put it in. It's easy. Yep. So.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

Alright, John. I'm gonna keep thinking about this life hack thing. I'm sure I'll come up with some more stuff. Did you ever did you ever go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:27]

to the lifehacker.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

website back when it was interesting?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

I don't that one doesn't ring a bell. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:34]

So that was one of my favorite websites like back in the day of iGoogle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:40]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:42]

it was kinda at a nerdy bend. So it was more like productivity

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:45]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:46]

devices and things like that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

with a smattering of other stuff. I think that the closest kinda get to what they have now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

are some of the art of manliness columns maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

that are kinda just skills or interesting things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

to learn. Yeah. I I will tell you, looking at Lifehacker right now, this site is garbage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:08]

Yes. Yes. It is. But back in the day, it was one of my favorite sites. Yeah. Art of manliness usually has some good material

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

in in, like, stuff you don't necessarily think of. Like, I'm just looking at the the cover here. Right? How and When to Tuck Your Shirt? I haven't read it. Probably pretty good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

Right. You know? I can I can generally They have high quality content Yeah? And it's all over the place. So something might not interest you, but something else might, and you don't necessarily have to be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:35]

striving to be more manly to get something out of the website. Here's a great article, the complete guide to making a DIY

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

first aid kit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

There you go. So yeah. All good all kinds of good content. So alright. I'm gonna keep thinking about this life hack thing, and I'll I'll circle back. I'll see if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

maybe when missus Lemon hears this episode, she will tell me some life hacks I do. Because I I imagine this is an easier thing from an observational standpoint rather than a reflective standpoint. Right? Like, I'm I'm sitting here self reflecting on what I do and like, who knows? But I'm sure she'll observe stuff that probably she feels is neurotic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

That is actually a life hack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:16]

In the meantime, listener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

go learn how to use a chef's knife. There you go. Alright. John, it's been a pleasure as always. Until next time, my friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

This is Stan Lemon. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands, wear a mask, and get a vaccine.

