---
title: Internet Interruptions
date: '2021-10-07T14:24:27.000Z'
slug: internet-interruptions/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around Ted Lasso, a popular TV series, and its
  second season. John and his guest discuss the show's character development,
  particularly Nate's storyline, and how it progresses throughout the seasons.
  They also share personal experiences with new job opportunities and purchases,
  including John's decision to buy Apple AirPods Max.
keywords:
  - Ted Lasso
  - character development
  - Nate
  - Apple AirPods Max
  - professional growth
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So John, we have a list to cover today, but I wanted to start off with something not on the list. I intended to write this down and I I forgot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

How do you eat your tacos?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

With my hands?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

Of course. Of course. But I I feel like this was a Taco Bell commercial back in the day and maybe I'm totally misremembering.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

But I thought that there was a commercial about like the angle of attack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

Right? Like do you turn the taco? Do you turn your head? Do you come in from the side? Do you like how do you go at it? And the reason I'm asking is because we had a heated debate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

last night at the table.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

Missus Lemon believed that there's only one angle of approach and Lucy rightly, might I add,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

noted that there's actually many ways that you can approach this and they they bring different benefits to them. So John, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

how do you eat your taco?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

I turn my head

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

and I usually the first bite

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

is not at the end of the taco, but kind of up in the corner, if you can call it a corner when it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

turned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

don't start from one end and work your way? Well, it's from the end, but not at the bottom of the end. So you know how it's kinda arced? So I start at, like Yeah. 45 degrees so that everything doesn't start dripping out if you bite it right at the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Got it. So you're telling me that you leave part of the base

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

of the taco intact on that first bite? I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

So the the bottom of the taco

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

from front to back is complete

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

After bite number one. Successful first bite. Yes. Okay. Alright. Wow. That's I did not see that coming. I'm gonna be honest with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

So but you do you do the you do the side thing. Right? Like you hold it in your hand and you come around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:17]

I mean, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

sometimes depending on the taco and who made it, like, sometimes you eat it more like a burrito than a taco, I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

Well, yeah. I mean, that's, you know, and and that Like Taco Bells,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

soft tacos, essentially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

I I wanna talk to you about that too. So so you come you come at it though, like a soft taco or burrito, like like say from Chipotle. Yep. You would hold it in front of you Yep. At like, what I mean, what would you say?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

Like, a 30 degree decline?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

okay. Maybe 35. Do you ever Yeah. Do you ever do you ever try like a 15%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

incline?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

Like you angle it so that the the food's falling into your mouth? No. That just sounds like a disaster waiting to happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

Well, the the upside to it is you don't get as much stuff falling out of the back of the burrito which is one of the biggest frustrations. The burrito has been wrapped well and that's not an issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

Okay. How many times have you had a successfully wrapped burrito?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

I don't know. I'd say probably 60% of the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

I I gotta move to Iowa because they're definitely not wrapping burritos 60% of the time correctly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

here in Indiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

So I I think I I would love to know what other people do. I do the side approach. I take a whole bite, full vertical. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

And my bites get progressively bigger. I I will take a bite off of the top in the midsection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

in order to reduce load. I find that to be the least appetizing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

part of the the taco though. Right? Because basically, you're gonna get a whole bunch of shell Yep. And some lettuce. Yep. Right? And and, you know, maybe a little bit of cheese if you're lucky. But really, like, shell and lettuce,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

that's not why I order a taco. Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

well, I'd love to know what other approaches I I mean, do you do you remember this commercial that I think I remember from what's probably the late nineties or a familiar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

Yeah. I don't think I made this And it probably would have been the nineties because that was Taco Bell's glory days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

Oh, man. I gotta say, I was I was lamenting Taco Bell a lot yesterday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

for so many reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

First and foremost, I went to place an order. There's a Taco Bell that's 1.2 miles from my house. Yep. Right? And I wanted to place an order on the app and then just go pick it up. Right. And in my mind, like, that is that's the sweet spot for perfection. Like, if I can just click a button and get Taco Bell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

and not spend more than, like, 7 minutes in the car round trip, like, we're we're talking, like, game changer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

to life productivity. Right? Right. That's what elevates Taco Bell into being in the lemon house every week. But instead,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

I kid you not, I spent almost thirty minutes fighting that stupid app. One, to get logged in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

and then to try and build an order. And then, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

the the post road in Indianapolis venue,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

for whatever reason, you can't place an order online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

Interesting. Right? And they had something was not available.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

And here's the thing too. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

if you place an order and it's for pickup in the dining room, in my experience at least, it is usually more accurate than when they're trying to rush it to you to the drive through. Probably true, especially with the number of people who you have to order for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Yeah. Well, yeah. Well, there there's the whole other thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

So I looked at the Taco Bell, and there were, like, two people inside, and there were eight cars lined up. And why in God's good name I decided to go through the drive through despite it? I do not know. I think it just takes longer inside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

I there's there's so many factors here. But so finally, I gave up. I was like, I'm just gonna go, and I'm a place an order in the drive through and see what see what I can get. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

then, John, I I felt like I had a simple order. I wanted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

Dorito tacos Yep. Four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

plain tacos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

I wanted a normal beef chalupa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

I wanted a chicken chalupa. I wanted a cheese roll up, two orders of nachos and cheese, and two orders of cinnamon rolls. So no special requests.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

No. There's I know. I didn't They're all straight Off off of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

straight off of me. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

when I got there, I made the fatal flaw of deciding to do the party pack instead, is 12 tacos instead of eight. Yep. And I did six and six. Now they got that right. Yep. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

Chalupas are fine, nachos and cheese are fine, cheesy roll up is fine. Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

man, chalupas are so good. I don't know what they do to those shells. Yeah man. But it they they are truly delicious and I am a big fan of the chicken chalupa. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

it's just special and I did Diablo sauce yesterday and I got no regrets. No regrets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

So but the thing is they forgot the cinnamon twists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

Yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

Know, kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

were heartbroken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

Just one kid and one missus Lemon. So basically, the way this went down is that Henry and Lucy called an audible for nachos and cheese. Mhmm. Now, normally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

would get nachos and cheese because I I think that whatever Taco Bell has done to make that concoction they call cheese, which first of all, it's not cheese. We all know it's not Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

But whatever it is, it's delicious. Cheese is delicious. I feel like that at some point they changed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

their chips and they aren't as good as they used to be. Oh, they're yeah. They definitely aren't. They're too thin and they tend to break so much that they're just I don't know. They used to be circular and yellow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

I I don't you're thinking of Lunchables.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

With chips?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

Yeah. Yeah. There's a nachos and cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

Don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

lie, John. Don't lie. Before you married Anna,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

you ate Lunchables every day, didn't you? No. I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

Well Occasionally, I ate buffalo chicken dip for dinner, but, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

Probably the only reason that I do not eat Lunchables every night is because I'm married. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

especially the little pizza lunchables The pizza lunchables

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

the way. Were the best lunchables in grade school though. They were. Yeah. Yeah. Well, because do you remember do you remember the ham ones? They like Yeah. It was the worst ham you could I didn't like ham because of ham lunchables. Yeah. Like that's I'm pretty sure that's why. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

Yeah. It's not my favorite. Better. Again, probably the Lunchables. That's probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

You know, I I just I don't know. So Better cuts of a pig to smoke.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

Yeah. They definitely are. And there's I think there are better ways to eat it. Yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

So suffice to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

we we had a a lovely lady. Her name was Charlie at the window. She was great. She's fantastic. Very nice. You know? And I did the whole Ted Lasso thing as I was pulling away. Was like, I appreciate you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

Which is my When go to you started your order, were you like, oy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

No. I should've. Oy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Actually, when I got home though, I guarantee you when I got home and I realized the order had a mistake, was like, oy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

here's the thing. Right? Like, I I and maybe this is totally misplaced, but I feel like they would have gotten that right if I had done it on the app and I had gone to pick it up in store.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

You know? Yeah. Seems likely. Maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:19]

online ordering wasn't available because they can't find employees to actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

manage it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

Maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

man. There were a lot of people in there though. I saw at least four people behind the counter. Yeah. You know? You figure you got one person to assemble, one person to squirt sour cream, one person to take orders at the door, and one person to take orders from the drive through. And that like that's that's what you need. Right? Right. You think. I never worked in a fast food place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

Yeah. I worked in a slow food place. That's not really a thing. I I worked at TGI Fridays once. I didn't work in the kitchen though, thankfully. Yeah. Nobody nobody wants that. But so anyhow, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

really the whole purpose of this was to talk to you about how to eat a taco. Yeah. Because it was again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

I think, a rather passionate discussion at the Lemon House. I know how much you love Taco Bell. I love Taco Bell. Missus Lemon does not. In a moment of secretly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

does,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

but she doesn't wanna admit it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

Well, this is the thing. We were painting we were painting the office last night, and she says she she literally goes I I I well, no. I made a joke like, hey. We should just get Taco Bell rather than cook, and she goes, that sounds really good right now. And I was like, oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

you know, like, what's what's going on? You didn't order any beverages, did you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

No. I I love the Blast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

Yeah. Everybody loves the Baja Blast. That's that's like, you know, 6,000 calories in a single drink. Yeah. But it's a great marketing tactic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Well, that's fine. Yeah. No. I'm with you there. Missus Lemon got the Locos Tacos. She wanted three Locos Tacos.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:49]

Which are delicious. So she would she would like Like, that was a brilliant idea. Like, whoever came up with that, let's put a taco in Doritos. That's brilliant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

Yeah. But here's here's the problem. They only have the cheese Dorito Yep. Locos tacos now. They got rid of the Cool Ranch ones. And I honestly, this makes me really sad. And if you if you look at the menu today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

find me a chicken burrito.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

No chicken burrito?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

There's no like, it's not listed. Like, it's not a thing. Like, you can order it. Like, you can do the substitution and all that. Yeah. But, like, I I have to think too hard. I just want a chicken burrito or, you know You better go to chicken fajita burritos? I do not. Yeah. I've said that I'm not a huge fan of I don't know if it's the vegetables with the cumin or what, but I don't like fajita vegetables that much. So, like, I never order fajitas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

Oh, man. I every time. I'll do that every time. Yeah. I give me give me some more roughage. Right? Sure. But but the thing is, like, menu has reduced in size. Now, again, you can customize something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

to the point that you get what you want. In some cases, but, like, they discontinued the Mexican pizza. Right? Yeah. We've we've discussed that previously. That's a trap. And Like, what is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

Kollmeyer is always sad that there's something that's no longer on the menu,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

but don't remember what it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

Well, clearly it left a lasting impression.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

But she's always disappointed when we go to Taco Bell. But the last time I was at Taco Bell was with you and the kids when I visited the last time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

That's right. That's right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

So here's the thing. I love a cheesy gordita crunch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

The problem is it's like it's like 800 calories for something that that doesn't even come close to filling me up. Right? So like I wanna do it but it's not really how my night needs to end, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:33]

Rather save those calories for beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

Yeah. Or wine or ice cream. Like, there there are a whole bunch of ways to end my evening with a smile that don't involve a cheesy gourd to your Do they still have caramel apple empanadas?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

No. That's definitely not a thing. Man, that's definitely not Those were delicious. Those were better than McDonald's apple pies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

McDonald's apple pies, which are like the worst thing on the menu for you. Right. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

But here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

John, here's here's my ask. When the day should come that I'm on my deathbed, I would like you to go get me three cheesy gordita crunches and two McDonald's apple pies. Alright. Bring them bring them to my deathbed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

Get get yourself something too. But bring those to my deathbed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

and let me eat them. So that that basically that will be my last meal. That's I'm requesting on the podcast today that my last meal be cheesy gordita crunch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

three of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

Probably Diablo sauce. Let's throw some Diablo sauce. I feel like on on the last day Not gonna be. I wanna that's how I wanna go. Yeah. And then some apple pies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

Alright. You know? Which, by the way, like, I don't think those are even real apples. No. And they don't really even taste that apple y. Right. You're eating all of the other You're eating sugar. Sugary goodness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

Ain't nothing wrong with it. If you can somehow figure out how to swing a Shamrock shake in the midst midst of all this, game on. Gotta die in March, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

Alright. So we are now thirteen and a half minutes into this talking about Taco Bell, and it's brought up at least three other things that aren't on the list that we need to talk about. Sorry. Sorry. Alright, John. John. Hey. Have you have you ordered an iPhone yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

Well, that's on the list and no. So did you book a Disney cruise yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

March. Here we go. We knocked off fourteenth. You need to sail with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

will see, John. I I don't I don't know, man. At least go your passport process.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

How long does that take? Like, I mean, you can rush it, but, like, it takes a couple months probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

Okay. Alright. I gotta do it for everybody though, don't I? Everybody who would go on the cruise. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

Yeah. See, that's that's where everything falls apart. Right? We're trying to decide I think you should ask missus Lemon who will tell you that you guys deserve a couple's vacation with your friends at Kohlmeyer's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

If you can convince missus Lemon to actually say that to me in real life I'm pretty sure she said that to the kids

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

when I was there. I just Like, we need to go first to make sure everything's alright and checks out for them. That that's what she said.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

Yeah. But but saying that in a moment of weakness and and wine inspired

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

fury and and, like, actually meaning it are two very different things. Hey. Right? If you love it, then you can book another one on the cruise itself for a discount.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

I I love how you think that I can just like keep booking cruises to my heart's delight. Well, you can book it like couple years out. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

Yeah. Yeah. Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

Alright. I'll keep pushing on it. Alright. But both of our offices are in disarray.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

Or is They are. Wait. Why is your office in disarray? Because I've been dealing with water issues coming in from the corner. I don't know if can see it, but, like, my carpet's pulled up. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

Again. My bookshelf is pulled thought you all I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

thought you had all those resolved. So I thought I did too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

right now, I think it's just the grating in this corner that I need to fix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

Because the rest of the Is it like a is it dip near the house? Yeah. So the flower bed itself does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

And I don't think it's roof issues anymore because it's considerably less water than when I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

found out that my gutter didn't extend long enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

So I think it's just typical grading issue at this point. So I gotta figure that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

Well, does the flower bed have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

mulch in it at this point? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

Okay. Well, go get the alright. Then this is easy. I could tell how to do this. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

you you get the Honda CR V. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Yeah. This this vehicle is built for this. You go to Lowe's, and in fact, you can actually this is what I've done. This is awful. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

go on to the Lowe's website on the app or whatever, and you order, like, I don't know, somewhere between ten and twenty bags of dirt. Alright. You don't need good stuff. You just get the cheap stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

And you order for curbside pickup, that's what I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

you let

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

basically your grandma and a 16 year old

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

young young guy who didn't make the football team load them up for you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

and you try not to feel ashamed Yep. Right? Because you're stimulating the economy Yep. And then you you go home and you just dump those into that and pat them down a little bit so they'll all run away but you do this, you'll be good. Alright? Alright. Sounds good. Ten and twenty bags. Yep. Ten and twenty bags. Listen. It's supposed to be what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

One inch for every foot

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

foundation while it's underground.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

I don't know. I don't I don't know the math. Like, I'm just saying if you You know what else I need with those with those with the soil is one of those, like, five foot levels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

You're overthinking this. Like, just make it look just make it look sloped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

Okay? It doesn't need to be pretty. You just want it dry

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

downstairs. Yep. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

So or in fact, would say even overdo it because it's gonna settle. Overdo it and then, you know, embrace it. But And your office is in disarray because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

I painted. You did paint even though I can't see because all I see is your white door which apparently is also gonna be replaced at some point which concerns me. Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

why why does that concern you, John? I don't know. I just don't know what it's gonna look like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

Well, it would be a solid door instead of a door with glass. Oh, you don't like the glass?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

Well, we've been debating. We've been debating this. And and honestly, it's a fifty fifty chance whether or the order for the doors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

gets gets completed. I I really I really don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

I the the thing is there's a lot of traffic out there at times. Especially during the summer. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

Especially during the summer. Maybe that's what what broke me on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

I the problem the problem is I don't actually like having my doors closed or, you know, like they are now. Right? So I like during the day like having them open which then begs the question like, what are two new solid doors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

gonna do for me?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

I don't know. But the the thought is that I just replace the slabs with solids and then take these ones downstairs for someday when my office relocates somewhere else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

yeah, I painted finally. We've been here three and a half years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

and this just had drywall primer on it. So I tried

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

four different paint colors. And I'm kinda sad he didn't go with the lilac. I think that would've looked nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

It's gonna be the master bedroom. That's gonna be the master bedroom. Alright. That's basically what we decided. That's fair. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

I was They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

didn't. They didn't. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

And I don't know how much that was lighting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

the the fantastic camera on the iPhone 13 Pro Max. I don't know what it was. But I I think they definitely didn't look good on the picture. They didn't they were not inspiring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

on to the naked eye.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

But what what I did is I basically took the paint that was in the hallway right outside after trying four different colors and said, you know what? I've lived here three and a half years and I don't hate this color. Just gonna bring it into my office. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

the person who built this house painted some rooms Yep. Put a lot more thought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

into the color choices and the progression of colors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

than I'm even capable of doing. Like I I'm not competent in this area at all and recognizing my weakness there is is quite empowering, John. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

I already have my bathroom colors picked out. That's the next painting project.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

baby steps, man. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:25]

Alright. So that was thing number

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

one. That wasn't on the list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:31]

Thing number two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

do we wanna talk about Ted Lasso?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

What would you think? Have you seen the have you seen the full full show now? Yeah. You have. You've probably seen it twice. Not I have not completed the second season for the second time yet. But after I do that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

it's very possible that we go back and watch everything again

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:52]

just You you've seen season one twice already? I have seen season one twice, and I would go back and watch it again. It is that good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

It it is fantastic. And it's in season

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:04]

The weird Jane episode. I don't remember what that was. Like after the loss where he's out of town with the bar guys

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

and where he gets beat up by Jamie's dad and Mamie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

Yeah. I I get that. I don't you know, I think that the whole purpose of that episode is to give you some depth into Beard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

like, shows the other side of him. I that's a tricky episode. It's definitely strange. Did I call him Gene? I would probably skip it too. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

Why did I call him Gene?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

You got firefly on the the prank. I guess so. That's all I can come up with. That's crazy. Okay. Coach Beard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

I feel better not knowing what you're referencing now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

Yeah. Alright. Anyways. So the finale. I think this is the best show on TV

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

right now. I'm just not even on real TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

Yeah. And I I think it's the best show by a lot. I think season one is is arguably some of the best TV I've ever seen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

I I think a lot of people seem to expect that season two is going to be like season one, which is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:03]

it's idiotic. Yeah. It's weird that people didn't like season two. And, like, I feel like season two is deeper, so maybe people don't catch it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

But especially if you go back and rewatch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

once you know the end, like, it's kinda crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

I think season two is deeper. I think I think they've had a chance to like, you know these characters. You have a familiarity with them. Right? Yep. And so they can do things with those characters that they couldn't do in season one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

The other thing too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

is if you look back on season one, right, Ted is almost a jarring character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:38]

Like, he seems so ridiculous. Well, you just go back to, like, the trailers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:43]

And I never thought that I would like this show because the trailers look stupid. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

Yep. I yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

And so, you know, the the beginning of season one, you are looking at Ted like he's a complete moron and he's doomed for failure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

You do not see the things that make him unique as a human and and ultimately the things that make

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

him build these relationships with all the other characters. And so if you look at season one, right, you are adjusting. You're getting familiar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

with the character Ted Lasso. Season two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

is really exploring the impact of this man in the relationships that he builds and ultimately, right, addresses this stigma around mental health issues in what I thought was a rather

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

profound way. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

like subject matter wise, the theme here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

is mental

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

health as well as also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

your identity and self value,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

right, which we see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

in Nate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

what I thought was so powerful about this season is Nate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

he seems like the bad guy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

fairly early in this season. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

even even up until the very last scene, I did not believe that this was the villain of the show. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

I I wanted to put that on Rupert, but Rupert Rupert's just a he's a pawn. I I I in fact, I believe he's a pawn of Nate at this point too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

So we just watched Rebecca's dad's funeral episode again

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

and there are two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

really huge things in that. One,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:21]

the picture that Nate gave to Ted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

at Christmas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

is Yep. Is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

next to his son's picture in Ted's bedroom. So Yeah. Number one. Number two, as Rupert is leaving,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:37]

they share a whispered exchange

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

that we don't know what. It just happens in the background that Nate and Rupert are just talking together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

and that's right after he gives

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

Rebecca the shares that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

were his.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

Yeah. Right. Clearly, there's like this whole play. I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

I had not gone through a second time, but I have seen clips subsequent and I I do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

realize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

this show is incredibly well thought out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

The the thoroughness to which they detailed out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

these episodes is truly impressive. I remember thinking how ridiculous it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

to have Christmas at the particular point that we were watching it. Right. Right? Like it felt weird,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

but it totally works. Yep. It was a fantastic episode too. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

It gosh. It might even be my most favorite episode of of the season, believe it or not, because it's just such a fun one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

And they sing at So the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

that's always fun. They do. And and Rebecca,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

I honestly like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

we've had some really great moments with Rebecca singing. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

So what's your take on this last episode? I really liked it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:48]

I told you you had to watch it Friday night because you have, in the past couple weeks, been waiting till Sunday or whatever to watch it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

But I've just been I've been busy, man. We managed to get to it and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

wow. Yeah. Yeah. It kinda blew my mind. And I mean, it was pretty much double the length of all the other episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:06]

And there's just so much like, at this point, we have a lot of characters that we're invested in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

and I think that it's paced really well and everybody gets screen time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

and you aren't left wanting more.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

Like, they totally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:25]

didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

I don't know. Didn't do anything with Roy or something like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

Yeah. Yeah. No. No. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

do you do you remember I don't know if you remember this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

You watch Star Trek the Next Generation when it aired live? Last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

seasons, not the beginning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

Okay. Do you so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

I think from season three on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

they did this amazing thing with episodes that straddled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

the the seasons. Right? Like the cliffhanger episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

They were good episodes by themselves,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

but but they left you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

like, sucked in emotionally to the story and you were also really angry that you didn't know what was going to happen next. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

For months. And I think part of that was because they had a yeah, for months. For it felt like forever, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

But they they had the confidence that they were gonna do another season. They were gonna be able to continue to tell that story. Yep. And I was reflecting back on how many shows do you do we actually have where that happens? Like we had that with Game of Thrones. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

But but set Game of Thrones aside for a moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

What what else is there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

Where where have we had this continuity from season to season with the with the cliffhangers and the suspense where you're both emotionally invested in the characters, the story, and you also are like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

you know, legitimately mad at the writers and the producers that they're leaving you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

for in this situation it's gonna be probably a year, right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

Before we know how the story tells.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

So, like, the big ones that do that now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

they drop all at once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

And then it's, like, three months later, another season comes out. So I don't think that we have I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

think they even do it to the significance to which Ted Lasso has managed to pull this off. I think that Ted Lasso,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

one episode per week has been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

Like, this is another way where Apple kinda returns

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

to something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

and perfects it. So Yeah. I we we talked a little bit about this I think a few episodes back how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

the suspense of getting to like watch the episode, the excitement of it and also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

the the like community that it creates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

around having a release date, like a point in time where you can go see it. Whether

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

it's Twitter or talking to you or talking to other people, you know, on my block, my neighbors, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

This this show this show has been special, I think, because of the reach,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

the appeal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

the quality of the writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

Hats off to Jason Sudeikis and and coach Beard who who's, you know, co creator. I don't actually know what that guy's name is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

It's special. This last episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

man,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

I was so mad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

When I saw that sign torn in half, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

I wanted to punch something, man. Wanted to punch the screen, like, give me a little Nate doll and just punch him in the face, you know? Yep. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

So what do you think happens next season? Do you I think the big question in my mind is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

Rupert's team is obviously gonna face off against Rebecca's. Right. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

Are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:35]

is is Rupert's team gonna win? So I think the first time, yes. And then they're gonna meet each other again in, like, quarterfinals or finals or something, and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:46]

Richmond will win.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

I I suspect that that is how it will play out. I mean, here's the thing. Brendan Hunt, by the way, is is the other guy. I was trying to think of his name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

The the problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

the problem is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

that's almost cliche. It's almost predictable. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

So that's the thing with sports. Like, movies

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:08]

by themselves

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

are really, really lame because there's two outcomes. The team wins or the team loses. So the team loses.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

It's all about how you win. Although with soccer, I guess, like, you can tie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

Well, there you go. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

Yeah, it's really everything else surrounding that. Like, at this point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

actual football is a literary device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

Yeah. Yeah. Do you think we will see a Khufu

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

next season?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:37]

No? You think that's this like a one season Don moves on kinda thing? I think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

His his temper tantrum was epic. I I could not get over how well that was done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

What about Trent Crim? Will we see him next season? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

In what way? I don't know. Maybe he starts his own online blog or something. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

He he is he is truly been a surprising joy in this story.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:06]

I did not expect to like him. That was one of my favorite episodes in the first season is when he follows Ted around all day and they go eat up that Indian flips. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

Yep. The the restaurant. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

know, it's interesting too. I have found myself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

endeared to both Higgins and Jamie Tart, and I did not think I would like either of them at the onset of season one. In fact, I didn't like Jamie Tart at all in season one. I didn't like him at the beginning of season two. Yeah. So He's really come around. I still don't particularly like Jamie Tart. Higgins is hilarious and I love his character. Oh, Higgins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

Higgins is fantastic. Know. I feel like there's probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:45]

too much of a call for sympathy for Jamie and the way it's written. That just turns me off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

Well, yeah. And and they definitely capitalize on that. I think part of that was designed to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

address

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

the relationship with Keely and with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

Roy Right. And create

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

that conflict that all because basically, the whole purpose of Tarte's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

daddy issues

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

is to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

cause him to inflect in a way in which he goes to Keely and then spills his guts. It also is a way to, like, create that almost

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

paternal relationship

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

with Roy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

which is both hilarious and awkward. Right? Like, I loved in in this last episode when he headbutted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

Tart right before hugging him. Like, that was that was fantastic. Give me more of that. You know? So, yeah, that's really the next question is there's some characters that we haven't really explored the father relationship with that I think we'll see in season three as well. Maybe that's Keely. Roy, I don't know because Roy is more playing the father figure both with his niece and now Jamie in some aspects. Then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

who's the new captain? What's his name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

Isaac? Isaac. Yeah. Isaac. Yep. Yep. Which interestingly had a rather, I think, diminished role in the finale. I was expecting, especially after the episode where, you know, Roy, like, takes him to the the soccer fields and he plays with his his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

neighborhood, you know, folks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

I I expected him to have a a larger larger build. So maybe we'll get a bit more of him. Yep. Obviously, they're they're Capalezzi and Sam, I think is just a wonderful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

character. His actor is just is just a ton of fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

You know, that's the other thing too. You look at the quality writing on this show, the quality casting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

it's like they could not have done better. Even I didn't like Doc

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

Sharon Fieldstone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

But she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

she really in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

the end was the perfect actress for that character. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:53]

Do we see more of her?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

I think we got to. Don't we?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

The way they wrap this up, it sure seemed like that was the end of the line. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

I mean, get the impression that she's even moving. Right. You know? But we'll see. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

there is a legit chance that she shows up on Murdoch or Ru Murdoch. Rupert's team.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

I think that would be a fascinating twist, right, to be working with the enemy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

I hope that doesn't happen because I don't wanna I don't wanna dislike her. But I think that's that's plausible. Nate. She'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

Well, my wife, missus Lemon, has a really interesting theory on Nate. She thinks that Nate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

he finally stops being the bad guy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

when he has his own child.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

Interesting. And he becomes a father.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

I think that's a fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

I don't know that we have enough seasons for that. Yeah. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

you know, Nate has aged a lot. I'm sure you've seen all of the articles and memes showing the before and after of Nate. They really did a good job of progressing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

his physical characteristics in the face and the hair to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

to show, you know, the toll that this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

this anger has had on him, you know? Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

alright. But bottom line, John, if you are out there and you have not seen Ted Lasso,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

this is the best five dollars that you will spend this month. Spend $5 on Apple TV plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

Go watch Ted Lasso season one. Go watch Ted Lasso season two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

I this is the best thing on TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

hands down, and I'll stand by that. And if you don't like season two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

because you expect it to be like season one, I'm sorry. You got to know Ted Lasso. Right? You got to know the guy, the character. He's not gonna be that outlandish and ridiculous in season two, and you need to embrace the full depth of the story because what they're doing here is really impressive. Agreed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:50]

And for reference,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:52]

we did not jump on the Ted Lasso's train or the Cole Myers did not until after season one was complete.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:58]

And then when we first started watching, we watched season one in two days total.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

We also did not jump on the Ted Lasso train when it released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

I begrudgingly put on episode one Yep. And then I I couldn't stop. I could not stop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

It's just that good. It's just that good. So hey, we've had this this thing professionalism don't ghost people on the list for a while. I feel like we should we should cover this because you don't You wanna touch that or the third thing that's not on the list?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

What's the third thing that's on the list? You're wearing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:30]

Apple AirPods Max on your ears. I didn't think I noticed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

Yes. I caved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

There there are two reasons for this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

One, Amazon had them marked down by a $100.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

They're still stupid expensive at a $100 off. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

for some reason, it made me feel more justified in pulling the trigger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

The other thing was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

I guess I could say this. I guess I could say this out loud. I am I've I've got a new job. You do too. Maybe we should talk about that next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

I've got a new job and I told myself that if I got to the point where I was offered the job, I would reward myself with AirPods Max because in my mind, this is this is completely irrational. Right? I I need I need Doc Sharon for this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

In my mind, that was justification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

to buy $450

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

Alright. Sure. And I agree when I when I made that commitment to myself, were $550.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

So I just like, you know, it's all kinds of rationalization from top to bottom. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

you remember how amazing they were in the store? I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

They're they are still that amazing, John. And you get to use them all day. Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

my goodness. They're so incredibly impressive to use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

I told I told Sarah today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

it it's like being single again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

And she she was like, what? What does that mean?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

I can't hear my kids. I can't hear her. She was she was playing the organ today, and all I could hear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

the jazz music that I was playing. Nice. Right? So, yeah, it was it was just it was great. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

recognize that they are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

obnoxiously expensive. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

There is an like a next level of technology going on in this headset.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

Hopefully, ten

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

It better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

You know what though? Here, let me show you this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

So I I didn't realize how stupid the case was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

Yeah. That's weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

It's this they they put this absolute most stupid case

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

in in the package, and so I'm almost certainly gonna buy a different case.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

Not that I go anywhere or that I would ever take these with, but, like like, genuinely, it's just a stupid design. I don't know who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

at Apple thought this was the way to go, but they don't even cover the, like, the the top, like, top band, and so you could stick it in a bag and it's just gonna get snagged on something. Basically, it's a it's a cover for the cups. That's all it does. It slides into it, but even the bottom of the cups are not fully covered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

Like, are slats in the bottom of it. I I don't know. I I guess it's leather, I think. Sure. No. That's that's not leather. There's no way that's leather. That's like neoprene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

But there's a felt inside. The felt is soft and smooth, but it's gonna get dirty Yeah. Cause it's open. Like, you know, if I buy a pair of $550

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

headphones, you give me this and a plastic case to put them in. Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

Like, I don't know, John. It's the silly things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:40]

Oh, well. You have a hook on your desk for him. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

I do. I do. I gotta relocate the Beats headphones now which I will probably never use again. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

Give them it's a question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

No. Don't don't say that. He's he's got he's got my old AirPods. No. Like I did not know that. I thought Lucy had AirPods. I didn't know Henry had it. No. She she has AirPods too that I got free with my iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

Listen, the number of Apple devices in this house, first of all, is alarming and it is completely unnecessary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

Right? Right. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

That was the the third thing that was not on the list? That was the third thing and final thing. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:15]

Okay. We'll save Ghosteen for another episode, John. Alright. Sounds good. And one of one of these days we'll get to our deep discussion Of values. Of values. Maybe we'll run out of things to talk about at some point. This will keep us going on. There's only one person who told us we should keep podcasting in 2022

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:29]

and one person who told us that we should stop. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

Yeah. But but if you if you weigh the two against each other,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

like, I I think I value Dan Ches' opinion more than Mark's. True. So yes. We didn't we didn't tell you which one No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

We're going to. No. I'm I'm gonna spill the beans. Yeah. If you like if you'd like this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

you should absolutely find Marc Buto on the Facebooks or or the Internet like email. What's butomt@gmail.com?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

Right? Think so. Email email Mark and tell him how mean he is to his son-in-law.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:02]

He told he told him to stop podcasting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

That's that's what he said. Just stop podcasting, John. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

So I think he's jealous. But I'm sorry. I love you, Mark. I love you. You're you're mean and hurtful, but I love you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:15]

Alright. Alright, Stan. If ever there were an episode to get us in trouble, John. Yep. And Alright. Your Internet survived this whole time. So cool. It did. Look at that. Look at that. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:24]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

Go get your vaccine.

