---
title: "Reformation, Voting, and Kanban Moving Boards"
episode: 17
date: "2018-11-08T13:00:16.000Z"
slug: reformation-voting-and-kanban-moving-boards/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of "Twist of Lemon", hosts John Kolmeyer and [guest name]
  discuss various topics including donating to charity during Christmas time,
  online shopping habits, and social media presence. The conversation also
  touches on the importance of honest reviews on iTunes and the podcast's social
  media channels.
keywords:
  - online shopping
  - Christmas donation
  - social media presence
  - iTunes reviews
  - charitable giving
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

what is this a screenshot you sent me of?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

The most recent one that I sent you? Yeah. It's like a black window and it's got our podcast logo on it. Black window podcast logo. Yeah. Life with a twist of lemon. We are now on Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

Fancy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

I can't believe you use Spotify.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:50]

Have we gone over the part where I'm cheap?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

Oh, you don't you don't pay for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

I I I don't pay for Spotify. Alright. Well, that makes all the more sense now. I was thinking here you were a Spotify subscriber, but in fact, you're not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

Well, this is cool. So ad in that screenshot that I sent you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

Oh, Sabrina on Netflix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Who is that? Is that, Hermione Granger?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

I don't think so. What's who's that actress?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

That actress looks familiar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

You want me to look it up for you, Stan? Yeah. Mean, that would be good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

Have you have you started your Netflix subscription again yet? No. No. I'm I'm close though. It's imminent. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

I I suspect at the end of the week because my kids are gonna spend a couple nights with their grandparents while Sarah has foot surgery and stuff. And so it'll be kinda slow around here, and I think that that would be a good time to binge watch some television. So imminent. It's imminent, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

I've never heard of this person before. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

Kirananshipka?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

Well, when you click on her name on IMDb, what else has she been in?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:01]

She has been in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

Mad Men, Sally Draper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Oh, that's okay. There we go. I knew she looked familiar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

Sally Draper. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

Wow. So Sally Draper is gonna be Sabrina.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

I guess so. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

Color me in training. You know. Maybe we'll have to watch now. Did you watch the one with, Melissa Dronehart back in the nineties? Dude, I was I was a big Clarissa explains it all fan. Did you ever watch that show?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

I've seen parts of it that was slightly before my time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

Ouch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

You making old jokes. No. I I was a I didn't I never really got into Sabrina. I think maybe I watched a couple episodes in the first season or something mainly because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

I liked Melissa Joan Hart as Clarissa and Clarissa Explains It All because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

I mean, I was a product of the nineties and Nickelodeon was the was the hotness, but I never, never really got into the whole Sabrina thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

So how we got here and Sabrina is now when you, dear listener, are at work, instead of listening to music through your Spotify account, you can now listen to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

the beautiful voices of Stan Lemon and John Kollmeyer because Life With a Twisted Lemon is on Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

I just I just still find it a little

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

difficult to believe that people listen to podcasts in Spotify.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

Yeah. I don't really.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

I listen to all my podcasts through Overcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

Yeah. There you go. A plug for overcast.fm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

Do we get like some sort of advertising money out of that? I don't think so. I think we could probably pay overcast to get like a blip on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

a directory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

listing but I don't really think that's gonna be worth it because I still don't know what category we'd fall into. But that's another that's another topic. Could spend a whole episode talking about what the categorization, what's the genre. Well, might be helpful because I had to choose three of them when I was submitting us to Spotify

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

this afternoon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

I just picked random stuff. In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

the end, it doesn't matter. Start out with technology

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:06]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

that's kinda what we both work in. So we're bound to talk about technology a lot. It seems inevitable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

Did you choose origin?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

I might have for Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

Even though that note talked about once. That note, remember we talked about the reformation last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

week?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

We did. Yeah. So Did you get feedback from your coworkers on that? No. No. I haven't nobody I mean, I don't know. Maybe they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

turned it off before we finished. But no. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

so so check this out though. This was wild. We were at reformation service. We we actually managed to get a half hour of trick or treating in and then beeline to church,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

and, we're we're there. And then we go up for, you know, we're the first table for communion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

and the power goes out, so the organ shuts off. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

And Right. All the lights are out. And because, you know, it's this time of year, it's dark. All we have is candlelight. But one by one, people whipped out their cell phones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

and and we sang acapella for the rest of the service. It was the first communion. We had three more hymns to go, plus we had the rest of the liturgy and the closing hymn, and we did the whole procession, like the whole shebang,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

all in the dark with nothing but candles and cell phones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

So That's kinda cool, actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

Can you imagine our friends who are pastors in the Lutheran Church Missouri Synod?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:29]

I'm thinking like pastor Borgart, pastor Buto, and pastor Fanker. Do you think they would be able to just keep their composure if the power went out? I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Yeah. I don't really think so either. That says something about pastor Murrow. Well, he I'll tell you what, he did look he looked down at Sarah and I, and, yeah, it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

By Grace I'm Saved was the hymn. Right? So I I wasn't gonna I was gonna let back on that. So we just started belting that, and everybody just kept going with, and it was what it was. But it was interesting because, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

in the absence of the organ,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

people actually sang louder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

And I don't know if that was actually the absence of the organ or if it was just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

people were kinda stoked about the fact that we just kept going. But Nice. What was what was also interesting was so on the next communion hymn after By Grace, I'm Saved because we got, you know, most of the first verse with an organ, and then we did the, what, other five

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

without.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

And for the next hymn, Sarah whips out her cell phone, and she's got a little piano app, and she bangs out the verse for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

the first time so that everybody could hear it, you know, so they could like get the Right. The the the tune.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

And after that, the actual organist did it for every other hymn. But it was I mean, I don't know. It was kinda cool. I digged it. So my kids were stoked. Then we went downstairs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

for Gamut Lakite by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

candlelight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

which Gemutlichkeit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

I don't even know what the proper what's the translation of Gemutlichkeit into English?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

Good is it good times or something like that? I just here's how I tell this is what I tell people, like, it is an excuse for Lutherans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

to drink beer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

typically at church or How do you even spell glamitlichkeit?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

Oh, dude. There's an umlaut in there. I've got it in my I've got it in my calendar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

because it's also like what we talk Trying to do real time translation for you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

It just means friendliness, apparently. There you go. So but it's German, and it's like, you gotta get your throat in the hood. Gotta go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:26]

You know Okay. What Americans need need to know is when they see that word, it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

means there's probably beer involved. Yeah. Lutheran's beer, good times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Yeah. What are gonna do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

Nice. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

Sounds like a solid reformation day for you. Yeah. Hey, man. I got no complaints. We were there till almost 10:00 on a school night too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

But On a school night. I mean, can't you just kind of shift your day if you want to as homeschooling parents? We can, but the other kids that my kids were playing with, they don't have that luxury.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

Uh-huh. What are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

It was a good good times I had by all. But so that was that. That was that was the the follow-up to last week's brief reformation service discussion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

Excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

Now last week What else are we talking about? Well, last week, we also talked to politics, and I thought that by the time Yeah. I thought we would tweet. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I thought we would have recorded on Tuesday, but we had to record earlier because we live busy lives. So we actually don't have any, like, real time follow-up on elections. However, will say this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

by the next time we record,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

I will be able to turn on the TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

and not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

see any senate campaign advertisements,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

and I cannot tell you how badly I cannot wait for that moment to come.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

So yeah. Why do you turn on TV? Oh, yeah. For football. For football. So I turned it on on Saturdays and Sundays. Yeah. I get Spotify ads about elections.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

It's more like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:59]

general generic go out and vote stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

And then see that I'm I'm okay with. Right? Like, you wanna just tell people get out and vote, but I am like, we got the Joe Donnelly, Mike Braun thing going on in Indiana. I am so sick and tired of the mail,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

of the phone calls, of the people knocking on my doors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

of the ads in between football games. Like, I just want it to end because they're all vicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

Nobody's talking about issues. That's what I think drives me the most nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

But Yep. All of this was a segue into a tweet that you got. Do you have the tweet handy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

Alright. It's not like a huge tree. It's just like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:36]

in response to our last podcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

Tom German or German. I'm not sure how this one pronounces their last name entirely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

I think it's German.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

Said, vote period. Write in people if a suitable candidate is not listed, but vote.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

And then we go into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

specific Iowa things that aren't really relevant to our discussion here. Okay. So I'm suspecting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

that that was in response to I I believe I we talked a little bit about, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

if if you don't know who is in a slot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

do you still vote for somebody or not? And I think I told you that if I don't I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

this was really more specifically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

to me saying, I don't know if I'm gonna vote or not. Oh, alright. Well, yeah, you should I will say right now. Right now, I am leaning towards it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

Whether I vote for anyone who wins is a different question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

Yeah. I wouldn't focus on whether or you vote for anybody who wins. I don't think that's like, part of doing your civic duty isn't about winning. Right? I think if doing your civic duty was about winning, we'd have even less voter turnout than we do today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

which, but I mean, you should definitely go. Why wouldn't you go? Telling me why this is a civic duty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

Well, how else do you participate in the process?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:50]

The process of electing corrupt politicians?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

Well, I mean, here's the thing. Right? I, like, go help out around my neighborhood or the district that I work in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

Do you do that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

The district, like your representative district?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:06]

No. Like the Nubo District. I try to stay as far away from politics as possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

Alright. So here's the thing. Like, e even if even if you don't want anything to do with politics, the fact of the matter is that it impacts you in some way, shape, or form. And that could be I have no doubt, and it's always negatively, Stan. Well It doesn't matter who's in office. So so people people can enact change. It doesn't usually happen at the federal level. Right? Like, there cares about us. But there I think there are important

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

things happening

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

at your municipal and county level

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

that you can provide feedback and input on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

that, you know, it will be heard. And maybe I'm maybe I'm too optimistic. Maybe I'm too hopeful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

but I feel like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

the times that I have addressed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

you know, my council person

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

other council people or or just, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

know, state government, that I've gotten a response.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

Sometimes it's not what I want. Sometimes I get an explanation of their position.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

I appreciate the engagement in the conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

And I contrast that with like with my current senators who every time I call their office, I get kind of the same song and dance. I I understand that's frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

But I think the minute that we start giving up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

then our system falls apart. You know what I mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:29]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

What's the worst that happens if that system falls apart, Stan? Hey, you've heard you've heard my take on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

It's it's cannibalism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

That's how it all falls apart, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

I don't know. Okay. I mean I think the fact of the matter is it comes down to I have a god who I fear, love, and trust in above all things that includes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

above the US government and what possibly could happen at the US government level,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

that would make life terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

Sure. Sure. But, you know, left and right kingdom stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

and you are know, you one of your many vocations is to be a citizen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

and you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

are I mean, I I think quite frankly, you're you're blowing that off. You're kinda,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

rejecting the gift of that vocation by You did hear me that right now. Was leaning towards voting right now. Right? I know. I I I As long as you go vote, we'll we'll check-in in another week. I will go I will go fill out the piece of paper that may or may not be counted and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

see what happens there. Do you really do a paper ballot where you're at? Yes. Yes. I do. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

Well, good luck with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

Remember, check the Chads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

Anyway,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

do you have something to bring me up from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

this political discussion now? I realize I started this a week ago, but Yeah. You totally did. You totally brought this in. In fact, we we are probably losing listeners over the last two weeks simply because you wanted to go down the politics road.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

I don't know. I so this will come out after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

elections are done and we can all rejoice that the ads are all over, but I I do I'll just my final pitch. Now I can go back talking about Marvel and milkshakes. There you go. There you go. And I have absolutely nothing to report on milkshakes this week, believe it or not. But I think it's important to vote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

I think there is a lot of value in the current campaigning to vote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

I I think that the only hope that we have to legitimately improve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

our broken system at the federal level is if people show up. You know, Indiana's got like something like 16%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

voter turnout,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

which is dismal. I mean, at 16%, we shouldn't be surprised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

that nothing is going the way that the majority wants because the majority is not showing up, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:47]

Alright. Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

No. They're not. They're not showing I just need I just need some hard data that me personally voting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:56]

on behalf of my household

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

means

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:59]

anything in the long run.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

It it's all about numbers. At the end of the day, it's all about numbers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

Speaking of households, that's a good transition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

You sent me a wacky picture that I posted on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

I Oh, yeah. I thought you were at work. I thought so you texted me on a Saturday, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

I thought you were at the office, and I was thinking to myself, like, why is John at work? You wanna explain what the picture was? We posted on the Facebook page for anybody that's interested in seeing it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

Yeah. So I just sent you a picture of basically a wall in my apartment with a whole bunch of sticky notes on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

Okay. You're gonna you have to get more detail. What do you call what do you call the way that, like, you're orienting them around a system. What is that system called?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

Right. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

in the picture I sent you, there were two colors. There are more colors now, and there were five

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

orange sticky notes that served as kinda headers for these columns on the wall. This takes up pretty much the whole wall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

So we had a backlog,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:59]

in progress,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:01]

blocked,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:01]

review, and done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:03]

And then on the blue sticky notes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

my wife and I sat down and everything that we could possibly think of that needed to happen before the move got put on a sticky note. Now some of those were really big things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

pack up the kitchen. Some of them were smaller things like cancel your current internet service provider for the apartment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

one other thing that we added there was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:30]

t shirt size for small, medium, large, extra large, extra extra large. Kinda gives us a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

quick glimpse of how big and how much effort the task will actually take. Anything above large

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

would need to be broken down into smaller tasks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

So like the kitchen pack plates and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

clean stove, stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

So this is how I am project managing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

making sure everything gets done before I move in two weeks. Okay. So in the software world, and and maybe if you've ever worked for Toyota, we call this a Kanban board. It's also very similar to a scrum board.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

But basically, each column, right, cards are to progress, and the end goal is to get everything from the left and get it all the way into the right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Correct? Correct. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

what cracked me up about this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

normal people make

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

lists,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

and this is a like an interactive list, Dan. It's an interactive list. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

I thought this was at work, and my first reaction to you was like, hey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

you you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

there's software that can do this for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

And your comment was classic because I again, I didn't know that you weren't at the office. I hadn't even been to read what they were, which is like, but then missus Colbire would be less likely to use it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

And so then it dawned on me what you were doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

And I I give you props, but I'm curious, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

why not just make a list in Wonderlist and share it? Like, what's Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

I mean, we could do, like, a couple different lists in that way, but the big thing here was to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

move things to done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

So you don't grab something else from the backlog until something has been moved to done. And this allows, especially my wife, to focus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

on a specific task.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

And we did, like, pretty much one hour sprints yesterday. I know. This is crazy. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

we would tell Alexa to set a timer for one hour, and then we would try to get down everything that we said we were gonna get done in that hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

And how did that work out for you? It actually worked really well. So you did I mean, it's kinda like little Pomodoros too probably. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

Right. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

Same sort of deal. What if I were to see your board now, how many things would be in the done column?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

I did count this before I walked over there. We're right around 20.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

So there are also more sticky notes in the backlog column because we broke down big tasks and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:04]

more things came up. So I was always get out of the backlog as they come to mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

I love it. I love it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

I I'm curious now. Is the backlog prioritized?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

Like, do you have are they sorted or are they just random? Because I couldn't tell from looking at this if there was any sort of So they were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

they were random when I,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

sent you that picture. They are more sorted now more by when they need to happen. Okay. So, like, some of the cleaning stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

is towards the bottom for when we have everything moved out and things of that nature. So as you were t shirt sizing, did you start to get a sense of we're gonna call them you you call them sprints. We're we'll stick with that terminology. How much you could fit into a sprint so that you would, like, almost groom out a sprint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

before you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

you know, went down this path?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

So I kinda had that in my mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

And, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

a medium task equals thirty minutes or so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:01]

So that's what I had in the back of my mind. I didn't go into that much detail when working with Anna. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

So I think I think you should take more pictures of your wall, and I you have a blog. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

I have a blog. Okay. I haven't posted recently. Yeah. I think this would be a really good blog post for you to talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

basically moving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

Kanban slash scrum

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

as a as a methodology for organizing your household

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

to get boxed up and go?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

Yeah. Because I got to the point where everything going on in my brain was just kinda building up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

and I didn't know what Anna could do or what she wanted to do. So this this has worked out really well so far. We'll see if it keeps up for the next two weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

Well, I I'm really intrigued to hear how this all plays out. I'm excited for you because you're moving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

I I am curious. Did you wind up deciding you're gonna do this yourself or pay somebody?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

I am going to pay someone. Oh, praise Jesus. That's, that's glorious news. And I'm sure And they will be moving me. Hopefully, I need to call them tomorrow. Hopefully, on the Monday of Thanksgiving week, which means, Stan, our listeners are gonna be disappointed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

I'm not gonna be able to spend a week with you recording

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

Life with this is Lemon episodes and segments.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

I think this is I think this is a good reason to not come to the Lemon Bunker and record and do milkshake interviews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

Well, you're still you're still gonna be going to Kentucky. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

Yes. Okay. So you'll still stop by at least?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

Yes. Okay. We'll get something recorded in person.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

I'm confident of it. I don't know. You have like a bunch of times set aside to play a game. It's like I'm hanging out with my in laws.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

Yeah. Well, I will see if they confirm like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

Hope hope you never know. That happen, but we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

It's been on the calendar for months. Yeah. We I think what were we doing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

You're because your, y'all stopped through, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

I think. I guess. Yeah. I think it was your in law's stop through, and we scheduled that out then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

Because I bought this game

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

Oh, is that when they were at Gen Con? That could have been. Secret Hitler is the name of Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

Because I played this game while I was in Atlanta for work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

and I loved it. But you need, like, you need more than two people to play it, and I think even more than four, actually. I think it's a it's like a big group game. So in my mind, it was going to be, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

your in laws, you two, us two, and maybe Lucy. Maybe Lucy could get into it, and then Evelyn would would probably play along with Sarah because it's impossible for us to play a a board game of any sort in this house

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

Evelyn playing too. It's just it's just not feasible to do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:53]

So She just doesn't wanna be left out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

Dude, she is a board game fiend. Like, I don't I don't even know where it came from, but she'll because we've got a bunch of board games in the house, and she'll just, like, carry one over to Sarah and be like, hey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

let's play this. And, you know, then my wife will sit down and play it with her. But it's not like it's not like, you know, Candy land. It's like, Potion Explosion, I think, is her favorite game right now, which you can look it up. It's it's like a legit board game. It's it's the real deal. It's a lot of fun too, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

she's all into that. And then Lucy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

you know, had her birthday just this past weekend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

and got an expansion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

for that game as a gift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

And I like, Lucy was excited, but everyone's like, oh, yes. I get to play with it. So that's just that's just what where she's at right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

Yeah. I guess, interesting problems to have with a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

four year old. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

I'm getting sold, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

Sold. I know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

I know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

So what's this I hear about you buying cryptocurrency?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

Yeah. Alright. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

our our beloved friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

Aaron Fanker, pastor Aaron Fanker, the of Meat Rubs by Fanker or Rubs by Fanker fame,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

has he's like, dude is uber into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

crypto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

And, you know, I I've I've always been intrigued. Right? Like, I've followed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

the the rates on an exchange, but I've never bought anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

And he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

he was trying so the what happened was, first of all, I've got this, like, to do list of things that when I've got spare time, I would look into. And one of them was I wanted to download this app Robinhood

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

and just kinda check out how it worked. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

And so Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

Robinhood, it's just like a it's a stock exchange

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

But it from just my cursory glance, of course, I played with it when the market was closed. I don't know how valuable this is. But my cursor glance is like it it looks pretty easy to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

use and get familiar with the the market and and just trading, but it also does crypto. So, you know, I, I put a dollar in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

because I could

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

just to, see what would happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

And then it's like, well, what do you wanna do? And I thought, well, I'll just, you know, buy a dollar's worth of Ethereum and watch it because I could. And then I got a free stock because I guess they they do that too. And so I think I think it was like the Chesapeake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

the Chesapeake Energy Company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

I think is what it's called.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

Yeah. That's that looks like Chesapeake Energy. So, you know, I was just experimenting and then I I mentioned this to Fanker. The Fanker noted that Robinhood apparently can't do crypto in all states, which this is news to me because I don't I don't step on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

Nice. He's like, hey, you know, if you do this Abra thing I sent you an invite for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

we'll each get 25 free of Bitcoin. I was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

okay. So I pulled it up, went through the motions. Next thing I know, I'm depositing $5.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

I should be we'll see, like, when all this all clears. I have some Bitcoin in addition to my Ethereum.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

And, yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

I'm I'm all in on crypto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

Not really, but but I get crypto now. So I I guess I could send you an Abra invite and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

you put $5 in, you get $25 of Bitcoin too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Ask me in a couple months. A couple months. You can't spare $5?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

I'm sure I could, but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

like, I have a feeling I learned better things that I could be putting $5 into. You might be the most disciplined person. Milkshake of use. Yeah. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

might be the most disciplined person I know, John. It's like, there's a $5 experiment hanging out there at the ether. Oh, I that was a fun. I didn't mean to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

Hanging out there in the and you like, nope. I'm good. I got this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:40]

So my wife stopped at the grocery store this evening, and I get emailed the grocery receipts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

And apparently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

there was, like you know, how they ask you, hey. Do you wanna donate to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

such and such thing at the register?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

And she didn't? I default I default say no to everything whenever somebody asks me about anything. Hey. Do you want the extended maintenance package? No. Hey. Do you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

stuff like that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

I get this receipt. And so I text her donating to random Hy Vee things. She says, how do you know that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:14]

Know where all my money goes. Oh, boy. And they caught me apparently, they caught her off guard because they said that they could round up to the next dollar. And she was like, sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

So so it was like the the difference. So it was like 75¢

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:28]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

whatever this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

thing was. You don't even know what cause I it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:34]

mean, I could pull up the receipt and see again, but it didn't stick with me. I'm getting I'm getting soft in my old age. Was coming front donation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

Oh, that's have no idea what that is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

Yeah. I'm I'm getting soft in my old age. I was coming out of the Kroger just a couple weeks back now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

and the the boy scouts were selling popcorn and I used to be a boy scout. I used to sell popcorn and so I get this soft spot even though it's not really that great a popcorn and it's Yeah. Usually pretty expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

But I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

the next thing I know, I'm buying like a $30 bag of caramel corn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

which is absurd.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Right? But, you know, suppose supposedly 75% of it actually goes to the Boy Scouts and stuff made me feel good. But I didn't I never used to do that. And now I'm I'm just like, yeah, whatever. Let's go for it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

you get there, John. So there's still hope.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

Yeah. You I mean, I donate to things. It's just strategic and planned. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

So let me ask you this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

Christmas time, you know, we we get into the month of December

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

and it's getting cold outside, Salvation Army is ringing outside of the Walmart. What do you do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

Avoid Walmart aloe costs in the month of December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

Alright. Well, there you go. There you have it, John Kolmeyer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

seen actually the Salvation Army now with credit card machines there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

which I'm all into. There you I I would do that because I I never have changed. I never carry cash. By

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:03]

the time I get to the door, I'm so angry with all the people and parking spots being taken that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

like, I have no Christmas cheer left in me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:12]

The the what? Like Fort Hart always used to call me Scrooge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

The forty five seconds Oh

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

my gosh. Man, I can't stand going shopping during

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

during December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

So what do you do? Do you mean, do you just do all the normally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

I do all of my Christmas shopping on Amazon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

Occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:31]

I'll go into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:32]

some, like, half price books or I'll stop at a coffee shop to pick people pick up some coffee for people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

But, yeah, 95%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

of my shopping is done online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

Alright. Well, you are why brick and mortar is dying, John. It's that simple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:50]

Hey. I support my local brick and mortar stores like the Popcorn Shop and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:55]

Dash Coffee Roasters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

You just don't do big box retail. That's that's the gist of it. Not during December, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

On that note,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

real quick iTunes podcast review check, what are we up to now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

We've got five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

Five written ones and last I've I've Five five glowing reviews, twelve five star ratings. That's crazy. That's beautiful. So the moral of this story is, we we love you, whoever you are listening to us right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

I think three of them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

are listening because of me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:30]

The one is kind of about both of us, but I'm gonna count that one as mine. And then I think the other two, including Sid Finch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

are your coworkers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

Who knows, man? Who knows? Life's an adventure. But here's the thing, we really appreciate all of those reviews on iTunes. Please keep doing it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

Five stars or or don't leave a review. If you if you've got a gripe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

take it to Reddit. We don't check it, but that's a great place to leave bad feedback.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

And thank you again for all of your all of your reviews. Feel free to reach out to us on Twitter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

Do we is there any way to email us on the website?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:06]

Not yet. I can set it up if you really want me to. No. Let's not do that. Let's see. It can go to both of us. Yeah. It's no. No. Email

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

is a happy place for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

So but Twitter and Facebook, it's what is it? Twitter.com/twistoflemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

twistoflemonpod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

Okay. And then Facebook is the same. Is the same. Yep. Twistoflemonpod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

which is also the website twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

And, so one last quick teaser. I'm not gonna go into too much detail, but I placed an order

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

for something that looks like our logo and is three inches by three inches and maybe sticky on the back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:43]

Maybe. Sticky notes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Not sticky notes. Not sticky notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

But I ordered something. We're gonna do something else. You gotta keep listening to the podcast if you wanna know what that something is. Hopefully, by this point, you realize cliffhanger ending. Yeah. There you go. You realize what I'm talking about, and and that excitement will get you to tune in again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

Oh. Alright. Talk to you next week. Yep. We'll see you, buddy.
