---
title: We're Probably Watching Endgame Right Now
episode: 42
date: '2019-04-25T13:27:29.000Z'
slug: were-probably-watching-endgame-right-now/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  John and Stan discuss their rankings of Marvel movies, with John ranking Thor
  Ragnarok higher than Stan's 7th place. They also debate various aspects of
  each movie, including the merits of Iron Man 2, Doctor Strange, and Spider-Man
  Homecoming. The conversation ultimately ends on a lighthearted note as they
  tease about watching Avengers: Endgame together.
keywords:
  - Thor Ragnarok
  - Marvel movies
  - ranking
  - Iron Man 2
  - Doctor Strange
  - Spider-Man Homecoming
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright. So, John, just to start off, I have a quick correction to make. I know this is becoming a bit of a of a trend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

The previous episode, I referred to the Good Friday festivities,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

and I mentioned the stripping of the altar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

I was corrected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

The stripping of the altar occurs at the end of the Maundy Thursday service.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

So mea culpa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

I misspoke.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

I think the intent was still correct. We have a listener who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

you really annoy and he is constantly yelling at the radio or whatever device he's listening on because you just talk and you're always wrong, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Are you talking about me or somebody like that you actually know exists? Somebody who told me this yesterday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:10]

So you can narrow it down if you know where I was yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

I don't know where you were at yesterday, but my guess is Sanchez. It sounds like a Daniel Sanchez thing. Yes. Especially when you're talking about Marvel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

and we neither of us remembered the name Endor for the planet that the Ewoks Yeah. That was So that was embarrassing. I I will I will own up to being very embarrassed when I listen to that. So yeah. Definitely lost some nerd cred. But you listeners continue to tune in each week and 20 of you have rated five stars on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

Are we up to 12 written reviews now? I think that sounds right. So are you telling me that Daniel no longer listens because we forgot the name Endor? No. He he is a regular listener. He just is always yelling at us because we don't know what we're talking about, but we never claimed that we did. So Yeah. That's I feel like I feel like the assumption that we do know what we're talking about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

is just like patently against the the spirit of this podcast. Let Daniel know though. I'll I'll, send you back next weekend with some stickers for him. Nice. So there you go. He said that he's been trying to leave a written review, but, like, he can't figure it out on all his Android devices or even the iPad. He said he wouldn't let him leave a written review.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

I gotta say, if my mom can do it, then it's a 100% user error

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

on Daniel Sanchez's end and my wife too. My wife is not technical. She'll be the first to tell you that, like, that is just not in her wheelhouse and and she pulled it off. Missus post it notes of love.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

Which we didn't talk about on air, did we? Post about it on Facebook but You should you should read the you should read it because it's funny if you read it rather than me reading my wife's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

podcast review. Do you have it up? I don't. I thought it was very sweet. Oh, I do have it up. Sweet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

Nothing sour here, exclamation point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:04]

by post it notes of love, 04/11/2019.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

The friendship the two hosts have is apparent in every episode. They geek out about many different things, but there is something here for every listener. I love that their dialogue is safe to listen to around kids because I'm always around kids. Seriously, this is a delightful podcast. Life just gave you lemons, so subscribe and turn turn up the volume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

So thank you, missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

I will leave a sticker someplace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

to surprise you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

You, listener, who haven't left a written review,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

iTunes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

Life With A Twist of Lemon, five stars, write a review. It can like, iTunes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

makes it to us to be a certain number of words.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

So I think it's gotta be, like, six words or something like that, but written reviews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

I'm not really sure, John, that we should be soliciting for written reviews after last week's episode though. I feel like As as long as they're five stars,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

then they can say whatever they want in the writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

Yeah. I just I feel like after last week, it's gonna be a tall order to get a five star review, John. I know. We didn't remember the name of Endor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

That's not what I'm referring to, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

What are you referring to, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

here's how I know you knew you messed up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

I got in my car

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

and I played the podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

and you started talking and I thought to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

what in the world? Surely surely this will go away, it'll fix itself. And then it just kept going.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

And I and I was driving down the expressway at this point, I thought

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

You were yelling at the radio Here's that coalmire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

I could not believe you recorded that whole episode on some crappy microphone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

Yeah. And you never once told me as I point at my Beats by Gray.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

But you didn't tell me, John, until you released it because you knew you knew I would have asked to rerecord it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

When do you think that I edit this podcast, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

I I don't know, John. I it's it's immaterial. I probably if you'd still told me, I would have still asked you to rerecord it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:12]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:13]

Well, this week, we're recording early again, and I'm traveling. So this will be recorded with plenty of time to rerecord

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

on Wednesday when I'm there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

Wednesday is gonna be a long night, John. I don't know if there is ample time to rerecord, but I do appreciate your optimism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

I still waiting for you to tell me, John long night. How apologetic you are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

for the crappy audio.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:38]

You know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

you can apologize for saying the wrong thing in all these episodes. I'm just doing this for fun and you know, they could hear my hear everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

I was saying and it was worth just as much as it is any other week which is not a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

Kill me, Smalls. You kill me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

Do we have a Patreon set up yet? I don't. I don't I don't even know what that is. Like, is that something that I should know? Like So it's like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

donation to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

people who aren't nonprofits where you can write it off as a tax deduction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

Wait. Wait. Wait. You can write off gifts to Patreon? You cannot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

That's what I'm saying. Did I say that right? Forget that. But they can give us money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

Buy a new microphone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

Can Who do you think is gonna give you money?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:28]

You, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

You. No. No, John. No. I'm gonna buy you a steak when you're in Indianapolis, and that's gonna be about the extent of it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:36]

That'd be a good steak though. Sorry. My audio is bad last week, listeners.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:41]

On the plus side, I think it's our least listened to episode so far, but that's kind of par for the course the week it comes out. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

That's kinda sad because I felt like the the content of last week's episode was actually pretty solid talking about investments and things of that sort. Yeah. We definitely should have put that investment discussion to a different episode because that episode got long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

we can we can rehash it in another thirty minute special.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

what else should I bring when I drive down to Indianapolis on Wednesday?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

Well, I expect you to bring some popcorn from that popcorn company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:19]

Do you have a favorite? Is the Pretoria

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

It does not matter what my favorite is. You should text missus Lemon and ask her because I take her class. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

It's far more important than whatever I would want. Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

Am I bringing my microphone? What's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

that? Am I bringing my microphone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

Yeah. We're gonna record an episode with Patrick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

Okay. And I guess Bork Borkert will be there. We could try recording him too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

Only to dial in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

I I think he's gonna be tired after watching the movie twice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

Alright. Am I bringing my bicycle?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

That's entirely up to you, John. I haven't even looked at the weather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

I did. It looked nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

I can tell you that I don't think missus Lemon will let you ride her bike anymore. So if you wanna ride, you should probably bring yours. Because I ruined it. Crashed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

You bent a couple things. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

But they're all fixed now. It's it's all good. It's all good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

mister Kolmeier, you have managed not to talk to me about baseball at all yet this season, and I find that slightly surprising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

it is not often that I get to gloat, and I I have a suspicion that by the end of the season, I will not be able to gloat anymore. But can can we give it up for the pirates? The Pittsburgh pirates leading the National League, not just the, NL Central, but the National League best record in in, our little league there. I thought you stopped paying attention, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

You told me at the beginning of the season, I think I asked you opening day if you're following the Pirates this year. You you asked if McCutcheon was back. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

you know, there's nothing like winning to draw in the haters. Right? Yeah. And when I'm sitting at twelve and seven, I it I like it feels a little good. I'll I'll watch some baseball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

I actually have not watched any baseball at all. I've watched more golf this year than baseball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

If if it's any consolation to you, you are at 500.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

You have three more losses we started out. Yeah. You have three more losses than the Pittsburgh Pirates, and you're short two wins. But that's okay. You're two and a half games behind. I'm not hating. I still love you. And it's still April.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

It is April. But John, I haven't felt this good in April in a really long time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

Well, I'm happy for you, Stan. Maybe I'll start watching baseball again or at least asking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:42]

that Amazon device that's in my living room if the Cubs won today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

There you go. You should do that. Now let me just look here. Friend of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

pastor George Borghardt is a diehard New York Metropolitan's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

fan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

and they sit today at eleven and ten.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

They are smack dab in the middle of the end of the East, right below Atlanta and Philly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

So there you go. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

baseball, John. It's baseball. I I could get into this. My grill is lit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

I, I've been out riding,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

although not not in the this weekend because it was raining, but I've been out riding. Baseball feels like it's just it's coming for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:23]

It seems like a good thing for us to watch sometime when I'm there for more than a couple days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

Well, we'll have the weekend while you're here. Right. Speaking of which, this is a great transition. So you are coming you will be here at the point at which this episode is released, which makes me wonder when are you gonna edit it? You're not gonna edit it while you're here, are you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

No. I'll edit it probably tomorrow before I leave. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

So if if your audio stinks, we will have an opportunity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

to rerecord.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

And you are leaving the day before this comes out on a Wednesday at what time, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:57]

Whenever I wake up and wanna head down, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

So what would you like to have for dinner? What what do you think about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

tomato soup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

and grilled cheese sandwiches?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

How are you gonna make the grilled cheese, Stan? I'm gonna make the grilled cheese in the oven, John. We could do that. We could get like a Facebook live and have live reaction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

Would anybody watch it? Probably not. Yeah. So why waste the time? But you're gonna be here Wednesday through like I suppose Sunday?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

I don't know. Should I stay till Sunday? Because we're gonna hit your church on Thursday morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

So That's true. I could come back Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

You just let me know what you determine. Alright. But the highlight of our visit so what what you'll get in Wednesday presumably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

early ish. Right? Yeah. We'll go pick up Patty at around 10:00 at night Right. From the airport.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

Thursday morning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

there's a festival of Saint Mark,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

at church. So we'll go to the divine service with Patty, and then we'll head over to the airport

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

where we will pick up the good right reverend George Borghart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

And then I think we probably need a snack or something. I haven't figured this out yet because our dinner reservation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

is what? It's 04:30? Four something. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

So that'll be at Saint Elmo's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

which if you're not familiar with, dear listener, that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Indianapolis's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

steakhouse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

And I'm hoping it'll live up to all, all the hype that I've given it. But from there, we go to Stan, are you buying those steaks or do I have to donate plasma?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

I wonder. There's gotta be a plasma place downstairs. That that'd be funny. So you know Borgert's not gonna listen. So if we leave just a little bit early, we could go to the plasma place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

That'd be great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

I don't even know you know what? It's it's kinda scary. I don't actually know what does a Saint Elmo steak cost. Have you looked this up? I did early on. I mean, it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

wasn't outrageously expensive,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

but it was a nice steakhouse expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

Yeah. Well, so on Yelp, it's got $3 signs. Doesn't Yelp go all the way up to 4? I think so. Okay. So so we're not like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

breaking the bank per se. One of the things that we will do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

without a doubt is we're gonna get,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

oh, yeah. This this isn't this isn't like gonna kill us. So a porterhouse is 59,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

a steak. A fillet, an eight ounce fillet looks to be 42.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

So, you know, it's not bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:30]

Like I said.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

what the one of the things that this place is known for is their shrimp cocktail sauce. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

it's it's just a big deal. So if I recall right, we can order shrimp for four. Like, there's four big jumbo shrimp with this cocktail sauce that has enough horseradish to like literally blow your ears off. So Nice. I I think we need to try that just because it's an Indianapolis thing. Now, have to remember that we're gonna be sitting in a movie theater seat for over six hours

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

after this dinner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

Yeah. So I do not intend to have any alcoholic beverages prior to the show. You keep saying that. Yeah. I just I'm telling you, man, I I know I know what's gonna happen. I'll have a beer with my buddies, and I will be out. I will be out like an hour into the movie, the first movie. And then what will I do? I've seen this,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

but there's a certain point where you get past that sleepiness stance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

Yeah. Yeah. I definitely I definitely am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

I I don't know what it is, man. I had a a fancy bottle of Italian wine last night that we got from this Lutheran High School auction,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

one one drink, and I was, like, drooling on myself asleep. Yeah. So it was yesterday was a long day though in my defense. But Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

Anyways So we're gonna record, at least that's my hope. We'll see how we all feel at 02:00 in the morning when we finally get home. I there's I have the suspicion that there'll be a Taco Bell run somewhere in there. It seems inevitable. That sounds that sounds reasonable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

Yeah. There's a Taco Bell close to the house too so they they can But work

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

we're going to see Avengers Endgame. I feel like we've been talking about this forever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

We do tend to have these themes where we talk about the same thing through multiple episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

Milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

Avengers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

buying a house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

It's it's like climactic thing. Right? Right. But I'm curious, have you been watching or paying attention to anything on the interwebs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

Unfortunately.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:29]

Boy. Only the official Marvel stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

Okay. But Have you you because there was a big spoiler leak apparently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

Big spoiler leak? I'd Yeah. So I watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

stupidly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

I watched the, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

promo scene.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

So they put out an actual scene from the movie, and I stupidly watched that and I regret it and I apologize. Just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

because I I didn't wanna know everything before I saw it. Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

they've said that there's a bunch of stuff that's misdirecting and all the trailers and everything leading up to this which is par for the course. So it might still be alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

But, yeah, I watched the recent TV spots and stuff like that too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

Marvel is notorious for actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

jacking with the scenes that they use in their trailers. Like, they they actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

alter CGI, do different CGI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

use scenes that won't make the cut, and and just completely mess with you, which I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

Which means no quantum realm, Stan. Who yeah. I don't know about that. I don't know about that. But I I've gone dark, so I'm not paying attention to anything. I'm completely off the grid. There was that spoiler

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

leak thing that went down. I didn't want anything to do with it, so I just put that out of sight, out of mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

I I'm going into this with only the the first two trailers or three trailers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

Whichever the last one that that we watched Captain Marvel's Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

Yeah. Which I'm excited for. Oh, here. They have not released Captain Marvel to iTunes to purchase. I was really hoping to be able to watch it one more time Mhmm. Before Endgame came out. Do you got, like, a dollar theater in Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

I'm sure we do, but, like, I I don't I don't really think about it now. Yeah. Well and plus, I like I'm gonna buy it. Right? So I just wanna buy it now and and be able to watch it. Disney, let Stan give you his money. Yeah. Please. Have you made it through all of the previous movies? Like, you all caught up at this point? I am not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

And there's no way I'm gonna make it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

So which ones have you not watched?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

So I watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

past Ultron.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

Did I stop there? Does Guardians come after Ultron?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

I believe the first Guardians does. Yes. Yeah. So I think that's where I stopped. So I've got like the whole phase three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

that I haven't rewatched,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

but I've seen most of those within the last year or so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

So I have successfully watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

every movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

in 2019.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

was just finishing up Black Panther the other day. That was I love that to last,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

as one of my favorites. Also, one of the closest to Endgame's release. I would entertain the possibility of watching or sorry. I meant Infinity Wars. I would entertain the possibility of watching Infinity Wars one more time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

when you are in town. So we'll have to just see about brushing that up. But I'm curious, having now watched all of phase one and all of phase two, you know, remember what phase three looked like, have you finally ordered the movies?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

I do not have an official ordering of the movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

Ironically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

I think I would put Infinity Wars first still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

even though I haven't seen that since it was in theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

So Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. You have not rewatched it at all since it was released in theaters? Yeah. I saw it twice in theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Oh my heavens. Okay. Well, we're definitely watching it. 20 times. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

have seen it probably no less than 10 times. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

that's their The first Iron Man, I think holds a spot in the top five for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Civil War. Go in your top five? Just focus on your top five. Yeah. Civil War.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

Probably the first Guardians of the Galaxy, I would put in the top five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

Okay. So you might be number five. So that's four. Yeah. You got four. So what's the what's the missing one? What would be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

I love Thor, but Thor doesn't make the top five as a movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

I don't know. I did not expect the top five to be so hard for you. So this was easy for me, and I'll even do them in order. Avengers Infinity Wars, Captain America Civil War, Iron Man one, Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

and Guardians of the Galaxy. Now you hated Avengers for a long time. Yeah. I did. I really disliked it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

so when I saw it in theaters, I, in particular, did not like it, because I felt like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

when you take a look at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

Iron Man one, and you take a look at Captain America, the first Avenger, and you take a look at the original Thor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

they do a lot of story development for the characters. Like, spend a lot of time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

you know, really making these characters into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

who they are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

And then Avengers is like action packed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

boom boom boom, very little

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

added to the characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

that bugged me. It bugged me for a long time. I had a hard time shaking it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

for the longest time, I didn't like it. Now that, you know, more has come out sometime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

I I like it better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:02]

I mean, that's got a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:04]

Loki's a good villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

Loki's a great villain. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

Probably part of the reason why I like Thor so much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

What about your bottom five?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

My bottom five. So here's the thing. I don't think that there is a bad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

Marvel movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:27]

I think the worst Marvel movie is better than a lot of other action movies that you're ever gonna see released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

I I would generally agree with you. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

to to quote the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

venerable Mike Tomlin, the standard is the standard. Right. So the standard has been set by Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

And there is a good Marvel movie and there is a bad Marvel movie, in So my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

for sure,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:54]

Hulk is down there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

Dean Oh, I don't even count that one. That's like yeah. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

that's deuter canonical as far as I'm concerned. The Edward Norton one is deuter canonical. Alright. Whatever you say. Guardians

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

of the Galaxy two just because the plot stunk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

Demigod with daddy issues.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

Yeah. It was bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

Probably Iron Man three even though Iron Man three has a lot of good content in it from movie standpoint. It's not great. But but Guardians of the Galaxy two has a lot of good content in it as well. Like, the first segment, the first, like, third of that movie is is one of the funniest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

Right? The the problem is the rest of it is so awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

For me, the thing that tipped me over on Guardians two was the, like, claymation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

history walk through museum thing on daddy's home planet. Like, I I that was so bad in my opinion. Yep. So I agree with you on both of these choices, by the way. Iron Man three, I think, is terrible. Iron Man three is actually my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

bottom. That's my, like, ultimate low. Guardians close number two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:10]

I'm supposed to come up with a bottom five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

Bottom five. Because we did the top five, so you get two down, you get three to go, John. I would love to put the first Captain America there, but you would probably kill me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:25]

It's so funny. It's a necessary evil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

I I love it. I think the character development is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

I love Except the character himself is lame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

See, there are two kinds of people in this world, John. There are those that love Captain America and those that hate them or hate him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

I clearly know camp you fall into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:49]

other bad movies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

Ant Man and the Wasp probably Call it. An everclear villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

Yeah. That was that one was terrible. I actually watched that again the other night with the kids and could not believe how bad it was. If it wasn't for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

how much I love the character and the cast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

I would say it was worse than Guardians two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

So how many is that? Is that three or four? That you got three down. You got Ant Man the Wasp, Guardians two, and Iron Man three. Come on. The next one is obvious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

Patrick's gonna roll over in his grave when we say this, but Ultron. Ultron is a terrible Ultron.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

yes, it's a bad movie, and I think that I would put in the bottom five as well. But again, there is no bad Marvel movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

So even Ultron had its shining moments.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

So Ultron

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

is necessary because of Wanda and Vision. Right? Yep. Without them and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

plus WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

Yeah. There you go. Wandavision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

The other thing that I would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

offer to you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

as redeeming about that movie is the development around Hawkeye.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

Right? Yeah. And I think that that's gonna be critical in Endgame just based upon what we've seen in the trailers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

But like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

it's it is an awful story. Like, you know, AI goes crazy, takes over the world, wants to blow it up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:10]

Yeah. But you get vision out of that too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

You do. But I I just don't know And then Infinity don't come up. Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

If you're Yeah. And that's Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

Potentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

it's at the end of that movie that Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

notes that somebody's been meddling with the Infinity Stones and now needs to leave. Right? Or he's gonna go in and search them. That is critical. It is critical to the story line.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

But I I just think, like, that movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

just does not stand on its own compared to the others. Right? Avengers one, it's it's got nothing on. You know, Civil War aka Avengers 2.5,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

it's got nothing on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

And it's not even in the same ballpark as Infinity War. So so to me, that's the clear number four. Now, the number five is hard for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

I'm curious,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

do you have a go to for what would be next?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

So five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

I can't count camped at America.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

If you want to, John, just you gotta defend it. I think that's the thing. Right? I just don't like the character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

Yeah. See, and I'm not sure that that's enough to knock it off. So alright. Let me ask you this. Do you like Winter Soldier?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

I did like Winter Soldier when I watched it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

Same character, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

No. Not same character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

Why do you say that? Because he's at war with his best friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

Well, okay. I think you get to see a darker side of him. Right? And you get to see some conflict. Which is very important going down the rest of the storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Right. Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

alright. I'll,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

Avengers is your number five. I would say Thor Dark World is mine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

Captain America. Avengers is pretty high up. The first Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Yeah. So Thor dark world is my number five for the bottom. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

That

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

that had hit or miss moments. It had really great moments.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:15]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

know Patrick doesn't like it at all. Did he rank that last?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

I think he did. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

I'll say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

I'm a big Natalie Portman fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

Yep. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

didn't care for the ether, like, taking over her. That's kinda Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

The evil elves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

like so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

I don't know. The the planets being in this perfect alignment also kinda weird. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

you know, I Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:46]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

Got too science fiction y for you. Hey, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

But we're dealing with an alien.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

I don't know what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

I don't know if that was it. I think it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

I I don't know. I just felt like the story was was thinner, like they were trying too hard. There is like, you do get the reality stone. Right? So that's important. It's super critical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

And you also get the collector scene after that one, which is also super important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

Now Is that where do you wanna see the bonus round? Shows up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

Yeah. Howard the duck. Most people don't even know who Howard the duck is. Do you think he's gonna make an appearance in Endgame?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

I think if he was gonna make an appearance, it would have been in Infinity Wars when they were at the collector's place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

So Yeah. Alright. But Alright. Bonus round. You wanna order the other the other 10 or 11 or whatever? No. Nine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

I need a list. Do you have a list up, Stan? Send it to me. I have you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

want you want my whole list? Because it's kind of a mess. Sure. So I will I'll blitz these. I have a hard time putting the remainder in order because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

it's just so challenging. Because what we're left with is a bunch of really great movies. Right? So I think my sixth overall is Thor Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

I think my seventh overall is blank excuse me, Black Panther.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

My eighth overall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

is Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

I like it Did that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

you mean

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

no. Black Panther was on. He said Ragnarok Twice. Black Panther Got it. Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

Then I'd go to Ant Man. And I really struggled with this, because I liked Ant Man a lot. I almost put Ant Man above Captain Marvel, but I I paused, because I thought Captain Marvel is really good. Captain Marvel is good. At this point, it becomes difficult for me. Would probably do Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

Iron Man two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

I would probably then do Captain America,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

Thor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Doctor Strange,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

Spider Man Homecoming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

That's probably the order I would do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

I think I've only seen Homecoming once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

So I can't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

rank that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

realistically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:50]

Thor would be much higher for me than it is for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

Well, yeah, you put it in your top five, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:59]

I don't think so. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

Now I'm gonna have to go back and listen what I put on top five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

You should've written I might have put Ragnarok on my top five. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. See, Ragnarok was six for me, so it was right on the cusp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

I like Thor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

Let's see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

like doctor Strange too,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

so that might be a little higher up than you have it. I think I like doctor Strange more than Ant Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

Really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

Winter Soldier was good when I watched it through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

Again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

not good enough to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:40]

maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

yeah. It's middling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

I understand why you had a hard time ranking these.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

Yeah. Because they're they're like a lot of these have really good footing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

especially compared to each other. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

And like Iron Man two is excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

Iron Man one and Iron Man two I'd like Iron Man two almost made my top five cut. I had a hard I really struggled with that middle middle path.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

Iron Man two, though, I think, not stand alone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

as well as Black Panther, Captain Marvel, Ant Man, Doctor Strange. Even Thor Ragnarok, I think, stands alone better than Iron Man two. Yeah. Spider Man Homecoming, I thought was a good movie, but it didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

like, wow me or blow me away. Awesome villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

I think the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

He's an excellent Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

Yeah. Yeah. He okay Peter Parker, but an excellent Spider Man. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

I I like that character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

I think it'll be interesting to see what this next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

installment of Spider Man is like, because I think that it will make or break that part of the franchise. Yeah. Doctor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

Strange is a weird one. Right? Like, it doesn't it feels so different. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

But, like, it's Benedict Cumberbatch. Right? Like, you gotta you gotta give it props just for that. That's the only reason I like that stupid Star Trek reboot that he was in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

The worst Star Trek movie of all time, except for the the Benedict Cumberbatch scenes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

But no, really, like, it's it's a good movie. Yeah. It's a great movie. Spot. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

it feels like some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

what season was it of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:21]

Agents of Shield?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

I have no idea. Like, three Liquid deep. What do you Like, where the inhuman is transported over it. It's kinda got some of that feel to it. Yeah. It's, like, it's this it's this portion of the cinematic universe that has less to do with Earth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

And Which is probably why you don't like Thor, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

I I like Thor. I just don't care for Thor Dark World. Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

Thor itself is hard for me to position.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

Yeah. It's I I like it. It's a great movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

It's it is a little formulaic, though. You gotta admit that. All of the first ones are, except maybe Iron Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

I I I don't know about Captain America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:04]

But Thor feels like it's I mean Nerdy kid with lots of drive gets superhuman powers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

Nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

John, I have a feeling that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

Endgame will either be my all time favorite or Or we're gonna be brokenhearted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

and we're gonna skip the second showing. Like We are not gonna skip the second showing because those tickets have already been paid for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

I don't I don't see that happening, but we'll we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:34]

Do they serve alcohol at the second theater?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

Because if it's bad, then he can drink.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

Yeah. You know, I I honestly don't know, John, because again, I'm going into the evening with a no alcohol policy so that I don't fall asleep in the movie because I'm an old man. Now Alright. On that note, I think Bored Kurt and I will drink.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

Think on that note, I will wait until you get here. And in the meantime, I will watch my Pittsburgh Pirates hopefully win another game and continue to lead the NL Central.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

We'll see you soon, John. We'll see you, Stan. Actually, we'll see you when this comes out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

Yep. Later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

Hey.

