---
title: Burdened with Glorious Podcast
episode: 139
date: 2021-06-15T15:06:49.000Z
slug: burdened-with-glorious-podcast/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses the first episode of Loki, a Marvel TV series, where
  they praise its engaging storyline, character development, and pacing. They
  also tease upcoming episodes, including a discussion on fast food rankings,
  which will delve into listeners' opinions on their favorite quick-service
  restaurants.
keywords:
  - Loki
  - Marvel TV
  - time travel
  - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
  - Bruce Willis
  - Fast Food Rankings
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Alright, John. I gotta ask. Did you get any feedback about the early release date?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

Just people commented that it came out on Tuesday, but it seemed neither positive nor negative,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

and downloads looked about the same.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Oh, interesting. Interesting. So I had a healthy dose of shock from certain individuals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

Joe Taylor seemed very confused, but he he told me he was going to listen to the episode on his drive back home

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

yesterday evening. So I don't know what that means. Maybe we're completely changing his lifestyle. One can only hope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

Lucy was confused, dazed and confused. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

but that's the extent of it. Mark took it better than I thought. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

So so the question is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

are you going to keep Tuesdays,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

or are you going to mix it up? Or what are you gonna do, John? So this episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

I guess we could release on a Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

The question is if we wanna change our recording schedule after that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Yeah. I well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

there's an extra nugget in that we are gonna talk about Loki today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Yep. And Loki comes out on Odin's Day. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

I didn't know that Wednesday was Odin's Day. I think pretty much that's what missus Lemon said. She said something like Wednesday is Odin's Day. Missus Lemon is far more cultured when it comes to Norse mythology than I am. Well, yeah. This this is probably true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

I really feel like yeah. Okay. In English, the name is derived from old English, Woden's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

and Middle English, Woden's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

Day of Woden, reflecting the religion practiced by the Anglo Saxons, the English equivalent to the Norse god Odin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

So there you go. Odin's day. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

I I think we'll have to decide if we're gonna continue to talk about Loki after today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

and then reassess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

you know, the whole recording schedule based on that. But this is not a Marvel podcast, though. Right. And either way, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

Tuesday nor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

Thursday are good release days if we're talking about a show that comes out on Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

Well, unless we recorded Wednesday after we watched and then you just worked all Turn around. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't I don't really like that idea. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

That's that's fair. That's fair. We could we could record on Wednesday and then release on Monday. Although, don't know. Do people listen to podcasts on Mondays?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

I don't know. Monday seems like not a good time for anything because people just go through and delete all emails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

Yeah. That's that's true. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

Alright. Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

Well You, listener. You listen. What day do you want us to release? I don't think podcasts really matter. Like, we could just post it whenever it's done. As long as the downloads stay constant at a whopping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

nine listeners, we'll be fine. Right? Alright. Sounds good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

Do we know who the nine people are? Can we name them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Mark? My mom my mom says that her phone has been downloading episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

It counts as a download. She doesn't have to listen for it to Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

Dear listener, tell your friends to subscribe and download. They don't actually have to listen. Like, well, that's fine. We just want our downloads to go up because it makes us feel better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

Does

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

missus Lemon still download the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

I I highly doubt it. I would be surprised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Alright. I mean, maybe. Who knows? I like, honestly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

so maybe this this I'm gonna reveal a lot about my marriage right here. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

Missus Lemon and I share so many things in life, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

we're pretty transparent about all things, and and we're on the same page for, you know, 99.9%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

of of things that go on in the Lemon household. And that Does she agree with you on these things?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

Like what I'm seeing right now or or the specific things that we're trying to What you're saying right now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

I I don't know, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

can do an on-site interview here in July and let me know what she says. You know, I've been thinking about that too. I'll let you finish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

so so that point 1% though is missus Lemon's cell phone which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

she has a completely different philosophy about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

notifications and bubbles and apps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

and it's best if I just treat it like a black box. So I don't know what goes on. Right? She may be she may be subscribed to the podcast in multiple apps for all I know. I I it's it's just it's a black box. Alright. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

So I'm coming to visit in July

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:59]

and I was wondering Wait. Wait. Wait. You you are? You told me I had to. He told me I was coming on the first and leaving on the sixth or whatever. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

Is that is that the right dates? Okay. I'll I'll take your word for it. I think that's right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

Yeah. You're coming in July. Right. So I'm wondering

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

Are we gonna, like listens to the podcast because she'll she'll know you're coming. Right. Are are we going to record, like, a backlog of episodes to air,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

or are we gonna try to get missus Goldmeier and missus Lemon on a podcast in person?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Oh, I haven't I don't know. I haven't even thought about that. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

I think the the question is you'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

you're coming in on Thursday, so you we'll have already done that episode Right. And you'll release that. Right. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

could record early and then not have an issue. We could record in person. We've had, I think, mixed results with that in the past. True. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:53]

But we never had our wives on, and I'm not convinced that they would actually be on the podcast anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Yeah. I don't know. I mean, missus Lemon might give it a whirl as long as you're the one interviewing. Like, I Alright. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

I don't know that Anna likes me enough to to reciprocate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

But, you know, let's not dwell on that, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

I guess we'll see. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

have we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

have a short week is what it amounts to of it's six days. Right? Yep. Of of meat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

and beer brewing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

Maybe some cycling. We'll see. I don't know. Oh, am I supposed to bring my bike too? Told me tennis rackets, but not bike. Bring bring your bike and Anna's bike. Anna doesn't have a bike. Well, sounds like a problem you have to fix between now and then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

No. I I don't know. We'll we'll do some stuff. Yeah. Tennis could be fun. You can completely embarrass me. And If we're gonna bike, I need to start getting out on my bike rather than the one time I've been out this year. Oh, no. No. You you you're setting expectations way too high.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

We're gonna go for a five mile ride up and down a path I've been wanting to go on. That's really what we need to count on. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:01]

Are there cruise along this route? No. Not that one. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

maybe all the way. Not the direction I was planning on going, John, but we can mix it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

The other thing is you should let missus Lemon ride your bike once and So she crashed. Once. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

And and go there. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

any follow-up from Apple stuff this week?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:27]

Spatial audio is awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

It's so funny. Tommy Dalbo, a listener to the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

friend from Pittsburgh, also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

somebody who works at at my company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

had is not a big fan. He he finds it very gimmicky. He said this, on Twitter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

on our internal Slack. Like, he's he's very opinionated about it. And I don't think I agree with Tommy, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

I am by no stretch of the imagination

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

an audiophile.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

my hearing isn't that good to begin with, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

I don't know. But it sounds better to me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

It sounds interesting. I've listened both with AirPods

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

on the HomePod

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:08]

and with the Beats.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

yeah. I mean, it all definitely sounds better than Spotify.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

So it's a question of, is that because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

of the Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

mastering,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:21]

or is it because of spatial audio or a mixture of both?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

Yeah. I mean, simultaneously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

lossless audio has been rolled out for a lot of things Right. As well. And so I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

it it's hard so I think the thing to remember, and this is maybe where I've where I've got a bit of a beef with those who don't like spatial audio or call it gimmicky is, some of the stuff is recorded with Dolby Atmos. Right? Like, an Atmos isn't a gimmick. Atmos is actually, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

a mixing technique and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

And I think spatial audio my understanding of spatial audio is taking Atmos and then leveraging these tiny speakers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

to give you a surround sound like experience in your headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

I think that's why I don't think it's gimmicky is because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

it's I don't like, I don't know. Maybe I just don't understand the technology, but I don't fundamentally think it's doing something different in my headphones than it would do on, you know, a 5.1 or 7.1 Dolby Atmos system in my house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

Just it's in my head, you know? Yep. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

I genuinely like it. I think what I've noticed is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

I hear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

parts of the music that these artists have spent time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

on that they can be really hard when you're just listening to regular old stereo in your headphones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

I'm I'm all in. Like, I I think it's great. Now, I have have been sitting here debating, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

should I buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

a newer set of Beats? Because your Beats don't support spatial audio, do they?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

They I don't know if it's full spatial audio or what, but it definitely does something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

Okay. I don't I would be shocked if it's full spatial audio. We should look and see what all supports spatial audio,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

because I thought it was just the AirPods Pro and the AirPods Pro Max, but I I I could be I could be wrong. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

I first experienced this watching a movie. Right? Yeah. I think I remember Right. You probably remember me telling you this, and it it blew my mind. So to have that in the music experience now is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

I I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

I worry that this ruins me. I have a nice set of speakers in my office,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

I don't really wanna listen to music out of it anymore. So that's what it is. But I don't know, man. It definitely it kinda gives it more of like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

a live

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:37]

sound.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

But Yeah. Without being Yeah. Over a crappy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

audio system or with a bunch of annoying drunk people standing around you. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

Yeah. All the audio is not flattened out. Right? I think that's really the coup de grace there. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

Good stuff. I will tell you that I've watched a number of sessions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

There is quite a bit of cool stuff coming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

most of it developer oriented, a whole bunch of stuff that was not covered in the keynote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

There's gonna be so so again, this stuff comes out in September,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

and some of these developers are gonna spend all summer working on new iterations of their apps to leverage these things, build new apps that leverage these things. But I really think come October, November, December, you're going to see a whole host of improvements

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

to the the software that you use on your devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

One that I think, was really overlooked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

that I'm excited about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

has to do with the ability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

to control the always on display for the Apple Watch. So so today, right, like, basically just core Apple functionality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

can can, like, I don't know what they call it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

get darker or dim. I think they call the feature luminescence or or lumi whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

Anyhow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

So you're gonna be able No. Yeah. Yeah. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

Tie the napkin around your neck, Shuri. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

so the the gist of it though is that you didn't you weren't able to present parts of your apps in the always on display

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

when it would dim. Right? And they're gonna actually allow you to do that and have pretty detailed control over that on your app. And so to me, this is like this is huge. Right? Because now when I've got on the always on display and I let my wrist down, it does this weird thing where it shows the time and then, like, everything is is grayed out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

There's gonna actually be, like, core constructs of an app that are there, and then they can also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

update

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

parts of their app in real time, you know, on the interval that that's always on display allows. So there's some, like, super powerful functionality that I'm really looking forward to see how watch developers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

exploit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

So Nice. Yeah. Because the watch has kind of been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

stale. I mean, like, the watch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

itself gets these updates, but, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:55]

apps on the watch have kind of been the same, just running on more powerful hardware since release.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Yeah. There's definitely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

there's definitely opportunity there. I I think, you know, what Apple did is that they got core functionality going, and then they decided, hey, we are going to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

focus on APIs that allow developers to do cool stuff. And I think that's still true. Right? I think just now, they're at the point where the things that they're going to allow developers to do, like with the Always On Display, is really kicking up a notch. So Cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

Good deal. Alright. You briefed for the main attraction?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:31]

Well, we have to talk about your five minutes of fame where you were featured in a TechCrunch article. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

Alright. So I was really excited about the screen time API,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

which I think I mentioned in the previous episode. This is this is going to allow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

app developers to integrate with screen time on all of the Apple devices. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

Apple has not allowed different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

screen management solutions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

on the primary basis of privacy. I think I believe them on that front.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

I think this API gives some credence to that argument. There was definitely a debate to be had like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

people they didn't want other people to to compete with them, but I think that this kinda maybe maybe mitigates that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

And and so I'm I'm a big screen time fan because I use it to control all of my kids' screen time, which every grown adult with children and devices should do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

the I I tweeted this this thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

that was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

you know, if if I had known with Screen Time that I would have to go individually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

into each dependent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

and select a setting, I might have had less kids. Right? So somebody please fix this using the Screen Time API kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

And, you know, I tweet stuff like this all the time. Nobody ever likes it or retweets it or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

I've used the WWC hashtag, so there's power in hashtags. Apparently, TechCrunch picked it up. They wrote an article about the Screamtime API and they embedded my tweet in it. They didn't really, like, call any attention to it. They just embedded it in there. Right. I don't I don't read tech French, though, so I didn't know about this. And I got a message from somebody at work. He's like, hey. This name looks familiar and linked me the article. I was like, holy smokes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

So that was that was kinda cool. Right? Like, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

Well, it looks like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

you didn't really gain any followers and you didn't really get any likes on that tweet. So I got I got two followers and I got a couple a couple, literally a couple of likes from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

people I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

Fun times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

But I'm sure I should look at the impression statistics. I bet a lot more people saw it. Oh, absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

Alright. So, You're Twitter famous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

You're for the main attraction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

Alright. So, dear listener, if you have not seen the Disney plus show Loki, the premiere episode And you can. And you care, we suggest you pause this episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

run over to your television,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

watch Loki, and then come back because we're gonna discuss it. And remember, dear listener, this is not a Marvel podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

So, Liz, if you're if you're out there and you're still listening, you can stop now if you want. It's alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

We will not monopolize the podcast for weeks on end covering just Marvel stuff, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

we're gonna do it today. So there you go. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

The third

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

official MCU TV show. I say official, but, like, I don't know how you don't include agent Carter in that. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

I I mean, it it's technically done by different production groups, different story groups,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

and they're apparently not can whatever. Like, this so we know we're in a different league with the Disney plus shows. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

hit this week this last week, I guess. Yep. Yep. And it wasn't a Friday show. It was released on Odin's Day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

Wednesday. I guess. I was really hoping that it tied into Black Widow somehow, but I guess we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

I mean, who knows? But I I mean, that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

I I wouldn't I'm gonna be really surprised if that happens. Yeah. I don't know. So so this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

show is a little different. Right? It picks off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

picks picks up picks up directly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

from a point in time in Endgame before the end of the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Right? So there's there's this during during Endgame, you got the time heist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

They go back to the scenes from the original Avengers movie where they're going to confiscate the Tesseract,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

unplanned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

the Hulk smashes into Tony Stark, the Tesseract slides across the floor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

and Loki leans over, picks it up, and zaps himself apparently to the desert in Mongolia, I think, is is Yeah. What it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Yeah. This episode is called Glorious Purpose, which is a reference to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

my favorite Loki line,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

which is I have been burdened with glorious purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

And and he he rattles off that line to some some folks in the desert. They don't understand English. He doesn't understand their language.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

And and then all of a sudden, out of nowhere appears the TVA. Right? And we don't know who the TVA is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

At this stage of the game, we don't see Lightning McQueen, is the other feature actor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

in in in this show. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

My kids are so confused. They're like, that sounds like Lightning McQueen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

It's like, well, that's because that's Owen Wilson. Yes. That is Lightning McQueen. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

I think so what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

we've talked a little bit in the past.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

Wow. I just triggered Siri somehow on my watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

I have edit that I have to edit that out, John. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

so we have talked a little bit in the past about how we are inching towards this multiverse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

concept in the MCU. Right? I believe the last time we had Patty, right, he talked about how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

you have this thing in the MCU where you introduce something that's kinda weird, right, and then it becomes normal Yep. Through through a couple iterations. And then you introduce something, you know, that's also weird again. And he gave the example of, like, space and magic or even even the Norse gods. Right? Yep. And and, you know, now, I don't think we think twice about Norse gods or space travel or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

magic. Right? In fact, the thing that's going to be weird about this movie is magic doesn't work in the TVA. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

Endgame introduced us to time travel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

Right? Yep. And this this show is about time travel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Now, you remember, dear listener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

time travel from from Endgame is not like the hot tub time machine. Right? It's not like Back to the Future. Right. It's not it's not even like Star Trek time travel. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

when you travel back in time and you mess up the timeline, you create

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

completely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:40]

distinct timelines. Right? You variant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

someone might say. Yeah. Right. Yep. Exactly. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

the TVA, right, is responsible for managing variance in the timeline. Basically, stopping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

the fracture of the timeline. And we get a little bit of a backstory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

which kinda reminded me of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

in Doctor Strange when they when we get the the actual explanation to the Infinity Stones. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

some super powerful being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

that is responsible for, I guess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

you know, preventing the multiverse from happening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

We I think we all know the multiverse is gonna happen. Right? Because Right. We there's just enough going on. We know we know it's gonna be a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

What what did you think of the explanation though, like, setup for the TV? Because this is all new and it's all very different. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

our listeners probably don't know, but I love all things time travel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

So I was all over this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:40]

I thought it was kinda weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:42]

that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

like, Loki grabbing the Tesseract

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

causes a variance,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:47]

but I guess it's just because we've seen the end of his story already.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Yeah. They kind of they kind of explain this. Right? He he's not supposed to pick up the Tesseract,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

and he's not supposed to escape.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

That's supposed to play out. And it's important, right, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

it it factors into Hela and and all that happens in Ragnarok,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

as well as,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

you know, the the second

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

Thor movie. There's just there's a whole bunch of stuff that's gonna happen where Loki is a main character, including

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

the beginning of Infinity Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Loki obviously doesn't know this. Loki is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:26]

understandably confused at this point in time. Yeah. Because this is still first Avengers movie Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

Right. Right. There's a whole bunch of stuff that that hasn't happened. And honestly, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

you know, up until the very last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

point in Infinity War, you you where you get a little bit of his remorse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

He's he's like a genuine bad guy through that whole movie. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

what's interesting about this, think we see a little bit more of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

his, like, nice side. I don't know how else to say it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

Is the I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

said that this was Kolmeyer approved,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:03]

but cautiously,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

because it seems like another instance

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

where Marvel is going to blur the lines between good and evil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

Yeah. Oh, definitely. I mean, Loki Loki has this he's, like, borderline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

antihero. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

So so he he, like, he's going to work towards some good things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

right, in in the course of his existence,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

but he's always in for himself. Right? And and I think one of the really neat things about this episode is there is some dialogue where Owen Wilson by the way, who knew that Owen Wilson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

could act seriously?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

There's some there's some dialogue with him. In fact, a really long piece of dialogue in that room. Thirteen minutes long.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:47]

Hey. You timed it? I looked. I was I must have been, like, eight minutes in. I'm like, this has been in the same room, and it's just dialogue between these two people for a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

At that point, I'm back at when it started and That's like 20% of the episode. Right? And so it's really great. I thought it was really great dialogue. I did too. It's exploring Loki. It's probing Loki. And you get some of Loki's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

sloganeering,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

and Owen Wilson's trying to break through it. Right? And he's got a goal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

I I don't think we is totally revealed in this. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:20]

I think it probably is at the end, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

I mean, maybe. Like, we know we know that he's gonna help Owen Wilson's character. Right? Right. But I don't know that I think there's more to it than that. I think Owen Wilson's character, first of all, seems pretty deep and complex. Yep. Right? He knows a lot about the TVA. And I I think you can contrast him to some of the other characters. Like the guy who processes the tesseract, who seems like a total idiot, doesn't even know what a fish is. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

so Owen Wilson's character has some depth there that we haven't yet gotten to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

We should back up. Owen Wilson's character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

is dealing with a different, like, time varying issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

He's he's trailing somebody who's causing problems in the And we don't know who it is. Yeah. We do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

Well, did you at at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

the point at which they show up while they're processing Loki, did you know who was causing problems?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

At the point where they're processing Loki? Yes. So I I knew

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:17]

when they showed the stained glass window

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

in the church.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

The stained glass window was red, like it was a red guy. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

But the the head was very the headpiece was very distinct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

Oh, this is so I did not I did not put this together. Wow. Okay. So you knew very early on I did. That Loki is the person actually causing trouble in the timeline. I had no idea. I'm I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

I was legitimately surprised by that at the end. I guess I shouldn't have, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

I'm sitting there thinking, like, this could be one of those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

devil like characters that we thought we were going to get in WandaVision, and we didn't. That was that was part of was thinking, like, Kang the Conqueror

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

who messes with time. Patty's gonna be sitting there shaking his head like, no. He's he's being saved for the multiverse of madness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

there's a whole bunch of, like, time oriented characters that that could have factored in, and maybe it was just a different spinner. I don't know. I also thought like maybe it's just a devil and they're playing off the devil, you know? Yeah. So that like opens up the whole dialogue a whole lot more because he's trying to understand

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

Loki's core so that he can go defeat this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:28]

mischievous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

Loki, this other one. Right. Using using Loki. Yep. But so during the processing scene, was one line that I thought really interesting where Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

first of all, acknowledges the time travel that happens in Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

And so he must have seen the two Tony Starks. Right? Like, he must have been able to ascertain that. And I I don't know that we actually knew that until that piece of dialogue. I mean, something happens because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

they leave him,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

and then, like, the Avengers show up again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

What do you mean? Like, when they're going back. So we have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

initial Avengers movie where they're there and they beat Loki.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

after that, we have this other set of Avengers that come back. That's that that's an Infinity War. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

No. Endgame? That's an endgame when they go back in time. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

Well, I I can't believe you asked me that. Dan Chas is screaming right now at I need to go back and watch everything. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

Alright. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

I guess what I'm saying is there's they were trying to keep the fact that they were time traveling a secret, right, as they went back. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

when they're in that lobby

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

dealing with the Tesseract and they're gonna go try and get it, Loki must get he must spot the other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

Tony Stark. I I don't think he would know who Ant Man is at that point. Ant Man jumps and, like, kicks the kicks the case over and all that. But I was surprised. There was more awareness there than I expected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

But the the important part in my mind is he asks, like, you know, what what are you gonna do about the Avengers? Because he wants to go back and kill them all. Right? What are gonna do about the Avengers? Because they're messing with the timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

And the judge advocate or whatever she is basically says, they did exactly what they were supposed to do. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Which it was like, oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

Cool. And I guess maybe we knew that because of Doctor Strange as well. Right. Right? Using the time stone. But there is something at odds then with what we learn later. Loki's struggling with the fact that things seem to be predetermined. Right? There's Yep. There's like a predetermined timeline. And we know that Doctor Strange evaluated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

you know, umpteen billion permutations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

of how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

Infinity War and Endgame would play out, and we know that there was just the one. Right? It is the whole finger thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

at Tony right before Tony dies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

I I thought that was interesting. I think we're gonna see this tension between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

predetermination

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

the role of choice or free will, however you wanna frame it. I'd be curious to see how philosophical they go with this. I think it would be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

easy for them to just, like, move past it. I think it would it's it's gonna be hard for them to go deep and and, like, really explore it, but that's kinda also what I expect them to do. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

It'll be interesting. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

Loki tries to escape. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

And and he decides not to at some point. He we get a whole I think it was kinda fun, the little chase scene with the time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

shifter device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

Know, Owen Wilson seems, like, chill about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

In the in the course of that, like, running around, one of the things that causes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

Loki to give pause is he opens up that drawer, you know, when he goes to grab the tesseract and there are a whole bunch of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

Infinity stones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

Yeah. Well, it looks like duplicates. Right. Exactly. And and he's like, oh, we get those all the time, you know? Yep. And you're thinking to yourself, what in the world?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

But I think for for Loki, right, this is the this is the point

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

at which he realizes that the powers behind the TVA

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

are so much bigger than anything he's encountered at this point. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

And I think that's a that's a clear, like, reset for us too to understand that, like, this is a new this is a new level of power within the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

I one of the questions that I have is, is the TVA

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

and and the the three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

what do we call like super lizards or whatever?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

Timekeepers? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

The timekeepers. But he he made some kind of lizard joke. Right? Because they looked a little funky. Yeah. Are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

beings actually good guys or not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

And and what what is are we gonna actually encounter them or not? And I I haven't looked into this, but in the judge advocate area, they have those,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

like, carvings in the walls.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

Right? And those remind me of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

the some of the faces that we see in Sakaar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

on the buildings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

in Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

And maybe maybe it's just the style of art. I don't know. But I I'd like I'd like to go back and cross reference that because I haven't haven't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

seen anybody talk about that yet. But Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

Alright. You said you tentatively

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

approve?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

Yep. I only lowdown. My only holdup is on the splurring of good and evil, which appears to be the way that Marvel's going.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

we'll see. But acting was phenomenal as we expected it to be. I think that so far, this was the most Marvel feeling

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

TV episode that we've gotten.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

I think that's fair. I think that's fair. Like, I didn't catch any of the experimentation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

with cinematography and things like that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

that I've noticed in the other episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

I guess the score is phenomenal. I I think the scoring in all of these TV shows have really been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

All of these TV shows. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

I I expected Tom Hiddleston's acting to be phenomenal because he's mean, the way he's presented Loki is just unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

honestly set the bar pretty low for Owen Wilson. I I like Owen Wilson. Don't get me wrong. Like, I can sit here and watch Shanghai Noon a 100 times and laugh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

you know, all the way through. And, you know, Lightning McQueen, Lightning McQueen. But I always felt like, there wasn't a lot of depth to what Owen Wilson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

does when he acts. Right? Like, he's the same kind of goofy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

character that's that's funny. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

The the kicker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

there is a seriousness and depth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

to his character that is just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

unexpected and really awesome. So I I Right. I think he met Hiddleston at his level and the dynamic between those two looks to be phenomenal. Yeah. I mean, you don't get thirty minutes of dialogue straight through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

if it doesn't play out well. It never makes it through editing. So Right. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Those guys those guys play played it well. And I know I thinking about this too. Like, there's there's some cool CGI that happens in that room when they're doing the dialogue,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

like the little pixelated video thing. But it's Yeah. Like the the throwback to the old, like, film projectors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:17]

Yeah. Yep. It's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

futuristic tech. So that was cool. Yeah. But it never takes center stage in their conversation. Like, it's never so the CGI is never so dominant to take away from the characters. And that that really, like, struck me that, you know, the the writer and director here are capitalizing on, one, the characters, but two, the depth of the acting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

And I again, I don't think we saw that with either of the other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

shows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

Right. Again, WandaVision had phenomenal acting. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

But I I don't think that you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

had a situation where you just let these actors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

do do their acting to the full, like, depth of it and and just really shine in in a dialogue like that. So very different. I think I think you're spot on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

This is the most Marvel y of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

the shows thus far. I I think the bar has been set pretty high here at episode one. So episode two's gonna be tough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Of the three shows that we've seen from Marvel and Disney plus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

this is the best episode one of the lot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

by a lot in my opinion. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

I definitely agree with that. With Falcon and the Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:30]

like, the first episode was good,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:34]

and then they just kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

went in different directions following that. Yeah. There was there was, like, a lack of continuity from episode to episode. And then with Loki fluff too, though. Right? Like Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

With Loki,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:49]

I don't feel like they tried to do too much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:53]

No. They It was backstory on the TVA.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:56]

Yep. And it was diving into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

these two main characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

whereas Falcon and Winter Soldier had elements in the episode that didn't even actually help the episode itself. Like, I'm thinking about the battle scene in the air. Yep. Right? Which went on forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

I there's not a scene like that in Loki. Like, this is not a this is not an episode that you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

can take a break to go to the bathroom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

during. Right? Like, you have to actually pause it because you will miss something of substance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

Right. If if if you don't. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

I don't know what do we got? Like, episodes of this thing? Six episodes? I I didn't even This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

is this has got me excited again about Marvel TV. I figured this is gonna be good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

I think the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

bar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

was high. I think it got higher with the last two shows. One, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

the last one wasn't great. And the and WandaVision ended up being fantastic. It just was it was a choppy flow through the series. So the question is, can can Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

remedy that choppiness?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

interestingly, kinda coming full circle here, we we find out Loki is the bad guy and Owen Wilson's basically gonna ask him to help catch himself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

from disrupting the timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

It seems like that's going to be what we're doing here for the remaining episodes. Right. I I think that could be cool. Right? It's it's got that what was that show, the time travel show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

with Bruce Willis?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:34]

Show with Bruce Willis? Not show. I'm sorry. Movie. It was a movie. Time travel movie. Daniel Sanchez knows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

Yeah. He's he's he's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

yelling at the television right now. I'm gonna look it up while you say something profound, John. Something profound,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

John. Yeah. Well, where I'm going with this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

movie or this show rather reminded me of the movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

and it's gonna kill me to to try and remember what the heck this this movie is. Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

Not Live For Your Die Hard, not Very Greenhouse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

Looper. Looper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

That's what it is. Thank you, John. Looper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

So because in Looper, he's basically I've not seen this. Face oh, really? Oh, it's such a great movie. It's such a some big names.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

It does. It does. It's it was a it was a phenomenal movie and it was one of those that caught me off guard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

in the way that it ended.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

I I guess I I hope I don't ruin this for you, but I think there is a chance that Loki could kinda follow the the sort of plotline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

exists between Joseph Gordon Levin and Bruce Willis in this movie. So you should go watch this. They'll be gonna, you know, talk about it, but it was fantastic. I I I thoroughly enjoyed it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

time travel is risky business.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

Some of the best movies, I think, of of our time, right, have have been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

time travel oriented.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

I'm hopeful. You know, we'll see. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

So I guess we will report back eventually, but not make this a Marvel podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

We won't make this a Marvel podcast. In fact, John, I think we can tease what the next episode will be about. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

I will have returned from my first RV trip, and we'll be able to talk about RV ing and whether or not the Levin family survived. But the other thing, and I think this is timely and relevant to to this, is we're gonna talk about ranking fast food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

Because you've you've found a graphic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

a very what I think is controversial and horribly wrong graphic about what the best fast food And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

so, dear listener, if you have opinions on fast food, tweet at John, me, the podcast, hit up, you know, the the email thing on the website that I think goes to John. I I truthfully don't know. Facebook, if if people still do that, you can you can hit up on Facebook. But let us know what your top fast food restaurants are in order. And that is a that is a really broad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

thing to say like fast food, rank fast food. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

I don't wanna I don't wanna qualify it any further than that. I think that'll be part of the fun of that episode. I've been gearing up for this. I've been doing some homework and research and and like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

passive discussion with my family, trying to get to the bottom of it. I was also thinking about We couldn't start with like fast food burgers or something. That was a little Oh, no. We're we're gonna boil the ocean. We're gonna boil the ocean. No. As like, as I was looking at this, was trying think, when was the last time I was at Long John Silver?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

Oh, wow. I think I think it was ten years ago. Yeah. I think it was ten years. I remember exactly where I was too. Was in Pittsburgh. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

anyhow, John, we'll deal with that next time. And, until then, my friend,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

have a have a great week. You too, Stan. Have fun on your trip. I hope you all survive. Me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:43]

too. Alright. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Go get your vaccine.
