---
title: Stay Hidrated
episode: 142
date: '2021-07-06T12:53:51.000Z'
slug: stay-hidrated/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

I, I wish that we could have started this episode before the FaceTime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

came on so that we could have gotten my reaction. Now granted, if we'd done that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

we would lose our clean rating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

I I am looking at baby faced coalmire right now. I know. I look fifteen years younger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

You you really do, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

You really do. So you've got you got a little bit of scruff I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

But the the long

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

wavy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

The COVID. Stringy at times beard. COVID beard is gone. The COVID beard is gone. Now you had a a fascinating COVID beard because your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

your beard was long. I mean, very long. Like, did you measure it? I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

What'd you say? Like a foot long? No. Not a foot. Eight inches maybe. Eight eight inches. Okay. Alright. Eight inches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

So it was it was let's say eight inches long, and it was it was just it wasn't very thick though. Right? It was pretty thick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

I the way you stroked it, it always looked like it was kinda thin. So, like, mine isn't curly. Like, yours grows out curly, so it looks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

thicker. Mine is all very straight hair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

it was there and now it's not and you shaved your head too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

Well, Did you do this that I've done before. Yourself?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

Yeah. I always cut my hair myself

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

and it takes care of the neckline because I can't see it, but that's it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

Well, now that I've like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

adapted to the I fact figure if you can go put whatever it is you put in your hair again, should go back to normal too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

Oh oh, because I'm I'm styling my hair. We're we're doing throwback Johnny. I get it. I get it. You should go back to the individual spikes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

No. No. Those days those days are long gone. I used to spend an incredible amount of time on my hair, which is really saying something considering that it's always been short. It's always been gelled. Have you put the earring back in? No. I'm not putting it in. There were two. There were two. Two earrings? Okay. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

One in each ear. Thank you very much. No. I'm not Lucy wants you to wear them, doesn't she?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

Everybody seems to want me to wear them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

I'm not putting my earrings back in, John. Alright. I should it's probably been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

I don't know, man. Maybe ten years since they've been? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

Yeah. It's been a while. Since So Since you had a kid?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

I No. There's pictures of you holding baby Lucy with earrings in, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

I'd have I'd have to look. I honestly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

honestly couldn't tell you. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

well, this this really took a turn. I did not anticipate That's good. Because we don't have anything on the list really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Well, not not a lot. But we should start with saying, first of all, we're recording this way early. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

A week early?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

I feel like it's way early. It is Tuesday. We just dropped an episode, and we're recording this to be released seven days from now. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

Because you didn't think that we could pull off recording in the same place, but we might try it anyway. Yeah. We might try it anyway. We'll see what happens. I mean but but the fact of the matter is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

at least

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

the plan, if all goes well, is that you will be here in a few days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

And so we won't be able to record at our normal time. Again, we might experiment with it, but we'll see. So you're down in Louisville. Currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

Your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

grand in laws, is that how you I don't know. What do you what do you call them? My wife's grandparents.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

Oh, that's so much more eloquent. Grandparents in laws?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

I'm I'm curious kinda just following the trend that we've been discussing lately about regional food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

What have you eaten in Louisville that is proper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

to Louisville?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

Am I am I even saying it right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

Yeah. I mean, you could say it like you have a bunch of marbles

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:24]

in your mouth, but I think most people get it. Louisville. Alright. Don't use it called Louisville. You should be alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

Louisville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

I would no. I could never do that. That's that's just silly. But but I used to say Louisville,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

I got some eye rolls. So I now I just say Louisville. Like Saint Louis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

Yeah. Saint Louis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

Louisville. Yeah. It's so confusing. Like, I wish the French French would just make up their mind on what to do with the s's. You know? So ironically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

I have not had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

Kentucky

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:56]

regional foods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

I did, however,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:59]

have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

a crawfish po'boy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

which was very good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

Okay. I don't think I would have thought to get a crawfish po'boy. Where did you score this? So the name of the place is Salinas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

and they have like a bunch of Cajun food on the list. And I know crawfish, it's not really crawfish season anymore, but it was fried crawfish on a po'boy. So Bold move. Bold move. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

help me out here. What is food regional food proper to Louisville? Bourbon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Bourbon Falls.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

The whole state of Kentucky has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

bourbon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

And they definitely don't eat horses here because horses are very, very valuable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

Yeah. They are. But they got fried chicken. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

In Louisville? I'm sure they have Kentucky fried chicken. But Yeah. Exactly. Know. Saying, like, is that is that Kentucky's thing, fried chicken? Like I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

Then why is it called Kentucky Fried Chicken? Because it probably started in Kentucky.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

I was just trying to think of colonel Sanders'

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:05]

gravesite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

Is that that's really a thing? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

Oh, well, I honestly thought he was still alive. He's still in the commercials. No. I think he died.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:16]

He died. Like, there's a gravesite. I but I think he's died within my lifetime. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

Alright. Well, you you clearly follow the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

KFC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

news

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

more than I do. But I guess. I I am really curious about this. I I I I gotta think that there's something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

you know, regional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

like a food that's regional to Kentucky and Louisville besides bourbon. Now granted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

bourbon is a glorious thing. Yes. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

When you think about, like, what states bring to the union,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

you know, you got you got Chicago

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:48]

brings the hot dog. Right? Yep. You got you got Michigan But brings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

you don't count. No. You don't. Michigan brings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

I don't know. What does Michigan bring, John? Happy people? Verners. Michigan brings Verners. There you go. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

Arizona brings the desert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

Then you got Kentucky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

that brings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

bourbon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

And bourbon is America's drink, you know? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

bourbon's fascinating because it has a very precise makeup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

So like if you go get gin, right, there's a whole huge spectrum of things that can be factored into gin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

But with bourbon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

first of all, it has to actually be made in Kentucky. Otherwise, it's not like real bourbon. Right? That it can't be labeled Kentucky bourbon. But Well yeah. Which and if it's not Kentucky bourbon, it's just whiskey that's that's like bourbon. Right? Yeah. But bourbon is a very precise it's it's literally a federally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

I don't wanna say regulated, but it like, there's a federal law that defines what bourbon is Yep. Which is different than scotch, which is different than vodka, which is different than whiskey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

and and that is the beauty of bourbon. It's America's drink. Yep. It's like America's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

champagne, where you can't call champagne things unless it comes from a certain region.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

That's a great analogy, John. That's a great analogy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

In addition to all of this, like bourbon is actually very good, and I think because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

there are precise boundaries around it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

it's it's actually I think it's actually challenging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

to find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

bad bourbon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

I think it's That's right. It's easy to find mediocre bourbon, but it's it's challenging to find bad bourbon. I think that's the beauty of it. It's like if I go into a restaurant or a bar, which I can do now because I'm vaccinated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

I can sit down and order a bourbon, and I have expectations. Right? And those expectations are not going to be completely shattered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

by some crappy bottle. You know, it's not like, you order scotch and they serve you a Dewar's, like, knows? I mean, you Right. That that just a recipe for disaster. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

So tell me what bourbon you've had while you've been in Kentucky. None.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

I haven't had any Ask me what? I told you I haven't had any Kentucky regional foods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

I believe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

that there's always a bottle of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:01]

oh what is it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

Why am I blanking?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:07]

Really left an impression on you, didn't it, John? No. I I know what it is. It's the one with like the paper label that's on it and It has a paper label. Like an actual paper label, not a sticker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

Oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

It'll come to you. It'll come to you. Yeah. So so are you gonna have a drink tonight with dinner or what's the plan? Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

Well, I look forward to a full bourbon report. Marcus could be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

at the radio, like, how do you not know this? I should go bullying a danchez right now. Go check the liquor cabinet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

you and I have done portions of the bourbon trail together. Yeah. We've enjoyed Where did we go? We went to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

Bulleit before they were in their permanent location.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

We went to Well, I I thought that where we went was Basil Head. Wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

Basil Head. And that's what you have there. Yes. You've not been to Basil Head. We have not. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

Bulleit, I think they have like their own new facility now that they moved into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

Okay. Alright. Well, I mean, that would be good. I I think their tour was a little lackluster, truth be told. Compared to Woodford, but compared to Evan Williams, it was excellent. Oh, yeah. Evan Williams was was a hokey tour. Like, it was If you don't like bourbon and you want a big tourist

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

experience, I think it was also the most expensive one. So It could have been. Yeah. I think we did a Jack Daniel's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

tasting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

Jack Daniel's tour. Did you really just say Jack Daniel's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

That's what I said, is it? Jim Bean. I'm oh my gosh. Tennessee Wixie. We I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:39]

mean, I do it, but not burp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:42]

Alright. Jim Bean.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

We did. And that that actually that was a good deal in terms of, like, dollar to alcohol ratio. It was. But it wasn't distillery tour if you go to the Downtown Louisville location.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

If you're looking for the all in experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

then you should probably go to Woodford, which I have not been to, but I've heard that's pretty much the best one there is. Yeah. I've heard good things about Buffalo Trace, and that's another place that I would like to go someday, which is over in that Woodford area if I recall. So so someday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

maybe missus Kolmeyer and missus Lemon, you and I can all go and do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:17]

Buffalo Trace and Woodford Reserve. You'll have to talk missus Colmire into it because whenever I try to bring up going to one of the places here in Louisville, she doesn't wanna go with me. Although She doesn't like bourbon? She does not like bourbon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

K. Although, I think she had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

a hot toddy made by missus Lemon, and she liked that alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

Did that have bourbon? Usually, missus Lemon uses whiskey for that. I don't remember.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:41]

Maybe it was Maker's Mark?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

It could be. So I was just saying Maker's Mark is kind of like the gateway drug to bourbon, or excuse me, the gateway drink to bourbon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

Gateway drink.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

In that, it tends to be a little sweeter and a little easier on the mouth, and so a lot of times people will like Maker's Mark and learn to like bourbon through it, which is that honestly, that's how I learned to like bourbon. Sure. Bourbon was not my go to. I came up in the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

post 21 scene. I don't even know what that what I'm saying here, liking tequila,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

which now I don't really have a palate for, oddly enough. At all? Maybe we should do some tequila tasting or make some tequila cocktails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:22]

I was gonna say cocktails, I I like tequila cocktails. But doing shots of tequila or even just sipping tequila, I I used to like and I I don't There's not a lot to it. I mean, like, if you go into, like, the mezcal route, you can get some more interesting flavors, but, like, just all tequila kinda tastes the same.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

I I wouldn't go that far. But All But I I understood you. 100% silver agave

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

tequila tastes the same.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

There there we go. There we go. Else you probably shouldn't be drinking. All you kids with your Jose Cuervo bottles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

Now when you're here, are we gonna do some cocktails? Is that part of the plan? I hope so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

So I have ordered ginger beer. K.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

Why do I need other stuff? Do you need do you have sweet vermouth? That's like a staple you should always have. Oh, I don't know that I have sweet vermouth. I will look and see if I have sweet vermouth. Really, you should be texting me these things, and I will Worst case scenario, we go out and we buy supplies we need. We just But actually think of it before the fourth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

That actually might be the best thing to do in general because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:27]

I Then we can decide what we actually wanna make, and then you won't buy a bunch of stuff we don't use. If you have a ginger beer, then we can make all sorts of different variations of meals,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

what else? Dark and stormy? Dark and stormy. Yeah. Yeah. So we've got options. I know missus Lemon loves ginger beer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

and so ginger beer has no alcohol in it. Did you know that? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

It's like kinda sad. Yep. There needs to be a spiked version of ginger beer. I think there is. I think the people who do like the not your father's root beer or whatever make a spiked version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Oh, see. Now we're talking. Now we're talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

alright. Well, you're gonna be here in a little bit. We're gonna have a good time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:12]

I mean, by the time this airs, I'm gonna be leaving. But, know, our listeners Well, have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

listen. This is this is the John's coming to town episode. That's what it is. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

We have big plans that involve fireworks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

We have big plans that involve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

meat, smoked meat. We're do brisket, a pork shoulder, and a pork shoulder roast. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:37]

Hopefully, some sides that are respectable. And apparently, this is like a whole cul de sac event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

It's just my next door neighbor. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

Yeah. Should we do a should we do a live recording outside,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

like, of July picnic style?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

don't I don't know. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:56]

So you aren't just doing that because the celebrity will be in the neighborhood?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

Let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

let's go with that. Let's go with that. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:06]

We could have joke too. We could have talk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Yeah. We we could. I think he would be chomping at the bit to be on the podcast. But I the whole idea of trying to record,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

like, on the ground

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

makes me uncomfortable. Right? Because you know how much I I consternate over the audio Right. And and and just outside with the wind and who knows what else. I'm hoping it's a little cooler when you're here right now though, because, Jonah, it's 91 degrees and it's hot. Yep. It's about the same here in Louisville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

Yeah. It's it's warm. But alright. Let's let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

jump to our agenda. We you only put two things on the agenda. I don't even know what to make of this. Well, they were things that came up, and it wasn't all that long ago that we recorded. So, you know. Yeah. We don't even have there's not even a Loki episode to talk about. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

Alright. So the first you were done LG Ultra Fine. I'm assuming this has to do Because LG

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:59]

tweeted at you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

They did. It's so weird. I tweeted that like months ago. Right. I've had this monitor for a long time. Fact, we talked about this monitor on the podcast. So we talked about one that you returned. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

We did. But I'm I was pretty sure I talked about the one that I got. So I bought an LG UltraFine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

four k monitor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

and I had this weird

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

to plug it into my Mac.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

Is all because you won't create a man cave in your basement. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

I mean, wood wood is really expensive. I got I'm I'm not gonna spend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

money to frame out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

And there's there's more nuance to this. Right? I have my space. I've got my office. And in my office, have my Mac Pro for work. I have my laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

and I have my Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

And what I wanted was an improved picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

on my Xbox,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

an improved picture on my Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

and to be able to switch between the two without having a colossal headache.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

And I think I found it. The LG picture is pretty good. It's not I actually have it sitting right next to a five k 27 inch iMac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

which also uses

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

an LG panel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

look

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

like very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

very similar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

So the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

the five k one is brighter, and it has more pixel density, but we're at a point on this where your eyeball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

unless you've got really great eyes, is not gonna notice as much. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

And the price tag was, like, $350,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

$300, something like that. Like, it wasn't outrageous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

I think this is the monitor that I would recommend for a Mac owner. And the fact of the matter is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

if you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

get this for gaming it actually is pretty good. Like, the image is noticeably improved on my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

Xbox when I'm playing from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

from the previous monitor I had, which was the Dell. Right? And the Dell was never gonna be a great gaming monitor. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

But the thing that really struck me is that it was orders of magnitude better than the Asus that I got. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

for both gaming I mean, it was it was actually better for gaming, but orders of magnitude better when plugged into my Mac, because the Asus would wash out the blues and the whites. Now, one thing that I thought was interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

Mac OS has the ability to use HDR for monitors, and I do not like the look of Mac OS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

with HDR.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

And I'm not sure what the deal is, but I've tried both my laptop and this iMac, but but plugging it in, and I'd I'd really don't like the HDR support, which I would have expected it to be you know, they they say about HDR, right, is that, like, images should look predictable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

So they should there should be some consistency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

with an HDR image across HDR supported panels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

And and I will say they both consistently stunk. Like, the the both Macs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

put up a crap crappy picture, but flipping off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

HDR was was the way to go. So Weird. All this to say, John, this is this is my recommendation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

What's the price point? Was this like 600, $700?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

No. No. No. It was about $350. I'm gonna pull it up. I'm pull it up, and I will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

I'll rattle to you a current price.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

I've actually considered buying a second one of these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

and expanding my monitor situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

but I don't know that it'll come to that. Build your own TIE fighter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

Yeah. Something like that. So I'm sorry. This is $450

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

right now. I don't I spent $450.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

I spent 400. So it's gone up a little bit. Everything's gotten more expensive. Nobody should be surprised. Yep. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:40]

So All good. And apparently, did did LG ever respond if they wanted you to write a long form

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

blog post review?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

No. They didn't. I'm I mean, their their social media presence is clearly delayed, but they were asking about using my tweet. Right? Yep. And so the upcoming marketing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:58]

customer review.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

Sound sounds like probably on a page on their site or something. I I don't know, man. Like Got it. You know, what are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

alright. And then, we both got gadgets, and this is such an unusual occurrence.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:13]

Especially since I was kind of opposed to this gadget initially. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

were. I think I I'm trying to remember. How was the sequence of events? Did I I sent you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

this product, and you said, oh, missus Kolmeier has one. And I was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

what the what? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

And then a few days later, you had one too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

So set this up, John. So missus Kolmeier actually got one as a gift from one of her students

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:40]

last year because, like, her big thing is drinking water like everyone's big thing should be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:47]

You haven't actually told us what it is. Oh, yeah. Hydrate Spark. Hers the initial one was the Hydrate Spark three or whatever, the plastic version.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

But it basically will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

track your water consumption in an app. So with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

spark three, it does it with an actual sensor that goes into the middle of the bottle. And with the one that we got, the hydrate spark steel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:13]

it kinda the sensors at the bottom and weighs it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

Yeah. The it it's the whole, like, I don't know. Would you say an inch and a half of the base? Yeah. And it unscrews that so you can charge it. And supposedly, last eight days, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

am looking forward to what happens when it doesn't have a charge. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

I so here's the thing. Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

I tell you how I found out about this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

So you were looking into an easier way to get your water into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

Apple Health.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

I yeah. And I've been I I've been kinda put under this by the maker of the app called FoodNoms,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

f o o d n o m s. So the developer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

food food first of Food Noms is a fantastic food tracking app. Like, I'm a I'm a huge fan of this app. Highly recommend it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

I'm trying to blank on his name. It'll it'll come to me here in a bit. But he tweeted about getting one of these and trying it out, and I was like, you know what? That could be kinda cool because I always have a cup or a water bottle nearby.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

What would it be like if I recorded you know, we're talking about this a few episodes back in the health app to get that full like level of detail. One thing I did notice is food noms, like if I log water,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

it will log my fluids back into health. So that was cool, but but I really, you know, I I thought this would take it to the next level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

Ryan Ashcraft, that's what I'm thinking of, maker of food dumps. So Ryan Ashcraft had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

a post about this. So I've got it, and I've been trying it out, and it's it's interesting because it's got a like, the bottom glows, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

do you I mean, I don't know. It's so hokey, man. I was at I was at a meeting today, and I was taking a drink, and it started lighting up pink.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:56]

You know, you can change the color. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

Well, you gotta so but you gotta pay for the studio. There's, like, eight colors that you can choose from without paying for the studio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

Are you kidding me? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

So I think it always will glow blue when you fill it, but then you can set, the reminder one. I changed mine to orange and reddish. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

Okay. Well, I'm gonna I'm have to do this because pink is not really my color. Yep. So But yeah. So missus Kullmeyer ended up buying me one of these during prime day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

because they were on sale because normally they're what? Like, $60.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

So they were on sale, and she had a bunch of gift cards. So she bought both her and myself

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

the hydrate spark steel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

then it definitely is more consistent about tracking my water consumption than I was when I was trying to add it manually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

yeah. I'm just looking at this right now, John. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

you're behind on your goal, buddy. I am. Yeah. You're you're you're supposed to be at, I would imagine, three quarters of the way. So at the So let's see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:04]

No. Actually, a little less than three quarters. What's your what's your what's your total for the day goal? Today, my total for the day is there. It just updated a little bit. I'm not as far behind. My goal for today is 89 ounces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

Okay. What is that in milliliters? Because I'm my goal for today is 2,594

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

milliliters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

Why don't you change this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

I have no idea. I I I changed it to milliliters. I don't understand why why why do you operate on an antiquated measurement system?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

Because when I go buy a 20 ounce bottle of bottled water, then it's still in ounces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

I I don't even know I would I would look at the milliliters. Yeah. I don't know either. This is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

oh, we've just made a hot mess of this. So okay. Bottom line though, what what I thought was kind of fascinating and maybe honestly a little weird and creepy is the fact that there's a social element to this. So you and I have friended each other on the hydrate app. That's hydrate, h I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

d r a y a t e. Excuse me. There is no y.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

I have two thirds of a bottle to go. I'm on a two day streak, and I have reached 87% of my goal. That data is cool. The fact that I can see your creepy little face smoking a pipe on my ring Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

To know your water bottle progress, little weird. I imagine you see a lemon. I see a lemon, and I see missus Kollmeyer's beautiful face.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

Oh, look at you. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

So, John, was this worth it? I think that's really the question that I have for you. So I think it probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:32]

wasn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

worth it entirely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

but it's cool. The app could definitely use some polish,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

it's cool and I've definitely has made me drink more water. So if that's something that you're trying to do, then you should do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:51]

This will send you push notifications and again though the the The notifications are the best part of the app because they're hilarious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

They they do there's a bit of trolling that goes goes on. Right? So I enjoyed the one that was like, you're not a camel. Take a drink. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

I was looking at this through the lens of how it would compare to a normal water bottle. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

previous to this, bought a Contigo auto seal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

for about 20 some bucks. I imagine this is more expensive now because everything's more expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

We bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

we bought the hydrate steel. They do have the non steel version,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

which which is another route. And I think if you look at just the steel version, right, so I I got mine for about $60. You said you got yours on a Prime Day special. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

I this wasn't like outrageously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

more expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

I think it comes down to, are you interested in tracking or not? Right? Yep. You can definitely find

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

cheaper water bottles. I will say that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

I really like the water bottle. I got the chug lid. You got both the chug and the straw lids ordering directly from Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

Yeah. So it's solid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

It accounts for ice when you're tracking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

So I actually really enjoyed the water bottle itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

Well, look at you. I think it does a pretty decent job of insulating. I it is no YETI. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

I really liked my YETI and the way that my YETI insulated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

I I envision using this. I will say I the the bottom is squishy, and I feel like it rocks when I set set it down. Do you get that? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

That I'm not a big fan of that aspect of it. I I've like a couple times, I've I've filled it and it was it was like rocking as I set it down and I was like, you know, I And do you see why that is? So like the battery that you could have to take out to charge it, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

sticks out more than the actual base of the water bottle. So you to this. It's just to me this seems like a bad design on the bottom there. Yeah. You know? Like if you were gonna design this, I would have had that thing go all the way in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

so that you had a firm not squishy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

base. And and I don't know, maybe this is advice for hydrate like redesign

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

this bottle just if you push that in, I don't know, two centimeters?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:09]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

They probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

21 ounces. There you go. We got both ounces and milliliters on the outside stand. So 21 ounces is 620

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

milliliters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

And now now you can start to think of the metric system, John, the way that God intended us to measure things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:27]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

I have not tried the straw yet. Does missus Kolmeier use the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

she's got all the we only have the chug lids, so we've never tried the straw.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

Yeah. I I will have to try it. I I haven't haven't done that. I'm not opposed to straw, although

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

honestly, this this chug lid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

is I'm pretty pleased with. Mhmm. So, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

The lock, I find the lock annoying. I don't know. Do you find yourselves locking the lids? Or do you find yourself locking the lid accidentally?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

It took me a little bit to figure out initially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:03]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

but, yeah, I don't really understand the lock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

I guess if you're throwing it in a bag or something so it doesn't Yeah. That that's the idea, like, that way something doesn't bump it and pop out. I don't know how realistic that is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

and I have not looked at the straw to see if there's a similar locking mechanism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

I just don't I just don't care for the lock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

I think the problem that I have is that the lock is built into the button that you push. Mhmm. And really, these need to be separate mechanics. Right? So what I would expect is maybe something on the back or the side that I would like slide,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Because nine times out 10, what I'm doing is when I go to to seal it because that's the other thing. If you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

if you open it up, right

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

let me see if I can do that. Alright. So it's got a nice click. Yep. If you open it up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

it it shoots out, but when you go to close it, listen to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

Right? It's got a loud snap. Yep. And you can avoid that loud snap by pushing it in as you close it, which is really helpful if you're in a meeting, because you don't wanna just be like sitting there and then, you know, like that. Right? You're very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

kind to people, Stan. Well, I do what I can. So so the problem is that when I push that button and I go to close it Yeah. Invariably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

if you're if you're above the ridge, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

which technically you should be, but like your finger slides. Right? Yep. So so then what happens is I I lock it, and and and I'm not I'm just not a fan of that. So I would really like the locking mechanism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

move somewhere else. I have this little carabiner. It's not even a carabiner. It's a loop. It's a loop where you could insert a carabiner maybe? I guess, but like Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

it's It seems a little small, doesn't it? It's small if you're using it with your finger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

And and here's the thing that really bugs me about it. You can't so it it's got this thing on the end that looks like a button.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

I have not been able to get it to separate. I don't think you're supposed to separate it, because I noticed that the base underneath the button area and first of all, you can't see this, but the ends of this strap

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

are not lined up. Right? So they're not even the same same cut length, and it it, like, aesthetically makes my eyes bleed. So you get a button that doesn't unbutton. Yeah. Mine doesn't look like that at all. Good gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

Yeah. We should got the button that doesn't button. And it looks like the strap is also sewed underneath It is. It is. So okay. If you're gonna sew it shut, why have the button? Right. Right? And if you have the button, why make the button not able to separate? You know? And not to mention, this whole thing is just too small. Right? Like, again, yeah, you could put a carabiner in there. But the thing about putting it in there, like a carabiner in there right now, is you have that flap that the button sits on, and that's gonna be bumping against that carabiner the whole time making noise. So I I just think, like, it's a cool product in terms of the technology. Right? You that you're going to to track your water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

But when it came down to the actual design of the water bottle, apart from the insulatory value of the actual cylinder, and maybe I mean, like you said, the mouthpiece

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

itself was fine. I I like the overall, except for your lock thing that you pointed out. I like the whole lid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

You you like the you like the loop too? Not the loop. The loop pointless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

I might actually cut it off. So So you like you like everything about the lid except for the loop and the lock, which I agree with. Yeah. I don't totally understand the slant. That's the other thing. I get I like, you could've just made this even. I think. Well, I mean, if if you call it design, like, just because you put an angle design. In it. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

saved money if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

the angle It's because it's less plastic? Yeah. Less plastic all around the side, so it's just tall enough

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

on the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:42]

mouthpiece side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

Did we talk about how this thing actually tracks about the weight piece?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

So this this thing, like, the the battery goes in the bottom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

and it it oh, it changed the color. That was that was a pretty green.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

So it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

it appears to work through weight. So you you start by calibrating this water bottle. Mhmm. Why they couldn't calibrate it when they ship it is, you know, whatever. I don't know. Yeah. We'll go with it. But so the first thing you do is you calibrate it, which means you're gonna waste water, which is sad. Right? Why are you gonna waste water, Stan? You just because the calibration process You just didn't think through this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

Will you pour it into another water bottle, John? I used a measuring cup, but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

Okay. So so then so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

what what if I didn't have a measuring cup around, and I I just had this water bottle? What if I was going to use this water bottle from now on in order to measure 620 milliliters because all of the measurements in my life are 620 milliliters?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

Then I guess I guess you got your Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

You calibrate it, you weigh it, or like it it it uses weight. What I've noticed, and this is the problem that I have, is I will take a drink right before I fill it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

And this bottle is not capable of tracking that. Set down. That that has been weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

It's changed my habit because now whenever I fill it, I will set it down before I actually take a sip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

and stuff like that. Likewise. And I think because of that, like, I I I don't know how you solve this problem otherwise, first of all. So I I'm not trying to knock So I think with the other hydrate, like, that's not the case because there's an actual sensor that goes into it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

And yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

I have have you looked to see this thing's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

dishwasher safe, is it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:32]

I think it is, actually. You have to take the battery out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:36]

but otherwise, it's just washer safe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:39]

That

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:40]

was in the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:42]

instructions that I got.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

Yeah. There's so many options if you go on Amazon. There's the hydrate spark two point o smart water bottle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

There is the hydrate steel. There's the hydrate spark three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

And I truthfully don't know what the difference in all these are.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

I So the three is like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:01]

a plastic rubbery one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

Okay. It does it does it use the same weight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

mechanics?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

No. So there's It's got the sensor that goes in it. So like if you click on the three, you can see the glowing. So it's also the light

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

and that just goes in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

Oh. Wow. Okay. So so the other ones, they yeah. They glow from the inside rather than at the base, and you're saying that that's the sensor. That's the sensor too. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

Well, I did not know that. I wonder if I had realized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

the full implications of this if I would have gotten the nonsteel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

Possibly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

The the thing is there, have to actually switch out batteries too. It's not rechargeable,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:44]

and missus Kollmeyer complained of a rubbery, plasticky taste initially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

I yeah. I think that's generally true with any kind of plastic water bottle. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

I will say the whole thing that, like, the idea of, like, recharging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

my my water bottle is a little weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:02]

You know? But Yep. So we'll see. I'm still on the first charge. That was the other thing that annoyed me is it didn't come with any charge initially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

which I've No. It didn't. Used to. It didn't. So Yeah. Yeah. But I again, like, how much how much time would it have taken for you to charge your product

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

and calibrate it once before you ship it to me? Yep. You know? Would that would that have not been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

a better customer experience?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:25]

You think so?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

I don't know, John. Maybe I noticed that you got the black one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:30]

Mine is red. Missus Kollmeyer has blue. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

Oh, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

I I just chose what Apple had available, to be honest with you. Because one one, I had an Apple gift card.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

And then two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

I I wanted both mouthpieces because I was noncommittal

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

about which way to proceed. So Yep. And then you still haven't tried the straw. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

I haven't. Yeah. Well, what do you do? I'll get there. I'll get there. But I I will say I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

like, the the water truck is cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

I fully expect to go back to my Yeti at some point. I think that's in my future. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

I would like the app to be updated, because it's buggy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

and I click on things and they don't respond sometimes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:12]

and tracking takes a second to actually connect.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

I'm I'm hoping for an update. I agree with you on all fronts. Hopefully, Heydrate is listening. Heydrate, if you, if you wanna send us, you know, some stuff to try out, we'd be happy to to do that too. Yep. So Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

Okay, John. That's enough for water bottles. I'm gonna see you in a few days. I'm looking forward to it. We're gonna brew some beer. We're gonna brew beer. I mentioned earlier. Yeah. We are going to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:40]

do a wine test from when we fermented the same wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

Yep. Yeah. We should make a video or something for that. Let me go. Think. Sure. Yeah. Alright. We'll work on that, and we'll see what other adventures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

are in store for the Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

lemon visitation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

And missus Kolmeier is actually coming, so you can't yell at me. Yeah. That was a requirement. It was. That was requirement. We didn't want you to visit unless she And the dog, which will be its own adventure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:06]

That was not a requirement, but he'll be there. He's been good in Louisville so far. So Alright. Well, there'll be another dog with him for him to terrorize. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

Big game changer. Alright, buddy. Alright. Safe travels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

get a vaccine.

