---
title: This is the Way
episode: 107
date: '2020-11-05T15:22:21.000Z'
slug: this-is-the-way/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode focuses on John's voting experience, election talk, and
  post-election reflections. After not discussing politics on this week's
  episode, Stan brings it up again, and they discuss their individual reactions
  to the 2024 US Presidential Election. They also touch on John's decision to
  deactivate his social media accounts due to the ongoing election drama.
keywords:
  - voter fraud
  - presidential election
  - Iowa caucus results
  - Kanye West's presidential bid
  - COVID-19 pandemic control measures (referenced in the outro)
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So looking at the calendar ahead here, I think we're gonna have to move the next time we record.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

Oh, yeah? Yeah. I just got a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

shipping notification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

from Microsoft.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

It says that my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

Xbox Series x will arrive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

on the tenth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

That's when we normally record. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:49]

my Xbox

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

Series

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

x

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

arrive sometime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

You have not gotten any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

confirmation at all? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

My order has been received by Amazon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

They,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

a couple days later after preorders,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:10]

said, hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

Due to the popularity of this item, it might not arrive on release day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

So they'll email me when it is shipped or when they have a shipping update.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

As of now, nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

Have they have they put a charge on your credit card yet? No. Amazon doesn't do that until things ship even with, like, subscribe and save or anything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

Well, that's not not when they ship. Mean, they'll they'll put a pending when it's processing, but not even that, though, is what you're saying? Nope. That is not there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

Alright. So I don't know how to break this to you, but Patrick's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

Xbox Series X, there's a there's a pending.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

Mine, there's a pending.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Me see. Do does does Patrick's have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

there's no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

tracking number for Patrick's. There is for mine, from Microsoft.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

I think the Microsoft one's gonna get here first. That's that's what I'm that's what I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

betting on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

I can see it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

So we still don't know what we're gonna play, though. Like, I I'm I've ordered this Play together. Correct. Well, no. Like, what what am I gonna do on my own? I'm curious. You you don't have Xbox games already, do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

So I don't have any current gen Xbox games. No. Okay. So when let's just hypothetically say that on Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

your Xbox Series x arrives. What are you gonna do with it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

I'm going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

download games. Oh, so you're just gonna go I see. This is this this baffles me because you and Patrick made a very passionate plea to me that I should only purchase games for my Switch in particular, but I think you meant more broadly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

in in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

physical copy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

And you're telling me So you can share with me or resell them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Okay. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

I mean, were you just telling me that for me, or are you actually gonna buy physical games too?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

I will actually buy physical games,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

but the nature of the release and not knowing when things come,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

I have not purchased any hard copies. I do have Halo Infinite on preorder for whenever that's released. Yeah. I I preloaded Halo Infinite as well. I know that GameStop right now is Hard copy. Is listing that as 12/31/2021,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

but I think it'll come Amazon is doing. I think they were talking about March or April. Yeah. Which is still a long ways out. But so I I've ordered one physical game. I'm gonna hold this up. You can see it because we're we're, on the the FaceTime, but you can you can tell everybody what this is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

That is Star Wars Squadrons

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

Yeah. Which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

that's even the series x edition on the packaging. That's what it says. Yeah. So I got this on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

the it's it's compatible with both. I'm assuming they've they've made some improvements for the x experience, but it's not like a game built for the x. I was actually looking on GameStop today at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

the various options.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

Right? And I I gotta say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

I think the game day release options kinda stink.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

Yeah. I agree. I don't know if this is mostly because of COVID. I don't know if I don't know if it's because of COVID or if it's because of all the backwards compatibility.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

So there have been a ton of Xbox games that have released in the last three months for the Xbox one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

I don't know. Well, I am still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

looking, I think, for another I'd like a second game to play on on day one. I looked at so the the game day releases, like, big ones that they're they're pushing are Assassin's Creed as well as I will play that, but that's not multiplayer. Call of Duty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

Yeah. Not in the Call of Duty. So I don't have approval for either of those from the head of the house. Rumor, she's the CEO. I'm the CFO.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

So I don't I don't think I would get those. I think they're they're a little too violent for missus Lemon's taste, and that's fine. But I am looking for the next, like, buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

Overcooked two is is on my radar, but that's that's still a little ways out. Like, that's not gonna be ready yet. I don't think until the end of the year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

So I need another How you how do you feel about dirt five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

You mentioned this. When does dirt five come out though? It is already out. Oh, so this is not this is not an action. I think it it releases Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

maybe. Is that a game day release?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:33]

I don't know. I saw some gameplay from somebody who got early access. So that either came out this week or next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Dirt five, this says it releases

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:41]

on November 6. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

I could get into this. I mean, this is basically like Mario Kart. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

Yeah. I mean, it's an arcade racer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:53]

supports multiplayer. They also have, like, a build mode where you can build your own tracks or,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

have people drive through other people's tracks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

But, yeah, I've seen some career gameplay, and it looks like a fun little racer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

So would I be able to play like a technical one. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

in this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

I believe so. Okay. Maybe this is the one we need to do then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:16]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

Let's see. If we go to DIRF five, does it talk about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

multiplayer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

options?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

I I this whole thing has made me feel really old. So I I don't know how to explain this, but I've never owned an Xbox, and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

like, getting into gaming is a relatively recent thing for me, and I wouldn't even say I'm good. I'm probably terrible. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

the whole thing fascinates me, and I just I know absolutely nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

Yeah. So I had the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:45]

original Xbox and the PS two were the last consoles consoles that I had. So those were the same generation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

and I was big into Guitar Hero and Halo one and Halo two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

Is there so I don't know anything about Halo. Is there a Halo that I should be playing before Halo Infinite comes out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

So, yes, there's the master chief collection,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

which you, to fully understand who I am, need to play that with me. Master chief. What does what does that mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

So master chief is like this futuristic marine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

and he's the guy that you play through a campaign.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

It's a first person shooter, so missus Lemmon might not approve either. But Well, they're not they're not real people. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

So they are either people in space suits or aliens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

So there's that. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

I think the objection will be less strong. That's that's what I'm that's what I'm going with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

Alright. Well, I I will I will continue to take a look at this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

So So, yeah, that's something we could play day one is we can spin up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

the first Halo and start playing through campaign. Patrick says it's, like, six hours of gameplay. So Is that a lot? Is that a little or a little? That is a little for a video game because the focus was on online multiplayer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

But Got it. Patrick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

probably thinks that six hours is a little, but that could take us two weeks to play through. Oh, yeah. Easily. Easily. I mean, I I think you're you're being generous there, assuming I'm more skilled than I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

Alright. So we'll record probably late next,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

next next week, or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

I will be exhausted by x. Maybe I should take the day off of work depending when the Xbox x You have not taken a lot of vacation this year. Yeah. I did I did take all last week. I accomplished But still nothing. You're like at what? At half of what you took last year? No. It's actually it's less than that. But Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

See. That's what I'm saying, man. I did not go camping, John. I meant to tell you I didn't Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

I I got the tent set up. I finally took it down. The kids weren't interested.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

It is what it is. I did get a nice text from Joe Taylor asking, do you wanna go camping?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

And I told him,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

kinda, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

so I think he he was looking at the weather for this weekend, and this weekend would be fantastic camping weather. But I'm not off this weekend, so or this week, you know, or next week. So here's what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

Alright. Did you did you finally watch Mandalorian season two episode one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

I did. Okay. Do we know if Patrick did? Because I was waiting for Patrick to say he did so we could talk about it in the massive group. Oh, I thought I'm pretty sure he did. But so so, yeah, we okay. Let's let's let's back up. You surprised me this past week

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

indicating that you actually did not like Mandalorian season one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

I didn't say that I didn't like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

Okay. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

are you running for a bowl of coffee? Are you splitting words here? Come on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

I watched the whole thing. I watched the whole thing within twenty four hours of when it was man, maybe not twenty four hours because they release early in the morning. But either Friday or Saturday during the first season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

But, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

it's not the most exciting thing I've ever watched.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

It is definitely a slower paced story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

I went back, and I rewatched all of season one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

prior to season two debuting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

And I will I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

it flows so much better when you watch it back to back to back. It's Yeah. You've told me that. You need to do it. Yeah. It's as if it's But I'm obsessed with Gotham right now, which moves decidedly quicker. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Gotham. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

Gotham's got a lot of loose ends.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

So the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

the thing I would say is it's like one big movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

that has some,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

I don't know, maybe poorly placed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

potty breaks that last for seven days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

I I the other thing too that I was thinking about is I I do think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

a big part of your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

lack of interest in the show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

has to do with the fact that you have not seen Clone Wars or Rebels?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

That could be. So I I have a theory in that The Mandalorian is for, like, the super Star Wars nerd.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

So first,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:13]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

Boba Fett never interested me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:16]

I know some people that's their favorite character of the original trilogy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

but, like, not that interesting to me. So that's a strike against the Mandalorians there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

Secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

apparently, this is, like, there's a bunch of nods to super fans who've seen Clone Wars or Rebels or whatever that I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

miss completely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

So I think that that's why you or Finker or Patrick really, really love this show, and I was just like, meh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

Yeah. I so keep in mind, this show is created by the same creators

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

Clone Wars and Rebels. Right? And so there's there's going to naturally be overlap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

Mandalorians,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

in general, have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

exceptionally low coverage in the movies. Right? I mean Right. Boba Fett is, like, he's a fart in the wind, really, in the story. I agree with you. I always thought it was a little odd that people were, like, so infatuated with him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Some of that, I think, changed with the prequels where you have Django

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

and Django. Sure. And and also just the clones, all of the clones. Right? And so there's there's a little bit more story behind that character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

but the Mandalorian element is largely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

not addressed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

Now, in Clone Wars and Rebels, it's actually a huge part of the story in both of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

And you get a depth that I I just don't think you can get anywhere else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

you know, that that's like its context.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

I think The Mandalorian is interesting because I do think it appeals

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

very much to the Star Wars nerds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

but it also appears appeals to people who,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

how do you say this? They're they're not, like, invested in the show. Right? And you are neither of these two categories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

at the moment. Right? You're invested in the franchise, but not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

but but you haven't gone, like, full nerd nerder nerdy nerdom? Yeah. So I started Clone Wars,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

and I think the same kind of thing sorta happened because Clone Wars, the first seven episodes or whatever I watched seemed kinda boring to me. And, I mean, there's action there, so I don't know if it's the animation thing or what. But Clone Wars does pick up. Season one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

starts slow, and there's there's a distinct point. And if I was looking at the list of episodes, could tell you exactly what it was, where the writing and the cohesiveness of the show improves dramatically, and then it holds steady to the end. But you have to, like, slog through that for the really, the first half of the first season. It honestly, in some respects, it's just like Star Trek The Next Generation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

That first season is rough. It is so rough. Yep. But if you make it through it, everything gets better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

So here's the thing that happened with Star Trek the next generation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:02]

If I watched any of season one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

when it was airing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

like, it would have been pieces here or there. What year did it air? Was I even alive? Yeah. Didn't start in '89. You're not not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

when were I was born in '89.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

Alright. Well, maybe maybe you didn't catch it yet. May '89. They actually started in East seven. Oh my goodness. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

Yeah. So, like, I was watching reruns of The Next Generation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

when they were on. And then only in my adult life when I was living in my own apartment did I go back and actually watch from the beginning. So at that point, you're invested in the characters. Yeah. The there's a difference, too. The next generation is very episodic. The Clone Wars is very serial. You you do need those first episodes. Like, you have to suffer through them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

Do you remember do you remember my complaint about the Iron Fist?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

I don't. You didn't like Danny Rand. Well because he was whiny. Yeah. But but I rewatched I think the I think I've struggled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

through the first episode three times. I fell asleep

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

Right. You know, first Yeah. And I watched the first episode multiple times as well. Yeah. And then I ended up actually enjoying that series. Right. I I think the rest of the series was great, but you had to you had to suffer through the beginning of it. And I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

I I think that's the issue with Clone Wars. Now, we're we're let's circle back to the Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

I I think the Mandalorian has appealed to those who are not super invested in the franchise. Right? They've seen the originals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

They they maybe saw the prequels,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

but the and I think it's cool. Right? They had some toys, some LEGO sets, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

Because I think it's there's a novelty to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

The,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

the expectation for someone like yourself, I think, is higher than that. And then there's me, who's I'm like I'm like looking at all the little, you know, things that have been dropped all across this this story, and I'm I'm geeking out about it all the time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:01]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

My take on Mandalorian season two episode one is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

they are I think they're appealing to your brand of watcher

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

now Really? As well as appealing to mine. But I'm curious what you thought because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

I I will just say upfront, I loved this episode. I was so ecstatic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

the whole time and geeking out to the nth degree. You didn't like it, did you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

The plot of the episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

was our town is in trouble. Slay the dragon to upgrade your armor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

I don't know there was a armor upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Right? I think it's just a matter of of, like, making sure that that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

armor only belongs to a Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

Alright. Let's so generally, I love dragons. This was not the greatest dragon story I've ever seen. That's fair. That's fair. I did like how they brought in the sand people, and the sand people were humanized

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:56]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

made to work with other people, and they were shown walking in single file. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

What did you think of Timothy Aliphant? First of all, the the the name of the episode was the marshal, and then Timothy Aliphant pops up. I lost it. Yeah. I completely lost it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

I have no idea what the references are. He's the marshal from justified.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

No. He's the marshal from justified. I didn't even notice. Are you honestly stanning? Kidding me. Oh my goodness. So how many years ago did I watch ified? Wow. Alright. This is not me. So like Daniel Sanchez

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

remembers every person who has played every other people and can name the actor and that's just not me. I can be like, oh yeah, that person played

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

Arthur in Merlin, sir.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

Justified is one of my favorite shows of all time and I've rewatched It was very good. Times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

So Timothee Alaphon is Now if it was Boyd or Raylan, I would have known right away. Dude, that's what I'm saying. This is Raylan, the marshal, Timothy Aliphant. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Now I have to pull up a picture. Oh my word. Maybe I was just so bored with the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

he's also in Deadwood, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

I have not that's it's a good show. It's not kid safe at all. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

so so I was, like, completely geeking out on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

I think if you look back at season one, he is amassing a set of characters for the final showdown. Right? They all have a role to play in that final showdown,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

and I suspect that something similar is going to happen. Like, I don't think that's the last time we see Timothy Olyphon. I think that he is going to appear again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

I I still don't recognize him looking at the picture. Wow. I mean, I can see it in his eyes now, but, yeah, I would not have gotten that right away. Alright. Well, John, you need to go back and watch justified.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

Yes. I do. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

I like being on Tatooine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

I really enjoyed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

the Yeah. That was cool. The the kinda like nods to the things that are going on. Some of that cinematography at the front of the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

Oh, yes. It's a beautiful show. Yeah. Well Even going back to season one. They they played off though. If you look at some of the painting that they did in the in the opening of this episode, they played off of A New Hope. Right? Like, they're given a nod to it. Sure. There's there's some, like, really artistic things going on there, and I really appreciated that. So, you know, there there's I like, that appeals to me. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

We've got Was there some kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

backstory to the speeder bike?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

Because he was like, he still got that speeder bike, and then they spent three minutes just watching him travel across Tatooine. Well, that it popped up in the previous season. Right? It was something that he got when he had previously been there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

And and I think I think that was just all it is. I don't I didn't read anything more into that. Let's so okay. If you've if you've are listening to this show, you haven't seen Mandalorian season two episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

one and you care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

turn off, go watch it, come back, because I'm about to spoil something really important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

Did you catch the guy at the end?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

I did. Alright. Did you know who that was?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

Not until I looked at IMDb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

Okay. And then you saw that it was the actor who played

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

Django Fett and all of the clones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

in the prequels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

Which I also would not have noticed just looking at him. Oh, he looked I I when I saw him, was like, that guy is really familiar. And then as soon as Henry belted out, that's Boba Fett.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

I was like, oh, that's the dude from the prequels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

Boba Fett apparently survives the Sarlacc, and he is at the end of this show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

And and I to me, this tells me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

this this whole episode is gonna have a different kind of depth. Meanwhile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Moff Gideon is still out there with the Darksaber, which you don't know anything about because you haven't seen Clone Wars or Rebels, but. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

That's also a big deal with the Mandalorians. Right? The Darksaber belongs to Mandalore the Great. And I think we're going to see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

cross pollination of all of these different Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

storylines

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

coming together,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

and and I'm I'm really looking forward to it. Meanwhile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

we still have the child who's looking for his kind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

and at at least Who's arguably the best part of the series so far. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

I think that's I think it's totally fair. I'm not I'm not gonna knock that. The the child's awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

So so but here's here's the thing though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

would surmise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

that his kind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

are the Jedi sorcerers that were alluded to in season one. It is Right. It is not whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

creature

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

Yoda is. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

And we know already that Ahsoka Tano,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

who used to be Anakin Skywalker's Padawan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

from Clone Wars. Again, you don't you don't know anything about I got that far. Okay. You got that far. So she apparently pops up in this season. Like, that's already been announced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

And I think that's gonna be part of the storyline of reuniting the child with his kind, which is whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Jedi are left over at this point, surviving on the galaxy. I think the only thing that would sweeten the deal more is if somehow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

oh my gosh. What's his buckets? The kid from Revels shows up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

That I know. Oh, it's on the tip of my tongue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

Ezra. Ezra Bridger. I I didn't even have to Google it. I actually I was typing it in, didn't resolve, and I and I was able to remember that. Ezra Bridger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

I don't think he's gonna show up, I think that would be great. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

I would not rule out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

some kind of, like, peculiar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

mall connection. I'm not saying we're gonna see mall, but Maul has a history with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

Mandalore, and I and I could see some of that somehow getting teased out. So I'm looking forward to just Yeah. How this all plays out. I think I think season one was a bit of a trial. Right? Like, they're greasing the gears, introducing our characters, getting some depth. I think season two is gonna level up in a big way, and I'm I'm looking forward to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

Alright. We'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

But Boba Fett appearance was cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

He had a bunch of stuff hanging on his back, and I don't know if that had any significance either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

Who knows, man? I'm sure we'll find out. So bottom line, did you like this or no? I mean, was this better or worse than season one? You don't sound real real hot about it. I would say it's about the same. I mean, like, the dialogue is all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:12]

terrible ever since they killed off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:14]

This is the way guy. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:20]

You're So you're hard person, please. I'll keep watching. I'll keep watching, Stan. I love Gotham, so I'm watching that much faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

Update on the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

Yeah. So I got my heating

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

bill today, my gas bill,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

and it was up over last year like you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

predicted,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

but it was up by a total of 33¢.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

Oh, okay. Should we start a GoFundMe?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

I think I'll be okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

So I like, are you you're not you're not seeing any, like, major impacts to your bill then from the hole in your roof?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

No. Not currently. I'd have to go back and, like, look at comparable temperatures, but it has not hit me yet. Okay. And how is the hole in the roof going?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:14]

That good, So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

yeah. I mean, I got too many things in the fire, so I need to just focus on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

one thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

So right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:23]

the tree people who took off the tree from my roof are wanting to get paid, and I cannot

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:30]

deposit the check that the insurance company cut me because they put my mortgage company as an additional payee, and then Ally wouldn't deposit it. That's such a weird it's such a weird thing to have them on that check.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

Yep. So, yeah, like, the other two checks that they have sent me did not. So I don't know. So weird. Secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

claims contact with State Farm was changed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

I initially reached out to them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

last Wednesday, so eight days ago,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

by phone, left a voice mail. I have not received a return call yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

So I have emailed into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:10]

just the general national email address,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

And I got the autoresponder,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

and I got notification that my claim was reopened, and it's been assigned to a claims team.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

But I have emailed them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

every day this week so far, and I have not gotten a response in any way, shape, or form about this check that I can't cash to pay the three people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

So I'm angry now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

We'll see where this goes if it's just another week. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

you did give up on your garage door guy. Right? You were you were talking to a garage door guy for garage door repair. What exactly broke? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

So the extension spring, so my garage runs on an extension spring system.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

spring on the right side snapped.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:58]

It must have been when Anna closed the garage door when she left for school one day or something like that because it wouldn't open when she got back home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

So I called a guy who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

was gonna come out last Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

I guess, and fix it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

And he was actually converted all over to a torsion spring for, like, $250,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

which sound reasonable to me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

So then he calls back from a different number that same day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

and I don't answer the phone because I'm working and it's a random number.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

doesn't leave a voice mail. I do some googling and find out there's, like, another roofing or another garage company

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

he owns, or he has, like, different websites set up for it or something like that, and this was the number connected to that one. So I call him right back. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

Sounds a little sketch. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

And he doesn't answer. Left a voice mail. Never called me back. So I thought, okay. Maybe he said he said he couldn't get out today, he'd come tomorrow. So I waited and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

no show there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

At which point, I looked at some other garage people, but didn't actually contact any of them,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

and then took a trip to Lowe's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:14]

and bought some extension springs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

Okay. And you did the repair yourself?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:19]

I did. I replaced both of them. There was also a pulley

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

had bent, I guess, so I replaced the pulley system too on the one side. And everything is and everything is working fine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:33]

Yep. Alright. Well, look at you. And it's actually it's arguably safer than it was before because there was definitely some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

sketchy craftsmanship

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:43]

up there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

and now there's actually safety cables running through the spring, whereas before there were not. Okay. Well, hey. At least there's some progress. I guess you'll be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

roofing your house next.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

I don't know. I don't think I can roof the house by myself. I think I need a couple guys for that. So if you and Finker are gonna come then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

I don't think so, Tim.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

Alright. Well, we'll keep up to date on the on the house proceedings. Hopefully, you will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

have a full roof once again soon, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

That's a goal, man. I need to hire somebody just to call some call them every hour and a half and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:22]

keep things moving. But right now, my insurance company won't talk to me, so I don't know if my claim reopened because of the email I sent or because my claim reopened

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

because a roofing company submitted an estimate or what.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

boy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

Well, if you are listening and you have the chance to change insurance companies before you need to file a claim, I think I would urge you to go away from State Farm. Oh, okay. There we go. He did it on the air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

Alright. Alright, Stan. Do you have something, like, positive to end this episode on? I don't wanna end it there. Well, I mean, I we got a couple more things on this list. So I'm curious. Did you see this new mint premium? We've recommended mint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

several times on our show. I recommended it to people. Really? Because there's no better option. Well, yes. That that is 100%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

Largely because it's free. Right? Everybody can start with no cost and just get going. There are alternatives.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

There are even some free alternatives, but they just don't level up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

Mint premium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

is interesting to me. It feels feels like it's been a long time coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

Did you did you even look at this? Did you see the advertisements pop up? No. So I saw this on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

the list, and so I googled around, and I didn't find anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

So on if you do you use the app at all?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

No. Not really. Okay. That that might be why. So on the app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

in the in the bottom bar, there's actually a a brand new button that says premium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

Now, it says it'll save on bills with bill negotiation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

which is something that a lot of services offer these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

Easily cancel subscriptions with one click, also something a lot of services offer these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Save more with auto save and round ups. Again, a lot of services out there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

Basically, like you go and you buy something for $3.42

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

and it'll round up to $3.50 and put it in special savings account for you. Neato. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

Get unlimited access to a financial pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

That's kind of interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

And then last but not least, revel in an ad free experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

How much do you think that's worth, John, per month?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

Per month? I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

that could be anywhere, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

Take a guess. I'd say it's starting at 25.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

Oh, okay. $25 a month. You overshot. It's actually $14.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

a month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

Really? There is no trial, but you can cancel your subscription at any time. So I admit to being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

intrigued by this largely because of the financial pro. Quite frankly, don't need Yeah. That seems like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

that seems like the thing that would be expensive. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

Cause I mean, the rest you write some code and it does stuff. But like the roundup stuff, I know there's people who probably love that kind of thing because they can save on autopilot,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

but I am very intentional with what I'm doing with my money, so that bugs me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

Yeah. I'm I'm with you there. I I would be curious how that gets cataloged. Subscriptions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:16]

I mean, I look at those regularly anyway, just out of habit. And most of these things I'm doing just out of habit, and I don't know that it would add a lot if I could do them with one click. Not having ads in Mint, though, might be nice. That could be that's worth $3 maybe. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

I I'm not committed to trying this. Was just curious if you saw it because it jumped out at me. I thought we'd recommended it so many times. If, if you hear of or learn from anyone that they have tried this, I would love to know what their experience is like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

And we have a contact form on our website still until I move our website. There you go. So. Alright, John. Last but certainly not least, are we gonna talk about the election?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

We can. So I did look to see where things stand right before we started recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

So John, the election is not over. We're not gonna talk about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

If you say so. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

No. No. What was that, John? Sorry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

There was an election,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:22]

and I hear that Trump is threatening litigation against

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

Michigan and some other places for voter fraud. So Most of the union, I'm sure. I I don't know. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

That's I think that's all the election talk we're gonna do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

I was baiting you. I didn't think you'd take the bait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

I thought I would say election. You'd immediately beeline it because you you deactivated all of your social media. You, like, fell off the face of the planet. Did you even vote? Are you are you gonna reveal that? I did vote. I I voted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

for nobody that won in Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

Surprisingly, not even the incumbent that I voted for. So Wow. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

something, John. Something I'm proud of you, buddy, for going and voting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

But my vote matters, Stan. Why why does why does your vote matter?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:07]

I don't know. Everybody tells me my vote matters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:09]

Voting's important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:11]

I think It's nice that you can just mail it in now, though. So But you didn't do that, did you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:16]

I did. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

I really you told me you're gonna go in person. This is interesting. So you gotta mail a ballot. About it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

Yep. Have you gone online to check that it was counted?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

I did. Oh, wow. Look at you, man. All engaged,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

and I would never have guessed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

I don't know about engaged. I mean, you went through the effort of getting the ballot and submitting it and then checking it online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

That that's pretty engaged in my book, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:42]

I will have you know that I have never voted for anyone who has won the presidency,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

and it's not looking like I will this year either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

Alright. Who knows what that means? I guess Kanye is not even in the running, is he?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:55]

Well, no. Kanye was only in 12 states. Person I voted for, I'm pretty sure was only on the ballot in Iowa. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

Oh, boy. Alright. Well, on that note, I want to talk about the election

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

no more. I am I am ready to No. Move I don't know about ever. I mean, catch me next week. Once we once we know what's going on, are you gonna wanna talk about it? Maybe. We'll see. I like, here's the thing. The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

I am Next week, it's not gonna be over. This is gonna drag on for months. It's it's probably gonna drag on for a while. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

January,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

nothing matters at this point. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

it's gonna be chaotic. This is gonna be a rough winter. I've just kind of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

leveled up to that, and we can deal with the banter and whatnot. I'm gonna push it out of my mind. I the first thing I did after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

after, like, 7PM last night was unfollow a whole bunch of things on on Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

So I still have my Twitter account. You can still find it. I deactivated mine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:52]

Hopefully, I remember to reactivate it within thirty days. Otherwise, I'll lose my 4,000 tweets or whatever. Do you I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

they'll surely they'll email you. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:02]

I would hope so, but you never know with these big tech companies. Yeah. They're the worst.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

Alright, buddy. Well, I'm I'm glad to hear you voted. I we'll just leave it at that, and we'll wait until episode one zero eight where maybe we'll know who's president. Maybe not, but doesn't really matter because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

we're happy. Because it doesn't really matter anyway. We're we're happy regardless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

We're just living life like a lily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

Alright, John. Then you can sign us off, Steve. Alright. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Oh. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

