---
title: Worst Tech Ever Owned
episode: 160
date: "2021-11-11T13:00:57.000Z"
slug: worst-tech-ever-owned/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around technology failures and disappointments
  across various product categories, including smartphones, smart locks,
  webcams, and cameras. The discussion highlights the importance of emerging
  technologies being carefully considered and designed to avoid early adopter
  pitfalls. The hosts share their personal experiences with subpar products,
  emphasizing the need for better design and functionality in emerging tech.
keywords:
  - Smartphones (iPhone)
  - Smart Locks (August lock
  - Logitech webcam)
  - Webcams
  - Cameras
  - Emerging Tech
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, what are we drinking tonight?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

I am drinking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

something that you recommended.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

So Is it a is it a Bota Box? It is a Bota Box. The Nighthawk

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

line or whatever. Yeah. Which one did you get? So this is the Cabernet Sauvignon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Oh, very nice. Very nice choice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

As you know, I'm a big fan of the Boto Box. In fact, that's what I'm drinking tonight. And no, Boto Box is not a sponsor of this podcast. Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

although, yeah, if they wanted to be, we would be totally behind that. Right? Right. But I doubt anybody listens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:00]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

overall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

I think this is probably my second Boto Box

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

that has been in my house. I've probably had more Bota Box wine at your house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

But overall, not the best Cabernet I've ever had. Not the worst.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Yeah. I think, you know, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

we cannot forget, it's box wine. Right? It's box wine and it comes out to what? Like, $4 a bottle?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Something like that. It's not it's not expensive by any any stretch. But it is not like, you know, mom's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

boxed wine that she had in the nineties. Right? Right. So I I think it's a superior wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

like, I think traditionally with a boxed wine, you got something that was sweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

So I remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

I would say, as far as the the Boda Nighthawk goes, there's lot there's a lot going on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

you know, in a particular Compared to if you will. Sure. So it's a dry red one, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

Testing one, two, three. There. You know what it is? I switched to transparency mode while we were recording,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

and thus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

FaceTime could not handle that apparently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

That seems like an oversight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

Yeah. Yeah. Let me tell you, I've come into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

contact with a few FaceTime bugs as of late. I have mentioned the fact that when Lucy uses FaceTime in picture in picture mode, it does not count against her screen time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

on FaceTime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

so we'll we'll chuck this up the second one. One of these days, I'm gonna file a radar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

But yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

So I was saying,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

this Cabernet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

I think I liked both your and my Cabernets better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

That's fair. But it is better than Winking Owl.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

the Winking Owl. Don't knock on Winking Owl though. You know what mean? For for a wine, it's a buck 99 a bottle like, you know. The problem really comes with consistency.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

So like every once in a while, get a really bad bottle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

Yeah. But then you get a really good bottle on the other spectrum.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

Right. And I, you know, I mean, you're you're gambling there. And again, at the price, like, you accept that gamble, you embrace it, you move forward. But Right. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

I I generally like the Boto Box. I find it convenient. Like, if I just want a glass rather than commit to a whole bottle. Right. I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

got a like, think I can't maybe I said this. I've got them all back tonight, the Nighthawk Malkback.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

I I think their red blend Nighthawk is also very good, and I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

like their Revolution,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

which is the non Nighthawk line. And if you can ever find their Shiraz, I've really enjoyed that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

okay. So for this week, we have a listener submitted topic from friend of the show, Dan Chazzy. You texted him saying, hey, what should we talk about? And he said I mean, he had almost no delay. So it's it's like this has been he's been waiting for this moment. He said, talk about the worst tech you ever owned. Right. And I thought to myself, this was my initial reaction, Dan says, I've been buying Apple stuff since, you know, 02/2004.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

Like, it's been a long time since I've owned bad tech. Yep. Then I got to thinking a little bit more about it, and that's not entirely true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

But but I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

I think I have a lot less regrets than the average consumer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

That's my hypothesis, and I think we're gonna dig into it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

Yeah. So my first reaction

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

like, this would never be at the top of my mind for a question to ask,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

which means Dan Chaz has probably owned a lot of bad tech.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

Yeah. And again, he's he's a recovering Android user. Right. Right? So so we know that he's already starting from a bad place. I I also, if I recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

he owned one of the Android

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

tablets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

which may may take the cake for like worst,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

you know, consumer technology product of the last decade or whatever ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

So, you know, again, like, I I just I think he's got he's got more area. But as we did dig into this a little bit, some things came to mind for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

And I'm I'm sure you came up with some things too. Right? I've got some things, but we'll see if they're valid or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

Okay. Alright. Well, for me, the first thing that I gravitated towards was a Palm LifeDrive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

Do you remember first of all first of all, do you remember Palm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

the company? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

So once upon a time, they made these little handheld computers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

that were underpowered. They had the Palm OS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

but they were they were cool. They had the little stylus, right? And you could like do hand recognition. And people use them for their calendars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

and they use them for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

address books, and I don't even know. What what else do they use, John? That sounds like the main things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

Notes. Yeah. Sticky notes or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Yeah. Yeah. Like yeah. So suffice to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

I would not describe it as a particularly sophisticated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

piece of equipment Correct. By any stretch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

but they were kinda cool back in the day before the iPhone. Yeah. They were all the rage for techies back then. And, like, they were definitely kinda business driven, because I remember, like, those leather

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

full leather, like, covers that would flip back and look.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

So yeah. Yeah. So so people remember the Palm Pilot. They remember probably either, like, the the VX, which was a black and white

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

I don't know. It's like an Etch A Sketch technology. Right? Probably something similar to what the Kindle uses. And then later on, there was like the m 15, which had a color screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

And then then there was this weird state of things, and I hope I'm remembering this right, where Palm devices actually supported a version of Windows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

called Windows CE. I remember this. I think I remember that. Yeah. So, you know, there's PalmPilot, PalmPilot Pro. At one point in time though, what they did was they came up with a product called the LifeDrive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

And, you know, a Palm got its name because it literally fit in the palm of your hand. That was the idea. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

But storage was extremely limited

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

because it had I I think it just had like, you know, system on chip, solid state type stuff. It was nothing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

I mean, not solid state. It it would have been like like memory card type storage. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

And the life drive was novel because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

I can't believe I have to say it's a lot. It had a it had a platter drive. It had a spinny drive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

And and so so it it did fit in your hand, but it was a it was a genuine brick. Right? It was a it was a large

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

It did not have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

a keyboard on it, which was novel at the time Yep. Because PalmPilots

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

always had well, shouldn't say always. A lot of them were starting to move towards keyboards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

What was do you remember what the Palm phone was?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

PalmPri?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

Was that was that what was? The PalmPri?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

So That's first thing that comes to mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

Yeah. I think that's right. So so this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

this drive, though, had a four gigabyte Hitachi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

hard drive in it. Right? Which was huge. It had an Intel processor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

that ran at a blazing 460

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

megahertz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

So I I love this device, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

I had a I had a PC that was only two thirty three megahertz that got me through, you know, most of high school. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:10]

Which And idea you were of writing software?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

No. Not that one. Not that one. No. We're a little little later than that. Little later than that. But but but the thing is, alright, like, this this was a big deal to me. The problem was, because it had a platter drive, it was prone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

to being magnetized and losing all of its data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

Right? Yeah. Bad user experience. It was all it was yeah. Very bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

It was also, in my opinion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

pretty pretty heavy. It was 6.7 ounces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

Right? For the form factor that it was. We're talking about a device that was, I don't know, roughly just under five inches by just under three inches, and about three quarters of inch thick. Yep. So so not small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

And, you know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

just it just weighed a ton. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

was really excited to get it. I found that it was it was just too big, too heavy. I never used it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

And when I did use it, and I mean, invariably, John, I would go to pull this device out, and I'd, like, decide I was gonna check my email, or use the absolutely subpar web browser. And the whole thing had gotten magnetized and lost all of its data. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:19]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

So did you like this device or not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

I I liked the idea at the time. But I I think, again, you know, the question was, what's the worst tech you ever owned? And this came to the the top of my mind, because I don't think it was worth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

the money that I spent on it. The other thing was, this is this is mind boggling too. Apps were really expensive. They were really expensive Yeah. For Palm OS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

And I had to I had to buy this thing called Docs To Go, which I don't even know I don't even know if Documents To Go is still a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

I believe Blackberry owned it, and it was like it was like the office for Palm. Right? It'll allow you to open up a Word doc and do stuff with it. But the whole premise of that on this device was just stupid. It was so it was just so stupid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

So I bought the device. I bought an expensive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

all steel case for it. And then I bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

this software. I bought a a piece of software for reading books,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

and I bought a couple of really bad Star Trek novels about the Wesley character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

Mhmm. And I read those And on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

The battery life was terrible. I think I spent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

like, out the ears for bible software from Olive Tree. I think that was something else I did. So, you know, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

all around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

looking back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

plenty of regrets. Plenty of regrets.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:45]

So I remember, like, I got a hand me down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

PDA device or whatever it was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:52]

I don't think it was Palm, but I always thought that was cool. I don't I never used it enough for it to actually fall into worst tech.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

There's lots of things around there. So like right around the millennium

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:06]

is when I remember lots of, like, tech that was really cool back then that's not anymore. So that's right around when I got my first digital camera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

Okay. Oh, yeah. Digital cameras back in the day, not great. Not great. Was it was it an HP?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

I don't think so. I can't I can't even remember. It might even, like, be at my parents' house still.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

For a while, HP was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

like, shipping these these 1.2, 1.8 megapixel cameras with printers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

Yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

And they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

were stupid cheap. Were trying to get you to print the things. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

And it was novel to have a camera, a digital camera, and you could take as many pictures as you wanted, in theory, as long as you had a a, you know, SD card that was big enough, and those were stupid expensive. So it was like, like, the whole Those were the big cards at that time. Yeah. The huge ones. Right? And they they, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

they they had, like, 32 megabytes of storage. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

And the idea was you could just swap those in and out all day long. But the thing was, you know, normal people couldn't afford multiple cards. Yep. You know? You got the one that came with the camera, and that was probably it. Maybe you saved up for a second one. Yeah. That that was definitely great. Not great tech. But it was super cool at the time. Like, I remember, because before that, it was always like those disposable cameras that you would take on field trips or whatever. I was in fourth and fifth grade when I moved to school. Those those were the those were the worst. Those were the worst.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

But, like So Yeah. Stuff kinda in that those early two thousands,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

like, camera, my first m p three player,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

I had nothing but trouble with. Like, from Oh, please tell me it was a Zune. Please tell me it a Zune. Come on. It was, like, just an m p three player. I don't even remember. I don't know if it was like Sony or what, but it was nothing expensive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

or anything like that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

now I never had a Zune. I did go to the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

video iPod. It was my first iPod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

here. I'm trying I'm trying to find out okay. My the the the HP camera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

that really stood out for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

I got Christmas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

of two thousand and one. It was an HP Photosmart three twenty. And the reason I know this, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

the reason I know this is because I still have pictures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

that were taken on my HP Photosmart three twenty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

at a whopping resolution of twelve thirty two by sixteen thirty two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

I had those in photos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

Wow. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

There you go. But my the first picture of my bride,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

I took, on 01/04/2002

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

with that camera. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

Was in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

02/2002,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

January, I was in seventh grade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

Okay. Thanks, John. Thank you for reminding me just how how much older I am. Oy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

were you mentioned you mentioned a whole bunch of things. M p three players. I never got into m p three players, but I did get into mini discs. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

So I remember Do you remember the mini disc player? It was like a demo

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:12]

demo,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

thing or whatever. I don't know. There were likely services that you could sign up for, and they sent you free music, and it was never good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

But I remember,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

it was like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

the Invisible Man trailer was on one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

were I mean, Sony got real big into the mini discs. Right? Mini discs were basically a cartridge, and I think they were probably tape based,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

because I had in order to record to them, I had to record from something else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

And I had to record in real time. Right? So I had to make I may have to make all these discs myself. Now eventually, there was an app, and I could, you know, like, put m p threes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

record them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

onto mini discs that I used in mine. And I am pretty sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

I had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

gosh, I think it was like a sharp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

what do they call it? M d s r or something like that. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

had this really cool remote control

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

between the headphones and the device, because that was not something that was, like, being done at the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

And I I I feel like I might have replaced it with a Sony.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

What is it, like an MZR

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

something or another?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:25]

I have no idea. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

is this is a big deal for me. My dad thought I was nuts. I I I remember him, like, gawking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

at the whole idea. But the thing about the mini disc player was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

it was so small, and it was just cool. It, like, it everybody wanted to know what that thing was, because it looked so different. And and actually, the thing with the the mini disc player,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

if you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

if you can harken back here just a hot minute,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

my first mini disc player, I believe, in 1998.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

Wow. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

so m p three players were not even, like, a thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

on the scene with any kind of prominence. Right? We in fact CD ROMs were big at that time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Yeah. Yeah. Like, and in fact, I'm pretty sure that what I what I did was I replaced my and I'll never forget this too. I had a bright green, like, the color of the message is icon green

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

Sony Walkman Yep. That I replaced it with. And I love that Sony Walkman. It was like it was like four x speed or whatever, so it would read ahead, so you wouldn't skip as much, and you can actually you can actually walk with it in your Lee's pipe jeans that were way too big, and it would be slapping against your thighs as were walking. So it was one of those with, like, those locking mechanisms on it with the Oh. Yep. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Know exactly what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so so that Sony Walkman, one of one of the best purchases I ever made, as far as, like, as I I, in fact, I wish I still had that CD player, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

I I mean, I don't. I I don't have anything to plan on. But, like, it it just was reliable. It lasted me a long time with quite a bit of abuse. But I replaced that with the with the mini disc player,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

and that was a technology that went nowhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

But but you made me think of this because of the m p three player. I did not actually get an iPod

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

until,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

I think, my senior year of college. So I was it was probably 2005

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

when I got my first iPod. So I was right around then too. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

Because the I don't remember getting a video when I I mean, maybe I did, but, like, what videos could you put on an iPod?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

It was usually, like 02/2005. Music video type things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Yeah. So the one I had, I can't believe I know this, was the iPod classic fifth generation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

And I believe I believe I splurged, and I went 60 gig.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

This is a funny this is funny too, because this was a physical hard drive. Right? Just like the life drive. This one never got magnetized and lost everything though. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

And also, 60 gig. The Palm life drive, which I had I'm pretty sure it was it was a year to two years later. It was only four gig, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

Apple was ahead of their time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

It was it was such a cool device, the click wheel. You remember the click wheel? I do. It's still cool technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

Oh, it's yeah. It yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

Alright. So Nano,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

shuffle, touch. Where's the video?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

The iPad that was a big deal when it came out too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

I because yeah. Music is it's probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Could've been. Very well could've been.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

See, the the the problem is, at least for me, right, like, this this was before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

I had fully converted. So this is also is when video playback was available.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

That came out 10/12/2005.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

So I guess we had the same iPod, John. How quaint. Yeah. So I got that because I had my first part time job working as a school cleaner

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

at my elementary school.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

See. Okay. So similar similar experience. I was cleaning the the the the school at my church when I had my MIDI display here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

so there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

You're just ahead of your time or you're ahead of me in terms of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

committing to the right technology. So this goes back to, like, the bad tech that I had. I can't remember anything specific about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

I do remember as a family, we had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

Performa,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

like an Apple Performa PC. That was not good, and that made my family go to Windows still mostly to this day. My mom is converted, but everybody's on iPhones at least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

The Apple performer. That was that was a that was a bad computer, like almost taint Apple bad. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

Impressed you had with that probably worth something if you've got that floating around in that I doubt it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

She's good looking, Tony. She's looking. So it's that. And then, I think the Windows PC we had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

had Windows Me on it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

and that was Oh, that was bad. The worst Windows operating system ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

That was really bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

So funny story about that. I had a Compaq Presario.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

For some reason, the number 2,300 sticks out in my brain, but there's there's probably, I don't know, 23 hundreds everywhere. That we replaced a Packard Bell computer, which Packard Bell died Yeah. Like, before February.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

That Packer Bell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

was was like had maybe a 60 megahertz chip. And when I bought when we bought the Compact Presario, which was like bottom of the barrel at Walmart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

it had a 233

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

megahertz processor in it, a 1.8

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

gigabyte hard drive, and I thought we had just gone to the moon, shipped with Windows 98. It was fantastic. Windows 98, such a great operating system. It it was solid. You know, that it's the snow leopard of Windows Right. Is what it was. Yeah. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

But but when you put me on it, it was it was so bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

It was so bad across the board

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

that I decided after that that we would go to business Windows. And I managed to get a copy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

of it was a beta. My dad was somehow connected into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

a Microsoft beta group. Back in the day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

if you were a beta tester for Microsoft, you went to a user conference and they gave you disks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

That's how Right? So dad got operating systems always came, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

Yeah. Well but, like but think about it right now. Beta software, you install profile on your device, and you get you get the latest and greatest from Apple. Yep. Right? Back then, had to, like, physically go somewhere. You had to know somebody to get in the door, first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

and and I think they still had to pay for the betas. Yeah. Right? There were no there were no online updates. So after you bought the Windows 95 beta, you still had to buy the actual Windows 95.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

Like Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

we got we got I think it was NT five, which was the precursor to Windows 2,000.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

They actually if I remember right, they've, like, pumped the brakes or something on it. They rebranded. I I don't remember what the whole story was. Windows 2,000 was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

We wound

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

up using that until I went to college on two different computers. So if I remember right, wasn't that, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

the server software

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

that they then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

engineered for desktop?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

Yeah. Essentially. So n t was was kind of the the server flavor, and it was intended to connect up to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

you know, your network. Like, that was the NT before network. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

I I believe Windows 95 and NT four, like, came out at the same time or something like that. I don't this is all so fuzzy. This is so long ago. It was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

But but Windows 2,000 was was solid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

I thought that we would never go back to consumer grade Windows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

XP shifted us back. Like, we we did we did bounce back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:44]

yeah. So I have a similar story where I bought a laptop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

before I went to college.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:53]

And, basically, Vista had just come out, the second worst Windows operating system of all time. And they put That way, it was so bad. Vista on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:03]

this underpowered laptop,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

and it was a nightmare

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

to the point where the fan was always running. It sounded like a jet taken off in my classes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:12]

at which point I put Ubuntu Linux on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

Oh. Finished out the rest of the year on Ubuntu.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:20]

And then Meas. Finally, I I think I bought a refurbished

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:24]

13 inch Mac after that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

Wow. Okay. That's that's quite a transition. Yeah. Vista was bad. I had already

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

I think I had already fully converted to Mac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

by the time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

Vista came out. It's it's a little foggy because I did I converted to Mac, and I still had a Windows desktop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

There's like a very small window of time in the dorm, where I had a Windows desktop, a Windows laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

and an iBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

And I was I was actually using all three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

depending on what I was doing. And that desktop, I don't even remember where I got that. That that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

was probably a a Compaq

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:08]

two. Compaq still exists. Right? Or or did they phase that brain out? That laptop that I'm talking about actually might have been a Compaq, but I don't know if they still exist today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

Looks like Compaq still exists. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

I mean, this is like, I'm talking about Compaq

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

oh, wow. Our products. They make smart TVs in India, tablets in The US, and PCs in Brazil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

So that's very different. They this is I'm talking about Compaq before they were bought or merged or whatever it was with Hewlett Packard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

And and they had a whole bunch of of different computer product lines.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

And, you know, I I think at the time, they made they made pretty good equipment. Clearly, they're not in the game anymore. That's with a lot of those UG tech companies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

This will be the Facebook and the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:54]

I don't know. I think Google's probably set for life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

The meta. I was just gonna say meta. Gateway still exists? Yeah. Meta. Meta.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

Gateway is owned by Acer. See, I I have no idea. Like, all these companies owned by Acer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

I didn't know Acer was Gateway was that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

It's so funny. Do you remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

Gateway had the really cool boxes? Like, they've like, there was there was a whole thing. They had the Gateway stores.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

I never never had a Gateway because there's a premium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

for Gateway computers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

Yeah. And you're completely opposed to computer premiums.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

Well, as a as a kid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

my dad, the math teacher, on a teacher's salary, my mom, as a nurse, right, like, you didn't buy the one with the fancy box. You bought the the compact Pessar. The one that was, like, the best buy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

Yeah. No. Walmart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

Walmart. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

So other worst tech I was thinking about as I was noodling on this, I actually had a Laserdisc player. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:03]

I had a friend who had a Laserdisc player.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

Okay. Well, there you I did Sega Dreamcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Do you remember Dreamcast? Yeah. I enjoyed Dreamcast. Dreamcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

got a bad rap. Yep. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

so the so the Laserdisc player, I think I had three movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

I think I'm remembering this right. So one was Star Trek Generations. Really? And yeah. And I had to flip the disc

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

halfway through. Right? That was that was a big thing with LaserDisc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

I think I had the movie First Night. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

Yeah. Sean Connery's in there. Right? I'm I'm remembering that right? And I think that's the one Sean Connery's in. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

Whatever the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

yeah. Yeah. Okay. Nineteen ninety five medieval movies Dan Chis was listening. Thorian legend. Yeah. Don't mess up movie trivia.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

So First Night was the other one, and that was also one I had to flip, I'm pretty sure. And then, I had a copy of The Right Stuff, which I believe was actually two discs, and you had to flip each. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

so the thing was, like, the promise of the Laserdisc was higher quality video. Right. But I had a really crappy TV. In fact, I think I might have even hooked that Laserdisc player up to a little black and white television at first. Right? Totally defeated the purpose. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

But, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

I think that the idea that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

video quality was going to improve significantly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

it was just still too far out. Like, the Laserdisc player was too ahead of its time. We were getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

we were getting excited about TVs that would be able to support the resolution of DVDs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

And you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

then, gosh, what was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

a here's another crazy spin for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

There was wasn't there another format

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

besides Blu ray?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:52]

Like Yeah. It was like Like a higher Sony HD or whatever. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

Well, Sony Sony Sony was on the Blu ray front. So I think it was h HD DVD or something like that? Yeah. Blu ray competitor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

Yeah. HD DVD.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

I never I never had an HDVD player. Thank goodness. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

Yeah. But that was huge, man. That was, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

a media war.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

Yeah. Well, it was the VHS Betamax of our time. There's actually I don't know if this is if this is legend or not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

I remember at one point hearing that the nail on the coffin for HD DVD

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

was a a battle between Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

adult entertainment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

And Disney was not going to have their stuff produced in the same

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

facilities or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

and and and it all crumbled from there. I I have no idea if that's true. Somebody should fact check me, somebody who actually, like, does research.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

So But I know that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

PlayStation three

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

included Blu ray with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Yep. And I That was a that was a big deal at the time, because you could get if I recall right, the PlayStation three at that time was one of the most affordable Blu ray players on the market. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

You could That play might have yeah. And that might that might have actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

helped, you know, PlayStation get the footprint that it had to eventually get to to where it is now, which I think, you know, I I'm an Xbox fan over here, but I do think it's kind of the predominant,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:31]

you know, platform. And, like, in the gaming world, absolutely. But PlayStation was also on the scene for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:38]

at least one generation before Xbox was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

But I I remember I vaguely remember PlayStation two. I just remember PlayStation three being everywhere,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

man. Like, you were you were hip and cool if you had a PlayStation three. Yep. I never had a PlayStation three. Me neither. I did have a PlayStation two right around when PlayStation three came out, mostly to play guitar here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

Yeah. See, that was released in 11/11/2006.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

I had just been married a few months. There was no world in which I was going to afford Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

A PS three, no matter if it was the cheapest Blu ray player or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

Do you do you remember TVs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

between the time the DVD hit the scene and before we went to high def?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

Like, square

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

flat screen ish TVs. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

Those were terrible. Those were universally bad. Yeah. They were heavy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

They were not affordable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

That, I would categorize as maybe worst tech.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

I'm trying to remember like when I first went to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

a panel TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

Oh, I I know exactly when I went to Because my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

parents still had the tube TV,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

like in the big TV

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

stand entertainment center thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

Oh, really? Like, part of a piece of furniture? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

Those are good times. Those are good times. I mean, no. The TV sat on the shelf in there. It wasn't part of that. My grandma had Oh, okay. Had, like, the actual piece of furniture one for a long, long So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

I bought my first flat screen television

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

like, I I don't know. It was, say, January 26 or something like that, 02/2007.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

I remember this very vividly because I thought it would be fun. Well, first of all, we needed a television. Yep. I thought it would be fun to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

have a flat screen television to watch the Super Bowl,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

and the Indianapolis Colts were going up against the Chicago Bears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

And in in the back of my heart, I I cared a little bit. Right? Even though I didn't really care about football. Because it's the Bears. Thought, you know, that's that's like the team from the area I was from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

And I bought a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

it was an LG.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

I think that's right. LG. It was a ten eighty I plasma television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

And I kept that thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

for probably close to ten years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:05]

And it would still be running if you had it today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. We like, gave it away to somebody. Finally, what I realized is that I I just there there were better images out there. The thing about that plasma, people would knock me for one, having only 10 EDI, and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

only having plas you know, having plasma. Because plasma's not something you buy anymore, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

that plasma screen was by far superior for watching sports

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

than pretty much any liquid crystal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

for the easy five years after I bought it. Like, it was it was fantastic. The contrast was great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

It it was just it was a great television. It also could heat a room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

Like, the amount of heat it put off. Which you needed in Seymour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

Yeah. I did need that in Seymour. Yeah. Yeah. Because we had all kinds of heat problems. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

you know, as a good television, that would not be part of the worst tech I I have ever owned. It would be the opposite of that. I've been pretty lucky with TVs in general, though. You know that Dan Chis is really into TV technology, so I'm sure he'll have comments on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Yeah. Yeah. You know, the funny thing about all this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

Mark Buto, your father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

pastor in in McHenry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Illinois,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

was working at a Sears at the time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

and was making television recommend recommendations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

Right? And I did not buy what he recommended, and I was very happy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

don't know if he knows that. He might yeah. I don't know. Maybe he told me to go plasma,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

but I feel like he was hardcore Samsung at that point in time. Interesting. You know? And Samsung Samsung TVs have always had a premium on them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

But Yeah. So I have never really paid any attention to TV quality

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:46]

this last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

Roku TV that I bought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

And I'm a big fan of the Roku TV. Yep. Served me well so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

Roku makes me think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

I hated the first Fire Stick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

The first gen Fire Stick I have that. Was it was oh, it was so cool because you could just, like, stick it into the back of, you know, your HDMI

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

Right. Port, and it it just supposedly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

would work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

It was so slow. It was so unresponsive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

That was that was pretty bad tech. That was pretty bad tech. So that leads me into,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:19]

like, as tech ages,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:22]

some of it has been really, really bad, including

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

the Amazon Echo

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:27]

second gen, I guess it is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

which was terrible and nonresponsive,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:33]

both in the Echo form and the Echo Dot form.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:37]

So now I have an Apple HomePod mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

I don't I guess I probably had a Dot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

No. I guess I had a Dot first gen, and I had the main Alexa first gen. I never

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

never upgraded from there. And I ejected from that ecosystem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

much earlier than you did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

Just finding myself frustrated with the technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

I think I think, you know, this is kind of an we always come back to the iPhone. Right? The iPhone is a device that when you buy it, has a lot of longevity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

in terms of how long it's gonna run the current operating system at a reasonable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

or in a reasonable way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

Then maybe your battery stinks. Right, John? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:18]

But now I have Otherwise I'm spending an hour in the car where I can charge it up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:23]

unless the audio works So at the same

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

But but suffice to say, think that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

you know, I I I use this as kind of the contrast point in terms of how you can have technology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

that that ages well. Right? And and when when you jump on an emerging tech, whether it's a mini disc player

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

or or Alexa, when it was first coming out. Right? Like, there's some implicit risk. You know, early adopters struggle with that. I had I had the first gen August lock I remember. Which required you to have angry about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

It just it it would eat away my battery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

when I was sitting in my house. Like, I didn't need my door unlocked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

and this is before Bluetooth low energy. Like, it it was just it was not a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

design. And the right way to do that, right, is with with Bluetooth low energy and then a a combination of WiFi. And in new August locks, they have all that, but, you know, I think I even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

I think I even maybe got it on a Kickstarter. Like, it was I was really early

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:22]

on that. And he used it in such a weird way,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:26]

because it was on the door that led out to the garage,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:29]

and, like, your garage was usually closed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:32]

and the door to the garage was locked. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

it didn't fit on the front door. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

Handle didn't work. But we we only came in through the garage door, and part of the the thinking there was we would lock it. Yeah. I don't know. It was it was not a great it was not a great plan by any stretch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

But that that was emerging tech that, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

not not great, you know. Now you have no smart locks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

I don't. In fact, I do have one with a keypad that I hate. I absolutely hate. Because one, I can never remember the code. It's only four digits, but like, I I'm remembering pins

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

everywhere else in life. Why do I wanna remember that one? Yep. The other thing is that I I feel like I get a lot of false positives with unlocking, and it drives me absolutely bonkers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:18]

So there you go. You know what works really well as far as locks go?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:22]

Like, those key card fobs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:24]

that you swipe to get into buildings like that you work at. Like, those always work. Yes. That's right. Yeah. They do. I wonder I'd be curious to see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

I wonder if that's just like NFC stuff or or what exactly the technology is there. All I know is that they work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

You know, here's some other bad tech or worst tech over time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

Webcams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

How many bad webcams have you owned?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:48]

So probably just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:51]

two actual webcams,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:53]

because, like, ever since that's been important,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

it has been on the laptop that I've been using.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

Well, I'm counting every webcam in a Mac from the last five years to yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

Again So like, I don't use webcams that much. But, like, I've never thought that I should record YouTube videos with a webcam. So there's that. That's fair. That's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

Oh, man. Video cameras. That's also dicey tech.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

you know, webcams I I have a Logitech.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

I don't even know what model this is, but it it does ten eighty p. I've had this for probably five, six years. Wow. Eat that Apple and your crappy laptop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

cameras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

this is the first webcam I've ever owned that was not total trash. Like, they've they've just consistently been bad over the years. The one exception was there was Apple had the the EyeSight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

I believe is what it was called. I remember this. Which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

yeah, at the time was a great camera. I don't know why they don't still sell this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

like, I I would probably own one. Right? I did for a while, I think they even renamed it FaceTime Camera, maybe. Maybe I'm misremembering that. I don't know. I do not remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

But, you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

they've got especially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

especially if you're putting a device physically on top of your monitor. Right? Which a lot of us do, because Apple doesn't make monitors. Right? We don't all have iMacs. We have laptops. Like, this is this is a place that Apple could go into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

They have the depth to be able to do optics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

like they do in the iPhone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

or even better. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

And they can pump it all over USB c to their, you know, Apple laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

And they like, I think that's a market that I would I would probably spend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

200, $250 on a really nice webcam,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

because I'm in meetings all day. Right? And and, you know, want everybody to see my photos. We're running out of time to talk about that kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. We are. Yeah. Maybe next time. Maybe next time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

I don't know, John. Any other terrible tech that you've owned? Pretty much every printer ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

Yeah. Printer's pretty bad. I actually you know, I don't I don't hate the one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

that I have now. And maybe that's the best endorsement of a printer. There you go. Right? Is that I Don't hate I don't hate it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

Yeah. Would do you do you even have a printer at the house right now? No. I have never bought a printer. I am completely anti printer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:22]

Very rarely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:24]

do I need to print anything,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:26]

and if that happens, I will pay the 10 at the library to do it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:31]

Oh, there you go. So the last printer that I bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

this cannot possibly be right. Is this right? This is in 2015. Oh, that's I definitely have a print

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

I can't believe I have a printer that lasted six years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:45]

It feels like a miracle. How often do you use it, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

We actually use it quite a bit. Missus Lemon prints

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

packing slips

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

No. For all kinds of stuff, all the time. Like, that that's the most common thing we print.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

There there are other, like, forms that come up and things that we have to have in physical physical copy. I I I don't know. Maybe it's because we got kids, and like, we're involved in stuff, and we're not And homeschoolers. We're not a a hobbit. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

But so the last one I bought was an HP OfficeJet '4 630.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

Don't get me started, by the way, on printer names, because they are absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

stupid. Like, that there's such a stupid way to to denote a product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

the way that like, printers across the board. It's not just one company. They're all bad. And after that, we can talk about print drivers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

Well, it's not a problem. I don't have that problem on on Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

But but this this one, I bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

I wonder how much this cost me, because it had a feeder on top, which I wanted for scanning. This is before this is like literally before Did buy a scanner though? Scanner apps.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:47]

Oh, no. You never bought scanner app that you really liked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:50]

Right. Thought you had document scanner at one point. Maybe you're really looking at buying one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

I was probably probably really looking at buying one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

I don't believe this. This tells me that I bought this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

for $75.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:07]

And slashed six years?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

Yeah. This seem it doesn't like, and I used reward points for $55.12

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

of it. So only cost me $20.38.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:17]

That just seems too good to be true. Link me, Sam. This will go in the show notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:22]

Well, I don't Still exist. Think it's still listed. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:25]

The printer before that I bought in 02/2009.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

So that that printer lasted six years. This printer lasted six years. Man. This was an HP Photosmart c four seven eighty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

and that one I did not like. I had I had a lot of issues with that one. That printer cost $98,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:41]

Do you remember when we were working together and we would buy a new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:45]

brother printer pretty much every summer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:48]

Oh, yeah. It was it was the worst. Yep. Right? And and it was it was because, one, I think well, those printers, they they took a lot of abuse. We'll just leave it at that. Yeah. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

yeah, this this OfficeJet, though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

I and granted, I don't use any HP software, and maybe that's the key to my success, you know, if I'm being candid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

But this this has just worked, and I'm gonna be really sad if it ever does break. Because then y'all go look for another printer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:14]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:15]

Yeah. And I I dread that. I dread that. I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:19]

You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

So I just can't believe I only spent $75 on that. That just seems crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:26]

Unless because you used reward points.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

Yeah. Well, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

Printers. Oh, I was gonna I was gonna harp on Blu ray players. I let's just I'll just say this. I think most Blu ray players are crap. I have bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

what what did I say the other day? I bought more Blu ray players Than TVs. Than TVs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:48]

Five and four or something like that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:50]

Yeah. It's like two of your TVs are still in working order?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:54]

Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're probably all still working order. But you still are in possession of two of them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

Yeah. And I I I remember, I think the last time I bought one, John, I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

I think I might have actually gotten a consumer reports membership

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

to try and find one that I didn't think was gonna be trash. Sounds familiar. Stan, we've known each other for a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:18]

We we have. We have. So here here's the one that made me the most angry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

The LG

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:25]

BD

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:26]

three seventy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:27]

Alright. I I bought this I bought this in December 2009.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:33]

I think this thing lasted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

I'm I'm just I'm spitballing. I don't remember exactly what the what the time period is here, but if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

the manufacturer warranty was six months,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:42]

it lasted six months and a day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:45]

And it like, it just completely stopped working. Like, it was it was a total outright failure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:52]

I've had a I've had a couple of Samsung's. I've had a couple of LG's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:56]

There's probably a better brand I should've looked at. But I'm just generally grateful to not have to use Blu ray players anymore. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:03]

I still use mine. I've only ever owned one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:07]

Here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:08]

here's one. I don't think this is the one I have. I had a Samsung BD f five nine hundred.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

And that was a bad choice. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:17]

oh, man. I I just I don't I don't miss the Blu ray player, John. Not one bit. Yeah. Not one bit. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:26]

alright, my friend. I this is this actually turned out to be kind of a depressing episode talking about, like, all the electronics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:32]

You know, and Dan Chaz, he like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:35]

his whole work situation working for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:38]

nonprofit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:39]

religious organizations.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:40]

It probably has him down in the dump, so he asked depressing questions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:46]

shots fired. Shots fired. Well, I can you imagine I mean, you actually can imagine, because you used work where he works. Like, what kind of crazy technology?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

What kind of stinky technology is probably floating around that's been there too long? Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

I think, by and large, the one absolute truth in the universe is that most companies keep equipment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:07]

longer than they should.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:09]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:12]

Probably even worse than me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:16]

By the way, John, where where are we at in the like, this should just be a regular segment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:21]

Where where is John at in the iPhone upgrade story? Are you are you more on a scale of one to 10, are you more or less likely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:30]

to upgrade

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:32]

today? With 10 being, like, I'm gonna do it tomorrow. I'm driving to the Apple store in Des Moines. And one being,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:38]

you know, I'm I'm good for another three years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:42]

10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:44]

What? Did you buy a new phone, John? So I've been I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:48]

been keeping a secret from you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:50]

So I play The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:52]

dog? This is like the dog again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:54]

I placed the order He's here to get you back. I placed the order about a month ago

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:58]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:59]

You son of gun. Since I was late

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:02]

to the late to the party,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:05]

it just I just got the shipping notification today, so it will be here Thursday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:11]

So on Thursday, you'll have a brand new iPhone 11.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:15]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:16]

I always buy the newest phone when I have the option. So I went with the 13 Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:22]

not Max because So it's too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:25]

Yeah. It is a pretty big phone. Alright. Well, John, I'm really happy to hear that for a whole host of reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:30]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:31]

that's that's a that's huge, man. I'm I'm excited. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:35]

you said you said Thursday? Did I hear that right? Thursday is when it should be My shipping window was the tenth through the seventeenth, and and I got the shipping notification today. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:45]

Wow. But, yeah, it's like Alright. When I ordered in October, they were a month out for fulfillment. So if you're thinking about buying a phone and you want it by Christmas, then you should probably get it On top of that. Yeah. What color did you get, John? Blue. Sierra blue. Is that what it is on the Pro?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:01]

Such a lovely color. Have you picked out a case yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:05]

Oh, look at this. He's digging into his desk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:08]

Oh, you bought the Apple case too. Buy the Apple case?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:12]

That Is that silicon or is leather? Silicon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:15]

Which color? I can see. Is that navy? It's whatever the blue color is that looks like the phone. I figured if I'm gonna cover up the phone, it should be with the same color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:23]

Wow, John. Look at you. With MagSafe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:26]

So next up, I need a car mount for my commutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:31]

Okay. Alright. I will tell you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:34]

this is my 2 on this front. The actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:37]

MagSafe charger pad that magnetizes the back of the phone Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:42]

I I have come to really like. Nice. I'm a huge fan of that. It's it's kind of similar to the way that the watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:50]

you know, grapples onto its charger. It's got a little bit more of a, you know, I don't know. Can you hear that will that come across? That should be. Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:58]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:59]

It's got a little bit more of a pop to it, and it's just it's just a nice product. And if you get the 20 watt USB c charger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:06]

brick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:07]

or eight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:08]

any charger brick. I don't know. It actually charges pretty fast too. So Nice. Like, battery life is gonna last me three days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:16]

Yeah. It's it's gonna blow your mind. It's gonna blow your mind. I look forward to future episodes where we discuss that, but that's not today, because we've talked enough. Happy times ahead

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:27]

on the iPhone front. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:30]

Alright, John. Until next time, my friend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:33]

Until next time. Are you oh, okay. I'm supposed to say bye, and then you're gonna jump into it. I figured Yeah. Then I sign up. Come up. Vaccines are now available for kids, so I didn't know if COVID was over over or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:44]

COVID's not over. COVID's not over. But this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go get a vaccine. All of you, even our five year old listeners.
