---
title: Bad Reddit Intel From Patrick
episode: 38
date: '2019-03-28T12:51:27.000Z'
slug: bad-reddit-intel-from-patrick/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around Apple's latest iPad lineup, specifically the
  10-inch iPad Pro with Magic Keyboard, the 11-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros, and
  the new iPad Air. Stan discusses his experience with these devices, sharing
  his thoughts on their portability, storage needs, and usage. He also
  highlights the pros and cons of each device, including the iPad mini, which he
  believes is a compromise between size and features.
keywords:
  - Apple iPad Pro
  - Magic Keyboard
  - iPad Air
  - storage capacity
  - portability
  - Stan's device experience
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

We, when we record this, we're pretty raw. Like, we don't do a lot of editing in terms of what we say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

and even the editing on the audio quality is pretty minimal at best. Right? Nobody's got time for that. We should set up Patreon. If people wanna donate to improve our audio quality and editing time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

then I'd be happy to set that up. So so part of the problem though is that if I say something stupid

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

or Which is likely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

Poor poorly calculated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

it is it is released

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

into the wild

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

and I have to live with it. So occasionally Lemon unplugged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Occasionally, my word choice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

not accurate for the intent to which I'm trying to convey. You you know this. What did you say that I should have called you out on last week, Stan? We were talking about Facebook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

and our ads, and you were talking about targeting, and you made a comment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

the audience of Facebook is predominantly female or the user base of Facebook is predominantly female. Do do you do you recall this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:30]

I I do, and I had no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

hard data to back that up. Okay. Well, I made the mistake of stating that I thought that women had more important things to do. And my intention

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

was not to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

be chauvinistic in any way. Although, I understand that it could have possibly come across that way. So I wanna just, first of all, apologize for my poor word choice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

and sentence construction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

And clarify that what I meant is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

we, namely you and me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

were sitting here talking about time we spent on Facebook, which I largely think is a waste of our time. And just that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

I believe that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

women are generally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

they make better than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

we are. Yeah. They're they're hard workers. Yeah. Here I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

the mess around on Facebook and doing a podcast, which adds absolutely no value to the world. So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

again, you get us raw, you get us unedited,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

and I apologize if I came across,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

as something other than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

I I just I apologize for our word choice. We'll leave it at that. We'll move on. I've now done my retraction,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

and, I hope not to put my foot in my mouth again in the future. But you think that if you offended anyone last week, they're gonna listen to this episode? Well Do we have to make a public apology? Oh, I don't know, John. I I'm gonna have to go back and listen to what you actually said. It it was called to my attention, and I I realized as I listened to it that it was a poor choice of words. So, anyhow, I apologize. We're moving on. In other news,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

all of my Wi Fi problems have gone away in my house this week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

So Did you get rid of Wi Fi? No. Is there a new technology? I wish. Or did you move to mesh Wi Fi?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

I didn't. Although, I could. That's a whole other whole other thing. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

when we moved in, I bought a thousand megabit line from AT and T. Right? And Right. They hooked up their router, and I just used it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

Because I thought, you know, why should I mess with it otherwise. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

Right. But I'm pretty sure that the router they give me is subpar at best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

And when we lived down in Seymour, I had bought a nice ace Asus a c 68, which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

you know, now is several years old, isn't the fanciest thing out there, but the WiFi was vastly superior, at least that was my perception.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

And thus far, it's proved to be true because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

about a week ago, after we last recorded, I swapped it in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

and now everything works all the time. I've noticed a reduction in latency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

All of my HomeKit stuff responds almost immediately now, so I'm pretty sure that I just got a better, stronger wireless signal in my house now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

So I just looked this up on Amazon, and it says I purchased this item on 11/04/2015.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:29]

I have never owned this router.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:32]

Why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

did I purchase it? The r t a c 68 u?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

My guess, did you ever order one for pastor Borgart?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

Not that I remember. I feel like at one point in time, he had really lousy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

wireless, and we were noticing it while recording higher things radio, and we Oh, maybe I did. We ordered them at the louder. And my guess is that I probably told you to order this one because I had it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

Got it. If you pull up the order, maybe you'll see where it shipped.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

View this order. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:05]

So this this router has been great. Reverend George Borgart. There you go. McHenry, Illinois. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

the the wireless on this thing is is just great. I I did a lot of research when I bought it. Granted, it's several years old now, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

you know, I've been really pleased with ASUS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

in general,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

I I think the lesson I've learned is you simply cannot trust your provider's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

hardware. Mhmm. There's absolutely no reason So to do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

this is my problem?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

I I suspect that it definitely could be a factor. I it would just Here's here's the next problem is that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

my Internet provider is DS Alpha through the phone line.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

I would need

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:53]

a modem

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

to then convert to a nice wireless router.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Oof. Yeah. Well Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

So I I will tell you that the AT and T unit is still plugged in. What I did is I put it in. I don't know if it's bridge mode or some kind of NAT thing or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

But it's possible. But I disabled the wireless on that unit and just plugged it over to the ASUS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

So the ASUS is not directly connected to the fiber optic line that runs into the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

It's actually kinda disturbing. I have I've got a unit at the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

in the garage that converts the signal from the fiber to ethernet or whatever, and I've got an ethernet line that's run underneath the house all the way up to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

above my fridge, which is where the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

AT and T wireless

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

unit they gave me is hooked up to, and then that now connects over to my Asus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

which is what I get wireless on. One of these days, I'm gonna run an actual Ethernet line into my office, but it's it's not terribly tempting to do because as I told you just a hot minute ago, I'm running

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

like, my my wireless is getting four twenty down, so I'm not really hurting here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:02]

Yeah. I think that's faster than what we get on our fiber line at work. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

I'll tell you There's more people utilizing that network. But Well, sure. I I definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

I'm not hurting for speed, and the most of the latency issues I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

all seem to have gone away. So, like, I I would have things that just it seemed like the connection was struggling, but then once it finally connected, it would it would download real fast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

and and that's just stopped. So I'm I'm a I'm a happy camper. And again, the other thing is I can say, like, hey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

you know, device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

turn on the television

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

and it works now rather than like a long pause and then Siri tells me I can't find the device or whatever. So my my general quality of life has improved recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

That was kind of you Stan to say hey device. Yeah. So that we don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

mess up all of our listeners. Right. Or or activate the four devices in this room that I'm recording

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

that have a device enabled. Right. Yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

So Alright. We got some bad intel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

this week. Bad intel. Yeah. You want you want to tell us about this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

our good buddy Patrick Sturtevant,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

expert in all things Marvel and Marvel Cinematic Universe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

He found some intel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

that said that Avengers endgame tickets were rumored to be going on sale at 9AM

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

on Friday morning. This is last Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

And we get to what was it? Like, 09:45

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:36]

central time, and I'm saying so no tickets yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

Either Patrick didn't stipulate what time zone was 9AM

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

they weren't going on sale

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

that Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

Turns out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

Patrick got bad intel. Can do you have any guesses where his intel would have come from?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

I mean, there's no universe in which he would have trusted Reddit, is there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

So he he says that we're behind the times because we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

don't like Reddit and don't use Reddit, but that is indeed where his 9AM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

ticket sale time came from. Like, random people on Reddit. We could go post on Reddit anything we wanted to right now. I I feel like this speaks for itself, John. I I don't I don't think we need to defend our lack of interest in Reddit. I I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

Patty has proved us right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

Right. So as of recording,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

still no Avengers endgame tickets.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

There's rumors that pastor Borghart will be coming. I've not seen a flight itinerary. Have you? He's not coming. He's not coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

I listen. You don't believe it? Yeah. When when I get a flight itinerary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

then I will believe it. But, you know, it's it's, it's like the boy that tried to drive. Right? He's been saying, oh, I'm gonna buy a ticket for weeks now. So as far as I'm concerned, the endgame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

festivities are you, me, and Patrick, which is fine. I mean, we'd love to have Borgard. It'd be great. We're gonna do That's why we invited him. Yeah. We're gonna do either the IMAX or the Dolby Cinema craziness. I haven't decided which yet. Or both. How far away are they from each other?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

It's a steakhouse in between them. It's it's about forty five minutes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

away. But the other thing go again on Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

That is that is true. Although, doesn't Patrick leave on Friday?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

Yeah. He leaves Friday morning, but you and I could go. Oh, that's true. That's true. We could take missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

Well, we need to do that. I gotta I gotta figure out the babysitter situation because she is not going to be happy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

if she makes it through the first weekend or the opening weekend rather and doesn't see it. Although Right. Now that I think about it, she might not have seen it the first weekend that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

Infinity War was out. I'll have to check because I definitely somehow She's all in now. Yeah. Yeah. She is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

She's she's hardcore. You need to love your wife and make sure that she has an opening weekend Avengers ticket. Dude, listen. The problem the problem is not lack of love or lack of money. It's lack of finding a valid babysitter. It's just that simple. So you can stay home, watch the kids, and missus Lemon and I will go see it again in whatever we don't see it on Thursday night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

Okay, John. It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

was worth a shot. If missus Coalmeyer didn't have to teach, she would come,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

and she would watch the kids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

But she likes she likes the Marvel movies too, so we'd have to figure out. She went on Thursday or Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

we'll cross that bridge. But he's teaching, so it doesn't work. We'll cross that bridge when it comes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:42]

So I am gonna bring my bicycle down though, Stan. Oh, my. Well, hopefully, the weather is conducive to doing something with it. I It's got it's gotta be better than it was when we rode the week of Thanksgiving that one year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

You only didn't like that because you spun out and collapsed in the mud. Spun out because you led me astray. The first time I've been on a bike in ten years, and you say, hey, John, go first through all this slick mud around your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

tires with absolutely no width on them and no traction. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

Crazy talk. Crazy talk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

Anyways. So the moral of the story, don't trust Reddit for the release date of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

Endgame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

tickets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

thinking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

that they are most likely to happen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

in April at this point. So I think Patrick was speculating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

the second,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

which seems odd that it'd be a Tuesday, but I I just I think that April,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

are most likely to come out. I don't think they're gonna come out much earlier than that at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

Right. Well, there's not that much time left anymore, Stan. No. We're we're definitely the the clock is ticking. We're in the end game now. Hopefully, they don't come out before this airs, and then people can tell how uninformed we are. Yeah. Well, we're uninformed even if we came out in a timely fashion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:58]

True. Alright, John. Big week for Apple. I was out of town. I was in San Francisco all week for work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

And I I told you before I left that I would not be able to respond to messages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

like normal because I'd be in meetings and conferences and things of that sort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

But I did, on several occasions, open up messages and have, like, a 100 messages from you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

and some of our other friends about the Apple releases. This this seems to really trouble you this week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

So it didn't trouble me. I was so excited because Monday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:33]

new iPads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:34]

Tuesday, new AirPods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:36]

No. Tuesday was iMacs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:39]

Wednesday, new iPods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:40]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:41]

AirPods,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

not iPods. Are iPods still a thing? I don't think they are. I I think the iPod touch still exists, but the traditional,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

the classic iPod is gone. Yeah. Alright. You're really showing how uninformed we are and how badly we need editing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

So three days, Apple releases things via news release. Those three things in years past would have been their own Apple event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

There is an Apple event scheduled for well, it will have happened by the time it was airs. It was on Monday. We'll talk about that next week, I'm sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

So I was thinking they were gonna release something every day, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, leading up to the new event. Stopped on Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:24]

But it's odd

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:27]

hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

The AirPods have been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:31]

updated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

with cool wireless charging and things like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

and it just came out in a press release.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

I I think it's just a simple time constraint. So my guess is that you take a particular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

product and you evaluate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

like, how much of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

your revenue it holds. Right? And so there's a there's a threshold. Right? They're they're going for least the suspicion is we'll know after after this is released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

They're gonna do some kind of services based announcement on Monday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

They want more services based revenue, so they're gonna draw more attention to it. That that keynote can only be so long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

So you take a look at the AirPods. Right? They're they're awesome. Probably one of the best products that I have purchased from Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

in a long time. Like, I I just I really love them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

I don't think a ton of people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

own those. Now granted, I was just in San Francisco, and everybody and their mother was walking around with AirPods in, but in general Looking like cyborgs? Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's, you know, it's like these little

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

teardrops coming out of everybody's ears, But I don't I don't think that the general consumer, the general, like, iPhone user, which, you know, is obviously Apple's largest product. I don't think they're walking around with AirPods. Maybe they should be, but I think that's, again, why the AirPods got delegated to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

press release. Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

that said, you don't have AirPods. Right? I do not. Okay. Mostly because I just don't like the form factor of AirPods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

or anything. Do you is it the in ear thing you don't like or, like, what's the deal? Yeah. Okay. Alright. That's And they just don't they don't fit my ear real well. That's that's fair. So the AirPods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

were revolutionary in the sense that they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

had a special chip in them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

that allowed them to basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

pair with multiple devices in a way that was not painful. Right? And the like, that was truly revolutionary. It sounds really trivial, but the fact of the matter is if you had Bluetooth headphones before, you pair them with a device, and then you do have to switch to another device, and it was just an awful experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

It was unpleasant to the point that some people would buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

multiple Bluetooth headphones that were device specific. Right? So I'd have one for my laptop. I'd have one for my desktop. I'd have one for my phone. Not me literally, but just saying in general. Right. I I will say I did have two pairs of Bluetooth headphones prior to the AirPods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

I had a pair for my computer and a pair for my phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

and I just never used them with my iPad, never used them with my desktop. It was it was really frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

This new chip, and I I think was it the h one chip or whatever that because they're they're always using letters these days. Right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

Really was a game changer. I think the fact that they were wireless, less of a big deal. I think the the other novelty is that they were not connected. Right? I didn't have a wire running behind my head, which was the other kind of big deal. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

they had some Siri controls through a gesture a tap gesture, which is fine. I can honestly say that I've maybe used that twice in the total time that I've had my AirPods. Once the day that you got them just to test it out? Yeah. And the other time was probably on accident.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

So the like, that's not it's just not a really compelling feature for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

I get it. Like, I I definitely see some value in it, but, you know, it is what it is. I also would say this, I don't really use them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

like, at work to talk to. I use I use the actual mic that I'm using now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

But, you know, the audio input is fine. Like, for a phone call, it's adequate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

So the the question is I was like, alright. What can they do? Like, where can they take this to the next level? It sounds like they've improved some of that wirelessness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

like connectivity between devices. They've improved that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

Made it faster,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

so reduce the latency, which, you know, they're not slow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

but I I get it. Like, faster would be better. It usually is. Do you remember when touch ID got, like, 10 times faster?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

Yep. Yeah. That was nice. It it it brought it to a new level. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

The the other thing that they did is they actually enabled the, hey, device, like, phrase

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

into the unit itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

Right? So rather than do a touch gesture, now you can just say it and supposedly headphones will pick up. One of the things that I wonder is, okay, I say, device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

How many different things are going to pick that up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

you know, at at the same time? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

Is that is that worth it? I don't know. I like, I find the Hey device stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

mildly frustrating at times. Same with the, you know, the one that begins with an a that you use from Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

I the thing that interests me the most about this is the wireless charger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

do you have an iPhone that charges wirelessly?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

I do. Do you have a wireless charger?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

I do because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

WordCamp US last December,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

Bluehost was giving them out. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

So Back in my day, Bluehost just gave around little batteries for Yeah. For charging devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

do you use it? Like, do you actually use it regularly?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

I don't generally. I should bring it home. I have it sitting on my desk at work, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:39]

I don't my don't use my phone enough that it needs to be charged all the time. So Okay. So I use my wireless chargers. I I have one from Anchor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

that I got,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

I don't know, with my last phone because my iPhone eight had it. I've got a 10 s now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

I love it. And I I actually we've got, I think, four wireless chargers in the house. So there's one in the kitchen, one on my side of the bed, one on Sarah's side of the bed, and one in my office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

Right? So I don't I don't plug it in at all. And it's it's fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

idea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

or the thought that I would not have to plug in my AirPods to charge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

is really appealing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

Apparently, you can buy just the case for these new AirPods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

So I would love

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

get a watch with wireless charging

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

because that's just annoying to charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Yeah. I I I definitely get that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

think that will come with time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

I don't know. It's I wonder actually if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

it would work with the existing inductive charging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

It'd be worth playing around with. I will want to research that and see if it works with the existing inductive charging because I feel like I've seen charging mats that will do your phone and watch at the same time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

But that's not that's not an Apple thing. Right? And and that that actually brings up another interesting thing that everybody expected would happen this week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

which was the air charger. I don't even remember what they're calling it, but Apple's wireless charging pad, which I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

is intended to cover your phone, your AirPods, and your watch, ideally. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

But, again, hasn't come out yet. What about iPads, Dan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

I think that's a long ways coming. I think the device is just too big. But Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

I shouldn't say it's not the device size. It's really the the battery size and the amount of juice that it needs. But yeah. Right. So all this to say, John, I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

Is there any possibility of you buying AirPods?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

I would say not a very high possibility at this point. Okay. Maybe if I go in and try them out or something, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:48]

I I just don't like the form factor. I would much rather have my over over the ear things. Yeah. Alright. I get that. I will tell you, I do appreciate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

the over the ear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

Beats headphones that I think both you and I got with our Mac laptops when we bought them because they were they were free for time or whatever. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

have the same chip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

that the AirPods have, which Right. I'm stoked about. The thing and I think I vented about this before. The thing I don't like about them is that they have the micro USB input rather than lightning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

And what I what I really want, the thing that actually prevents me from taking them with me when I travel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

is I have to have yet another cable. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

when I travel, I really only take I take my laptop charger, and I take a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

USB c to lightning cable. I take just one, and then I gotta take my watch charger because that's that's the odd man out. But Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

I would have to do another cable, and I just I don't know. Something about that bothers me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:46]

Yeah. You are the professional tech traveler now, Stan. Do you have a specific bag that you take, like, if you're gonna go work at a coffee shop? You don't really work at coffee shops anymore, do you? I don't do that very often. I so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

if I have a small bag that just fits my laptop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

and a charger. It's got a small pocket on the outside, doesn't have a lot else to it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

if I'm not traveling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

on a plane, typically, I will take with me. Because it's light, it's small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

I have taken it with me to like Atlanta, and I will actually throw it in my roller bag.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

I I have a backpack and then I have a side bag that I use too depending on the circumstance. Basically, if I know I have to be doing a lot of walking, I take the backpack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

If I'm not doing a lot of walking, I take the shoulder bag.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

So there you go. But they're all Right. Those are both Timbuktu products. I'm a big Timbuktu fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

And Timbuktu's are too expensive for me. So They're totally worth it. My my roller bag actually is a Timbuktu bag, and it's Are they waterproof? Could I could I commute with one? You know, I I think they make waterproof bags. The ones I have are not. They're like water resistant or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

I don't know. They protect my equipment. They've got the right balance of pockets, and my backpack has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

a beer cap popper on it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:05]

There you go. Yeah. That's all you need. Exactly. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

Alright. AirPods, that was one of the announcements this week. The other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

one that I thought was pretty significant was the iMacs. Now I don't have an iMac. I haven't had an iMac in probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

ten

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

Have you ever had an iMac?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

I have not. Okay. Personally, no. The the iMac has always intrigued me. I've always suspected that one of the five k units was in my future, but every time I go to buy a Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

I bought I'm curious, did this announcement even interest you at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

Not particularly. No. I mean, I would look at it more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

maybe if we were bringing on more people at work and need to buy them computers or something like that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

One of the things so this has been a, like, a flagship product. Right? And Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

They took the longest period of time to update it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

with this most recent release.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

Right? They just they they kinda stalled on doing any kind of performance boost, and I think that concern people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

The Internet has been upset because of two things. One, there was no physical body change. Right? Right. I guess it's been something like seven years since they've changed the form factor of the iMac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

which I I don't know. It's Alright. Do you care?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

No. I mean, it's a beautiful machine. Like, you look at it, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

I don't know that they need to change anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

They made it smaller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

They made it smaller fairly recently. It hasn't been seven years, has it? I that's what I read on the Internet. We'll have to we'll have to do some back checking, but I I don't think it's significantly changed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

in quite some time. Right. I struggle with this because, like, what are they gonna do to change it? Right? Like, it is Right. It's as simplistic and streamlined, I think, as you could you could make it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

So that's that's been the Internet's, you know, primary complaint that I've seen. You know what's really annoying about the iMacs?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

What, John? So you know how it comes with the what is it? It's the mouse.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

Is it just the Apple mouse? What do they call it? A little white thing? Yeah. I think it's just the Apple mouse, John. So they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

they come with that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

rechargeable mouse.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

You can't actually use the mouse when it is plugged in charging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

Oh, right. Because the lightning thing goes up to the the bottom. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

Yeah. I think that's an odd choice. I don't I don't really understand. So I haven't used

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

I'm gonna show my colors here. I haven't used an Apple mouse since

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

I think, like, religiously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

since the Mighty Mouse. There

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

was the it was it was a double a battery power mouse that had certain swipe gestures, but it was a single

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

surface.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

That I used a little bit, but I didn't care for it, and it actually it kinda bothered my hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

But do you remember the Mighty Mouse?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

I remember you being obsessed with the Mighty Mouse. I don't think I ever had one. Oh, it was fantastic. So it had two buttons on the top, and it had a side button

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

that you could use. But the thing that was the killer feature to me, and it was it was white and it was elegant. It was just like this rounded pill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

But the thing that was the killer feature was it had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

little, like, scrolly thingy. Right? But it was a ball and it allowed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

full 360

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

degree motion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

Right. And I I mean, it was it was unbelievable. I I loved it. That to me, I think it was the first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

it was the first mouse that I can remember that allowed me to scroll diagonally on a document. Not that I did that a lot, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

but it was cool. It was it's just I think the other thing too was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

that third button

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

was convenience that I wouldn't hit it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

You know, and actually, now that I say this, there were two buttons on the top, but I don't think they were actually segmented. I think it was just pressure related. It was just it was a beautiful mouse. I I wish that Apple made a mouse like that to this day. If I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

might eventually wore out. Right? I used it to death. If if they still made them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

I would have one. If they still made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

or if I could buy new ones and just have them stocked up, I probably would have done that too. But today, I use an Evolent, which is not a Mac product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

and I and I like it. I'm I'm happy, but I miss the Mighty Mouse.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:25]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

Well, we'll get there someday, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

New mouses or it's just gonna go all touchscreen, and then I don't know what to do with myself because I use my laptop almost exclusively.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

Well, someday you'll come into the the modern era here, John. Maybe. So here's the other thing about the iMac that I think is worth mentioning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

It did not have the t two chip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

You and I have the t two chip in our

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

The iMac, I believe, had the t one chip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

Maybe I'm remembering that right. Debuted it. Anyhow, the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

gist is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

that the t two is the secure enclave. It's got the touch ID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

and it also has a controller for SSDs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

interestingly enough, the iMac is the last computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

that you can order with a spinning disc on it, which I think is unfortunate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

I'm not entirely I think it's maybe a cost saving measure, so they can offer a super cheap version, but then you're you're basically SSDs aren't outrageous anymore. They're they're not. And I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

struggle to be able to recommend to someone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

to buy a computer that has a 5,400 r p m spinning in it. Like, I just Right. I can't feel good about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

So I think I I think this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

frustration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

is warranted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

with Apple in terms of, like, the the community is is annoyed that they didn't bump everything up to Spinney's, that they didn't put a t two in this this machine. I think that's a poor choice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:56]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

But, hey, it was an update. It was an update. It was an update, and the the boosts are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

good. Right? They're they're good too. Just be could be a staging update for bigger plans that they have in a year or two years,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

and just kinda buying time towards that. Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

Yeah. I hope that the Spinneys and Fusion drives go away here soon. But Yeah. Anyhow Spinneys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

Now, John, what iPad do you have today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:25]

I have an iPad mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

It's old gen. Pretty old, isn't it? Third gen, I think. Yeah. It's well, that's probably why I don't use it that much. So if you have the third gen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

isn't the fourth gen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

the version before the one they just released?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

I think so. Does yours even have a retina display?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:47]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

Wow. It doesn't. Alright. This is this is like a new level of cheap for you, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

curious,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

your your iPad's slow. Have you thought about buying a new one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:02]

Not real recently. I think that it would be nice to have a new one, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:07]

I can't justify the cost because right now I'm not using it. Now you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:11]

for the longest time, were not using an iPad,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:14]

then you bought a new one and your iPad use increased exponentially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

Yeah. So I had an iPad mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

I I can't remember now who recommended

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

I get the iPad mini,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

or maybe I just spring for it. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

it it was like, this is iPhones were smaller,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

and I wasn't I miss those days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

I wasn't really using a Kindle at the time, so I I used it to do a lot of reading. I didn't do much authorship on it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

and it I I think it's interesting. I'm not like, I didn't go into thinking, oh, I wanna author on the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

But once I had it, like, that device didn't really encourage me to do any kind of authorship.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

So I eventually got rid of it, got an iPad Air,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

used that a little bit. And then eventually, bought an iPad Pro, the 10 and a half with the first iPad or the first pencil rather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

and I use that device all the time. So when I travel for work like I did this week, I take that with me. That's my personal device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

I I do a ton of stuff on it, right, in the evenings when I'm done, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

Check websites, do email,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

spreadsheets, the whole nine yards. Right? I I love that device. Now what's been interesting is this set of releases finally refreshed the iPad mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

It also added a new iPad to the mix, the iPad Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

I'm not actually sure like, neither of these purchases interest me in the slightest. I thought that maybe they would interest you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:48]

So I like the mini form factor. I don't know that I would buy another one though

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

because the phone is so big now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:59]

Yeah. I I'm just not sure I would spring for an iPad mini there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:03]

The iPad Air basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:06]

is in between the iPad and the iPad Pro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:10]

Yeah. And But it, like, doesn't have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:14]

I don't know. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

it's a slightly bigger screen. Right? So it actually matches the size of screen that I have on my iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

I I think it's got true tone, which I believe the other one doesn't. It's got a slightly faster chip because it's newer. I think they'll eventually revise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

the original iPad there and, you know, that'll that'll get adjusted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

Supports the pencil if you wanna do that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

but I don't believe it's as fast. And I I suspect that there's probably some other trade offs that you're making.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

I you know, I I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

I think at this point, if I were going to buy a new iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

I would I would still want the Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

It's it's just so stinking fast. You know, you've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

I I think doesn't the new iPad Pro support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

face ID? That was the thing that was Right. Like, in of interest to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

So the Air doesn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

the price point is marginally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

higher, if I recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

than the straight iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

Right. So there yeah. It's oh, no. It's a little more than marginally. So this is $4.99,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

and isn't the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

let me pull up the the base iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

Starts at $3.29. The base iPad starts at $3.29,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

and the new iPad Air starts at $4.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

compared with the Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

which starts at a whopping $7.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

So you've got four choices in the iPad space. I don't know who uses the mini anymore. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

Like, if you want a mini, why don't you just get an iPhone, you know, 10

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

plus or whatever?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

Because the mini is cheaper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

It it is until you start doing the upgrades. Right? Like, go to the cellular and then you've got another recurring bill and there's all that stuff. So I I I don't know. Like, I think if the mini,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

guess, mini does support the pencil, and that that is that is another reason for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

I don't use my pencil that much. I I thought I would use it more than I do. Wouldn't she use it even less on a mini? I mean, maybe use it more like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:18]

like a notepad or something like that, but you aren't gonna be doing a lot of like illustration on a mini, are you? I don't I don't think so. To me, it doesn't seem like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

an illustration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

type device. I think you want the bigger canvas for that. I actually think that's maybe the most compelling reason for the 12 inch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:35]

Right. IPad. But Yeah. We got a graphic designer who works in our building who has the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:41]

12 inch pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

and he's using it all the time doing sketches and stuff like that. And that's a neat device. It's huge. But to me, yeah. It's huge. It's less portable, and so that's that's why it doesn't appeal to me. I like the 10 and a half, I think, they made the keyboard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

a bit bigger, and and that really, I think, helped me in terms of using it for productivity reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

I should should fully disclose. I've never hooked my iPad up to a keyboard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

and it's not been a problem for me. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

Right. You know, your mileage may vary. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

I I still I don't know. I'm just not I'm not sure who the iPad mini is for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

I I know that there's a small following of avid iPad mini users out there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

I I feel like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

the 10 s plus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

probably will cover most needs there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

and those that aren't covered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

probably actually would be more comfortable with a bigger device. That's my hypothesis could be wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

You know? Yeah. And I mean, the iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:43]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

all of the current version of iPads are so much lighter and more portable than, like, the first and second gen iPads. Oh, yeah. Those things you go pick up one of those, it's heavy. It feels heavy. Yeah. I mean, it was it was, like, literally cramping of the hand to hold it for extended periods of time. That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

was one thing that blew me away when I bought my Pro was just how absolutely light

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

the the iPad Air to me is the iPad of compromise or trade offs. You can choose whichever word is more palatable to you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

but that's kind of the way that I see it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:21]

So it looks like you can get more storage on the Air

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

and it has support for the smart

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:27]

keyboard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

whereas the iPad itself doesn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

But you could still do a Bluetooth chip with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

the with the old iPad or the regular iPad. Yep. Excuse me. Let me ask you a question about the storage, John. If you were buying an iPad today, again, money's not an option. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

Or maybe it's an option, but you've you've got the funds available. So it's it's not weighing too heavily. What would you do storage wise?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:53]

I think I there's no reason to bump up from, like, the smallest storage level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

Which is what? 64 gig? I think 64 is the smallest now. Yeah. So do you remember when I got my phone, the debate that I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

about storage?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:09]

I remember.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:11]

You you wanted lots and lots of storage in your mind,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:14]

and I think I was the one who asked you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:17]

how much storage are you actually using on your devices now, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

Right. And it turned out to be a lot less. So before I went on this trip to San Francisco, I had and my iPad Pro, I think I got a two fifty six gig

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

storage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

Yeah. I I think I even paid extra for it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

it was alarming how much was free. So here's what I did, John. I downloaded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

every single

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

Marvel Cinematic Universe movie I had Nice. Before I left. Because I was like, you know what? If I wanna watch one, why should I have to choose?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

Right. And I also download a couple Star Wars movies, and I think I'm gonna download Apollo 13 too. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

all of that on my iPad. You're just missing the godfather now. Yeah. I I should I really should buy that. I only have that on DVD.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

But then I also downloaded some music as well, couple gigabytes of music, and I still have, like, a 100 gigabyte free on the the device. Right. So that was a poor choice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

On my And how much of that stuff that you actually put on did you make use of? I'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

I'd wound up not watching any of those movies because I was on a United flight with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

free

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

movies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

that were recent that I didn't own. So I on the flight out, I watched the Crimes of Grindelwald.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:30]

I watched most of Bohemian Rhapsody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

On the way back, I finished Bohemian Rhapsody and I watched First Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

Yeah. So I I have not seen First Man or Bohemian Rhapsody.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:41]

I did go to see the Crimes of Grindelwald

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

when it was still in theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

Was not a fan. I to me, it's like an x men trope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:51]

Right? Yeah. Maybe. So the dynamic between Dumbledore and Grindelwald

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

resembles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

to me, like, the Xavier Magneto dynamic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

And in that regard, it just didn't feel original.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

So I I was I don't know. The other thing too is that those characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

I think it is difficult

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

figure out what the role of those characters in this movie were. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

Rowling was throwing so much new stuff at you that didn't really give any of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

I I felt like enough time to actually do some character development,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:28]

you know. Like, we got a little snippet into Dumbledore, but there's a lot that's not explained there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:33]

Yep. Yeah. I overall, I just wasn't a fan. I was kind of a let down after Fantastic Beasts. Yeah. So Fantastic Beasts was, no pun intended, fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

And this one left a little bit to be desired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

Yep. So Bohemian Rhapsody was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

okay. I I I get why people like it. I I think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:55]

it moves a little too fast at times, and the movie literally ends at the end of the Live Aid concert, which I felt was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:02]

I don't know, a little too early.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

There's the I mean, the music is fantastic. I'm a huge Queen fan, so I I I dig it. I I also feel like there's, like, a little bit less explanation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

I I would have explored like, appreciate a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

exploration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:19]

into what was going on in Freddie Mercury's mind as his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

persona's evolving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:24]

over over the course of the movie, you know. So there's that. Interesting. Now because I'm on a roll.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:31]

First man? Yeah. Does that interest you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:34]

Yeah. I wanna see it. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:36]

it is the most nauseating movie to watch on a plane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:40]

Yeah. The cinematography

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

it's it's just really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

violent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

Like, it's just lots of shakes and swings, and so when you're on a plane, the slightest bit of turbulence is just like really got to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

I would love to know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:59]

Neil Armstrong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

is as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:02]

stoic or was as stoic in real life as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

Ryan Gosselin portrays him. Right? That's it's Ryan Gosselin. I'm not I don't remember that. I have no idea. I think that's right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

Because it was almost like the absence of character in the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:17]

and that was a little frustrating to me. I really didn't appreciate the the camera. Like, the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

cinematography of it was pretty frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

You know, but it's a good story. I think, you know, this this movie took a lot of criticism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

for not showing the American flag planted on the moon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

which I I don't I don't under I don't understand that criticism at all. I don't, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

I don't know. Again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:50]

I I tend to, like, not read too much into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

the those kind of choices in a film,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

but I think this movie was fine. I would recommend watching it. It's not like, to me, it's not going to go on the shelf next to Apollo 13. Right? Like, it's not of that caliber. It's nowhere near that caliber,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

but it it was a good film.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:10]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:12]

by the time this podcast airs, Apple will have announced their streaming service, and then you won't need to download any of those things on your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:21]

iPad anyway or phone. Here's here's open.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

I think, well, I might still download them, but I don't know if I'll buy them. Right? That's the potential Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

We'll see. We'll see. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:34]

Well, we have one more thing on our little list of ideas, but we don't need to talk about that this week. Oh, come on, John. With a title like under attack.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:42]

Under attack? Yeah. Tell me about this. Do it even though we're longing in. Yeah. So this week was crazy at work. We had things pop up that I was not expecting, including

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:51]

two websites that got hacked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:53]

One due to a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:56]

pretty much bad hosting provider and the other due to a vulnerable WordPress plugin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:03]

What saved

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:04]

us and the clients

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:06]

at the end of the day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:08]

solid backups.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:09]

So this is just your public service announcement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:12]

If you have not backed up your website recently, back it up right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

Just for computer. Not just for website. Yeah. Exactly. Phone and computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:22]

equally important, if not more important, because I think most people that listen to this podcast will not have a website, but they definitely have a phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

and they might have a computer. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:31]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

I I've told I've told, like, my mother this. Right? Like, the the money that you spend for iCloud backup for an iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

is absolutely a 100% worth it. Right? It's what? $2 a month? I mean, it depends on how much you're backing up. So I I think I pay the $10 a month thing because I've got so many photos and I keep all my photos in iCloud as well. But but seriously, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:55]

just just ask yourself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

what what is the most important thing you have stored digitally?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:00]

For me, it comes down to two things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:03]

passwords

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

and photos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

Right? And, I mean, depending on what what day and what's going on, one may be more valuable to me than the other. Right? Like, I I I might be able to recover some passwords,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

maybe. Right. I don't know. But the photos, those are memories. Right? And I have I have photos going all the way back to high school when I got my first digital camera. All those are on iCloud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:24]

If I were to lose some of those photos, I'd be losing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:27]

you know, things that that I highly value. So it's totally worth it to have backup. I I do iCloud. I also do Backblaze.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:35]

Some people believe you also need something physical in your house. I don't really do that, but, you know, your your mileage may vary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:42]

So there you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:44]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:45]

Back up your stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:47]

It's worth it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:48]

And and don't use don't use WordPress because then you won't have to worry about getting hacked as much as much. I didn't say you don't have to worry about getting hacked, just not as much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:00]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:02]

Let's call that an episode, Stan. Alright, John. Good luck with all the editing this week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:06]

I'll do my best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:08]

Until next time. See you.

