---
title: Did we order new devices?
episode: 153
date: '2021-09-23T18:54:12.000Z'
slug: did-we-order-new-devices/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The discussion focuses on Apple's new Focus feature in iOS 15, which allows
  users to create custom environments for work, school, or personal activities.
  The feature provides advanced automation capabilities, including do not
  disturb, notifications, and home screen customization. Users can set up their
  focus based on location, time of day, or specific apps, making it a powerful
  tool for managing distractions and increasing productivity.
keywords:
  - Apple Focus
  - iOS 15
  - Do Not Disturb
  - Notification Automation
  - Home Screen Customization
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

Is your beer ready to drink yet, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

Maybe. Not yet. I don't know. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

I kicked it last night, and I put it up at high PSI, which means it's probably too early, but it might not be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

And the bottom line is I need to get some cans of Bell's Official so I can side by side with mine and see, like, you know, how things vary. So Hopefully, they are closer than our wines were.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

I can't remember if I told you. Sorry. I'm eating a cookie. I'm eating a cookie from Chalamet Cookies, which is an idiot now. Sponsor?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

No. They should be. They should be. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

I I've told you about this place. Right? Like, Sarah won me free cookies once on Instagram.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

Didn't you send some to your team or something at work too? I did. Yeah. And everybody loved them. They're very unique. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

guy and his mom bake them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

they have a Filipino heritage, they they I guess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

there's, like, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

angle of that. Like, they use some dried fruit in some of these, and they're just very different flavors. They're they're so cool. They're I I don't know. I really like it. Next time you're here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

I will hook you up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

along with some some beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

So I I I was starting to say, I used

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

live yeast on this beer, and I've never done that before. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

also had, or we had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

a few missteps

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

in the production of beer. Lots of trouble with your brews.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

Well Last one turned out pretty good, though. Yeah. It did. It did. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

last time was sort of out of my control and that I couldn't predict that it would get so warm outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

This one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

we were just doing things we don't understand. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:13]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

But we this one involved oats,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

is so different. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

it also involved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

pilsner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

pills. I don't even know what they're called.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

And we should've left those in and pulled the oats out, and it was just like a whole thing. And we tried.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

It didn't go great. But, you know, it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

So I when I put it in the keg last night, it was properly cloudy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

and it tasted good, but it wasn't carbonated. I don't know if it tasted like official because I I don't like, it's in the ballpark. Right? Like, it tastes like a hazy IPA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

Sure. But the the question becomes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

does it taste like Bell's official hazy IPA? You know? Right. Also, by the way, what a terrible name for a beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

Bell's official. Not, like, the flagship beer. Right? Yeah. Well, there's that, and I'm there's gotta be a story, I'm sure. But, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

when you say I'm I'm making a clone of Bell's official, the Bell's official what? Is it is it authentic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

Bell's official

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

Well, yeah. It's just I don't know, man. Like, it's it's weird. Is it an unofficial Bell's official?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

I'm pretty sure you can't use their label. That would get you in trouble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

Tons of malt in this recipe too. So I, you know, I don't know, man. We'll we'll see how it all how it all shakes out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

I I kicked it last night, which went smooth as butter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

It's it looks like it's properly chilled. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

checked the pressure and shook it around a little bit earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

I'm going to probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

do a sample just to see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

how it comes out. Like, I'm not saying that that I'm gonna be, like, committed to, to having a full glass,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

Are you gonna drink it out of one of your Bell's glasses?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

Well, actually, yeah. I I should aren't glasses there. No. They're metal Tin cups. Yeah. Tin cups. But one actually is labeled official.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

So, you know There you go. But so here's the description of Bell's official for those who are keeping track at home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

It says two of our favorite ingredients come together in this Brewhouse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

pungent American hops and delicious wheat malt. This hazy IPA I'm not sure I would use pungent, by way. Like, I don't think that actually is a is a really great word for something that you want people to put in their mouth, but whatever. This hazy IPA is double dry hopped, a combination of mosaic, citra, alzaca, amarillo, and Eldorado hops. I can testify. There were a ton of hops,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

resulting in complex peach, stone fruit, and tropical notes with a dry finish and balanced bitterness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

A refined beer for those who love hops and for those who prefer wheat beers. Go ahead and make it official.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

So I guess that's where the name comes from, but still dumb name, good beer, what are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

we'll have to report next week then. Oh, I'm I'm sure I will. Although, we're gonna record a little late next week because I'm, I'm doing some traveling, but what? Did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:17]

I know this? I did know this. Yeah. You knew this. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

So okay. Today is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

release day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

It is. Yeah. So we're recording this on Monday, the twentieth, which means iOS 15 and iPadOS 15, watchOS eight, HomePod 15,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

t v o s 15.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

I think at least I think it's 15. All those things just dropped today. Wait. Did the new OSs really drop for TV and HomePod?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:44]

Yeah. I I didn't try those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

I honestly don't even know what is different. The HomePod's got some kind of Siri thing different. I mean, we'll I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

Yeah. They they all drop. This is like I mean. Except for Mac OS. Right. Well and and that's because Mac OS is not, like, leveraging as much of the same stuff. Like, it's it's basically a different ecosystem. As as much as they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

alike, they're still very distinct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

But before we get into iOS 15, which I really just wanna talk about one thing, we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

should we should rewind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

a wee bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

last Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

Last Friday. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

So Friday was the seventeenth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

Yep. September 17 was the date that Apple was going to allow preorders

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

for iPhones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

Yep. I believe they allowed preorders for the iPad mini right away, didn't they? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

Yeah. So they did not have an iPad mini physically in store when I showed up on Saturday morning to take a look at equipment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

Good for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

Wait. Wait. What? Because if they did, then you would have bought it. It that's that's definitely likely. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

they actually didn't have any of the new equipment, which surprised me. I thought they would at least have the mini,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

you know, I don't know what it is. I was also thinking that maybe they would have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

the new wallet for the back. So we wound up we just looked at, you know, iMacs because that's what I'm always gonna do. And, looked at iPads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

Missus Lemon tried out the AirPods Max.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

We looked at watch bands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

We've I think I've come to the conclusion that there is not a watch band small enough to fit Evelyn's wrist. Like, I think they're all too big. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

sorry, kid. You're gonna be waiting for a watch for a bit. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

What about the older two? Well, I mean, I'm not worried about Henry. Like, his his wrists are just slightly smaller. Yeah. But does that mean they get watches when Evelyn's left out? Well, see, Lucy bought her own, so that problem's solved. True. Lucy has a way of making money much faster than the other two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

So I don't know. I don't know. John, like, that's a whole there's a there's a dynamic there I don't really wanna deal with. The fact of the matter is the watches don't fit right now. I can't please everybody, so I'm gonna please no one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

But the question is, on the seventeenth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

what time did you wake up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

Seven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

Seven? Your local time? Okay. Yeah. So that would have been exactly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

when preorders would have opened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

No way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

They opened at five Pacific? Five Pacific. Yeah. Oh. Eight 8AM eastern.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

So I got up. I got missus Lemon up, which is a chore in and of itself. Everybody was awake. I was even dressed, showered and dressed, sitting, waiting with the phone, so I could place my preorder,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

and missus placed her preorder. I will tell you what I got in just a second, but, John, did you order anything?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

So I don't really wanna answer this question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

I did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

build out an iPhone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

but then I did not hit buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Are you kidding me?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

So you still have not ordered a new iPhone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

I have not. And by the time I actually looked, like, delivery date was out to October 15 or something like that. So It does not take long my friend. However, you should I mean, if you're so serious about this, you might wanna pull the trigger before it becomes November 15. So I I had sticker shocks, Dan, and I didn't wanna spend the money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

maybe we hit December or something and I buy it or we're talking about this again next March and you're gonna talk me out now at this point, you should just wait.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

So we shall see. What I think will probably happen Such a business cycle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

Missus Colmire's phone will break

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

at some point, and then I will buy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

phones for both of us. So should I be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

telling missus Colmire right now to take her device and drive over it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

But that would that would expedite the whole situation, would it not? It probably would. Man, I cannot believe you didn't order anything. So what alright. What what did you configure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

when you were thinking about buying?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:04]

So I was configuring the Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:09]

regular size screen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

I did click on the two fifty six gigabyte for promotion and everything like that. Of course, you did. Of course, you did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

You got sucked in, and that's why sticker shock The blue color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

The blue color. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

Sierra blue. Did you consider

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

maybe getting just a 13,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

I guess, the larger 13

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

in the blue color at just $1.28.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:39]

I considered it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:41]

but, you know, it's what? $200 difference?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

Should, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

Yes. It's it's a $200 difference, but if if the sticker shot gets to you like that's that's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

mean, it's $200. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:56]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

I don't know, Stan. I built it out and I thought, do I really need this right now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

And the answer was no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

So just to be clear, the time you're going to need it is the next time you're gonna drive. Right? Because the last time you drove and, like, went somewhere I I I know you drive periodically, but the last time you actually went for a trip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

your phone drove you nuts because of the battery juice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

Oh, yeah. When I was just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:25]

driving around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

So, like, the actual trip itself doesn't matter because I have it plugged in pretty much the whole time. Plugged in the Yeah. Whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

So this but this is the thing, John. Right? Like, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

are not gonna just be able to drop on a dime and go get a new phone the next time you go on a trip. You gotta you have plan ahead.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:41]

Here's what's gonna happen, Stan. Okay. My my next important trip that's actually planned

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

is in March, March 14,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:50]

and phones will be absolutely critical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

on that trip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

Oh, okay. So first of all, why would a phone matter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

on a cruise, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:01]

Because literally everything runs through their navigator app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:07]

Menus,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

like the help desk you're supposed to queue,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

queues to get off at ports,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

literally everything. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

So by March, you probably have to do something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

I mean, you could you could just get a battery pack for your eight. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

What is the likelihood that that happens?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

Yeah. Right now, I'll say fifty fifty. Fifty fifty. Just just to be clear too, it is if you were looking at the 256

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

gigabyte storage, it is a $300 difference between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

13 with one twenty eight and thirteen pro with 56. Okay. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

I like, that's not a drop in the bucket, man. That's that's legit legit cash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

Did you have any trading value for eight? Did you look at that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

it's kind of dicey because it depends on how they define major scratches on the phone body.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

John. How how bad are the scratches on your phone body? Like, they're visible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

They're kinda all over the place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

Let alright. Let me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

is is there a possibility that you would keep this phone because they gave you less money for it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:25]

So it's either a $110 if it's in good condition or it's zero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

So Oh, really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

So if you do you know if you wow. Okay. Do you if you send it to them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

and it's zero, will they send it back?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:40]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

I I feel like you should find that out because then, like, you know, there's no risk there. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

like, it all depends on what they how they define major, and it's not overly clear. John, hold hold your phone up. Let me see this this scratch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

So, like, the top is all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:01]

pretty scratched up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Oh, that's not bad. That's not bad. Okay. You've got no. You're like, it's not, like, dented or anything, but it's just cosmetic really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

Yeah. I it's it's more like hairline stuff. Right? Yeah. Yeah. You're fine. You're fine. Okay. That's that's a $100 phone right there until you break it. It's a $100 phone for missus Colmer until she breaks it too. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

So So basically, what you're doing is you're gambling $200

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

with time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

But at this point, like I cannot believe as long as you waited that you did not pull the trigger on a phone. I really thought because you were quiet about it too. Right? And and that's usually when you're quiet about it, it means you just spent money, you know? Oh, yeah. I do really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

I really hate spending money. Yeah. And you clam up, know, like and then you catch me off guard. You're like, hey, I bought a dog today or hey, I bought a car, you know. Maybe offer on a phone. I was as excited about buying the iPad Air when you were with me and I have not regretted that decision once. Oh. That's a profound statement right there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

So If I didn't have the iPad,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

like, would I have bought the phone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

That's the question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

mean, that's fair. I think the iPad prop actually, here's a question for you. On the cruise, can you just walk around with your iPad?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:20]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

Dude, they I've seen them I've seen them in the nursing I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

should pull up the app to see how bad it looks on the iPad because I don't think it's iPad optimized. So I've I've seen these things in the nursing home. They're like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

they're they're they're basically iPad cases that hang from a lanyard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

and you could just hang it in front. And if I were you, I would even put it on the lock screen like your name, and you just walk around like that. It's like a name tag. There you go. Yeah. See? You got all kinds of ideas. You'll be fine. You you got Wrappers have been doing that with bling for a long time. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This is basically Flavor Flav's, you know, clock. I could even get like a gold case or something. Oh, now we're talking. So here's here's what I think you should do. I think you should forget all possibilities of buying a phone. I think Okay. Your time with phones is over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

I think you should trade in that iPhone for just cash right now. Just be done with the phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

I can see that. Problem is can I can I get my number over to all my other devices so it works with iMessage and Yeah? Just do Google Voice. No. Yeah. IMessage is dead for you. IMessage. You're gonna have to you're gonna have to use an email address. But but you can port the number over to Google Voice and then, you know, you can it'll be like the nineties. You'll get in a car and you'll drive someplace and you won't have any connectivity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

You'll have you'll have something in a bag that you can reference, you know? You can print stuff out from MapQuest just like in the old days too, so you know where you're going. Get one of those those almanacs of maps. It'll be fantastic. And the thing is, think you'll actually like it. But I at this point, I really think you should just see how far you can go with this. You now that you've missed it, right, we know it's not gonna happen before October 15, probably not October 25. In fact, mark my words. Here's my prediction. You will not have a new phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

All Saints Day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

Okay. First week first week of November. I agree.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

Now if you said January 1,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:11]

then it's less sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

Oh, you you think you think this is the Christmas special? This is basically what's out of the tree waiting for you. Will I have a phone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

before the end of the year? That I do not know. That's probably fifty fifty at this time. I don't don't think it'll happen. Before November 1, like, iPhones are probably already shipping. They surpassed that already. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

Yeah. I I think if you have not committed to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

buying an iPhone now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

though we are we're probably looking at the week before the cruise, you'll decide you need one. They will be out of stock,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

and you will be buying an iPhone 10 s eights

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

the eight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

I went into the AT and T store.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

I think that was November or December,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

and bottom there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

Yeah. There's just a difference. Like, global supply chain wasn't totally screwed up, there wasn't a pandemic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

So, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

the days the days when silicon wasn't constrained. In that case, I guess I'm buying an Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

Alright. Well, that that'll be the death of this podcast right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

Oh, lordy. What a what a twist. Like Hey. But but you can face '21 as of today. Could 2021 get any worse? Yes. John, you give an Android phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Hate you, 2021.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

I hate you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

So yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

But I did. I bought a lot of things, and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

second guessed myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

as I do almost every year, right up to the moment I pull the trigger. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

I have a pro. The difference between you and me is you actually pull the trigger. I do. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

And and there's there's usually a point slowly after I pull the trigger where I stop feeling feeling guilty about it too. Right. So, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

know, missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

wanted a pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

Good to go. Alright? I think she got the silver one. She didn't get a mini? No. No. She's you know what? Now she's come around. She's got the big screen. I don't think she's going smaller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

I insisted she get the two fifty six. I can't imagine her taking a lot of ProRes video, but who knows? You know, like, this is a new opportunity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

She will, but it will just be of your kids so that she can send it to you. Yeah. Like, at the pool or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Yep. So, you know, I just figured, like, if you're gonna get this device, you should just get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

the the ProRes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

you know, supported one. I was actually thinking about this too. Everybody was reflecting how, like, the price didn't go up, but it kinda did. You know, just was in a subtle kinda sneaky, almost dirty way. Right? Like, you you can buy the pro phone, but that then get everything unless you spend the extra $100, which is basically what you did in the past when you want the pro phone. You spent more money to get it. So you know. Yep. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

my situation was a little more complicated than missus Lemon's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

So as I told you, I was debating ongoing pro max.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

I waffled I waffled so much last year too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

and I finally decided, you know what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

I'm a do it. I'm a just do it. So I ordered a Pro Max two fifty six gig storage. I like that Sierra Blue even though I'm a cover up with a case. And John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

because I was on a roll, I went ahead and I ordered one of those silly little wallet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

things that slap onto the back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

yeah, I spent a lot of money, but my trade ins were worth more than a $100, so there's that. Yeah. And the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

problem is, I'm a be out of town when they arrive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

Oh, no. I've I've asked FedEx to put a hold. Oh, no. I've never done that before. Because you should just have your neighbor come and grab them off your porch for you. Well, I think I might have to sign for them. That's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

So and and I know FedEx actually just recently sent around an email saying they were reinstituting signatures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

for packages that required them. So, like, it's just a like, that's a whole complicated thing. And then you're basically talking about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

you know, almost $2,500

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

a gear when you factor in cases and stuff. It's not like it's a lot of money to be just sitting on the porch. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:12]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

I don't know. You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

should, pick them up from the store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

Yeah. That well, I did consider that too. I actually spent a lot of time on Saturday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

in the store holding the Pro Max because the the 12 Pro Max is basically the same

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

physical form factor as the 13 Pro Max, getting comfortable with the size of it. And and honestly, like, they're really not that much bigger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

Sounds good. Didn't you get a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

were they pluses at that point? Like, you sent back? I did the six s plus, and I couldn't do it. And I think part of it was jumping from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

the, I think, five s to the six s plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

It was just a huge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

huge jump.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

Since then, you know, I've got all new pants, and I've made sure that I bought pants with bigger pockets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

So that that helps.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

Okay,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

And I've just generally become more adapted to the fact that these devices are getting bigger and bigger. So.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

So no watch?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

Well, as they didn't release it. Can't order yet. Oh, that's right. Later this fall. Yeah. No iPad, though. No iPad. I did not pull the trigger on an iPad mini. Got too many devices in my house as is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:29]

What can I say? That is a discussion for another podcast where we talk about Stamps Networking Woes part three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

Oh my gosh. I just have the worst luck. I really do, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

IPadOS is out, and even though you didn't buy anything, you did install

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

iPadOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

Right? Within an hour of them being released. I I'm actually impressed. I kinda figured you would you would wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

Why?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

I I don't know. It just seems like like you might wait. So historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

like, it's a pain in the butt to download these updates

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:03]

right when they release,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

but I didn't run into that today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

Yeah. There's there's usually a little bit of contention. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

because everybody and their mother who's an Apple, you know, aficionado is is, like, trying to download this update at the same time. You've got caching across the world

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

with each of these,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

servers that they've got a copy of this, you know, regionally for you on the CDN. All that stuff, right, is factored.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

Yep. You got it. I've had it for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

What's, what are your first impressions?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

So I absolutely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

love

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

the iPadOS

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

updates,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

like everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

App library awesome app. Usability,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

like the split screen is actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:49]

usable and isn't a pain in the butt to actually set up. And when you're in split screen, it's easy to go back to not split screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

It's as seamless as I would use on the MacBook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:03]

So that has been awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

Widgets are there. I still have some configuring to do with moving stuff to the Apple library and off the home screen and figure out what widgets I want on the iPad compared

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

to everything else.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

What else? I don't love the Safari look, but it's better than the one they showed off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

Now is that that's Safari on iPad or Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:31]

So Safari on iOS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

I don't love how they did tabs down at the bottom. Oh, I love it. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

I was I was resistant to this at first, but I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

all in now. And the reason is simply because I don't know if you've noticed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

but you can swipe on those tabs at the bottom. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

Yeah. And and so you can you can swipe between the whole tab, and I like, that has been hugely valuable for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

I still think I would like it on top, but different sized phone screen than you. Well, yeah. Exactly. And and my thumb is right there, and I I mean, there's just, like, so much control that happens now with the thumb

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

at the lower in that lower quadrant. I think, you know, if you ever get a new device, which you probably won't,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

you'll, you'll understand. It all makes sense. Yeah. I've also noticed that there's a bunch of, like, the close buttons. I don't know if that was on tabs. The close button is on the right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

Yeah. Which is different than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

maybe we're we're used to on the Mac side. That is an interesting discrepancy I hadn't hadn't noticed or thought of. I think that's just been true,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

though, with a lot of things over time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

in terms of in iOS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

you know, dismissing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

whatever is up in the top right. I wonder how left handed people feel about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

They probably I mean, they probably like it. I right? I would imagine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

You know? Or or it gets in the way. I don't know. That that's a great question. That's actually a really great question. I wonder

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:01]

There should be an accessibility setting for left handers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

Yeah. Well, there's just I wouldn't even necessarily call it accessibility, but, like, preference. Right? Like, do you do you want left hand controls or right hand controls?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

Would say, why do you need two options? Just tell the user what they want. Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

or detect which hand they're holding it in. That would be the other way. No. That would be cool. Yeah. I wonder if I wonder if you could do that reliably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

so tabs the iPad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

peculiar, I admit. I think if you try them for a while, they grow on you. Yeah. I don't really like, it makes sense,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

the design changes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

but it looks weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

It does look weird because it's not what we're used to. I mean, think about it. Like, we basically have twenty odd years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:49]

of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

tabs at the top, address bar, all that stuff looking in a very specific way,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

you know? And I I think I think that's what's hard to shake. I've embraced it. So on the iPad, I I opted for the little pills.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

I I actually what I'm learning is that I like the fact

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

again, I did not like it at first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

I'm liking the fact that it all just gets out of the way, and the primary focus is the web page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

And that's that's the goal of of what we have there is just for it to get out of the way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

Fun sidebar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

I went through, and I was watching Steve Jobs unveiling of the original iPhone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:32]

and to show off the Safari web browser. Well, first, like, they made a big deal about the iPhone is running

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

OS 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

Yeah. We we don't talk about that anymore, do we? I mean Right. It's it's the same underpinnings, but, yeah, the the verbiage has definitely changed quite a bit. And then for Safari, you pulled up the New York Times website,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:54]

and it looks like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

news website from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

the February.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

Yeah. And, like, the big feature there was you could double tap to focus in on a portion of the web page. And it was just amazing how much this device

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:10]

has changed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

how the Internet works.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

Yeah. Definitely. I mean, you think about the way that things are resizable or they scale a certain way,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

you know, some of the interactions that now are standard place that all originated in in this pattern.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Yep. The thing that was amazing, I don't know if you did you ever fiddle with a browser on a phone pre iPhone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:32]

Yeah. So I had, like, one of those slide out keyboard ones before the iPhone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

like Samsung And you actually had data, like, to to do Internet stuff on? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

Wow. Okay. So I did not I mean, I like, the phone right before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

I got my iPhone, I think I had, like, 10 meg a month or something insane like that. Yeah. And, basically, what what happened was the phone would download the entire web page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

and then it would just start stripping stuff away so that you just had a stream of text. Right? Right. Maybe some phones would keep, like, images, but they were super scaled down, often black and white. It was just a really lousy experience. You retained none of the visual aesthetic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

And because people were not thinking about the, like, hierarchy of HTML,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

invariably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

things didn't make sense when you looked at them. It just was it was not great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

yeah, just crazy change. And I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

as as much as it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

jarring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

to to do that right? Like, just just think of it like no. This is not what I was saying. Hold on. As much as it was astounding to see a full web page on a phone, even even in, you know, early aughts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

rendering.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

It's it's one of those things where I I think it transforms

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

stuff, and I could see,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

you know, basically getting the browser out of the way of the web page

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

being similar. I'm not saying it's as significant, but being as similar in terms of, like, you now these these web authors control the screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

So Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

I'm gonna pull up analytics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

our website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

Oh, boy. So what else what else has impressed you or gotten your attention with iOS 15 here?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

So with iOS 15,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

the weather app has some great updates that are overdue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:25]

I think we talked about that after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

the unveiling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

Still no weather app on iPadOS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

Yeah. It's interesting, isn't it? I have a dark sky. There's a widget. That this is what blows my mind. The widget's there. So why why they haven't put the weather app on iPadOS? I don't know. But that continues to be just stupid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

Right. That's a that's a dumb choice on Apple's part.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

I don't know what any reason there would be for not having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

something there. There's I I don't think there is. Like, I I at this point, they need to spend the time to do whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

UX work they need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

and just make it happen. Right? Like, there's there's no excuse for this. And and Apple may say, well, we still have dark sky or whatever. You can use it. That's fine. But now I'm getting notifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

from one app and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

and like looking at a different one on my on my screen with the widget. Right? And that's that's not that's not good. Plus, I really want the notifications that I'm getting from my watch also to appear on my iPad, you know, like that kind of thing. I want some parody.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:36]

But looking at analytics,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

pretty much everything is mobile.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

Yeah. I bet I bet that's probably true of most websites these days, you know, just, that's that's how it goes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

moving along, anything else iOS 15 before, I give you my my big So you really liked focus? Yeah. Even that was something cool that just popped up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

So you changed your calendar invite, and then it says leave on time sensitive notifications from calendar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

Allows

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

calendar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

some notification

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

settings with which leads into focus, which I haven't had a ton of time to go and optimize,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

but I also don't think that I'll get as much of it out of out of it as you do. Let me talk about focus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

So if you go into notifications,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

at the very top,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

there's a thing that says scheduled summary, and you can add multiple summers a day at very specific times,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

and it will group messages

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

together. And then there's a toggle that says show next summary or not, which is also very interesting because, basically, you can see these notifications pile up in the summary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

before they do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

And then as you scroll down, right, each application,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

there's a toggle whether or it's included in the summary. K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

what what's kinda cool about this is basically you can say, like, I don't want like, you're getting a digest, right, of all of your notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

Right. If you drill into a specific app, you can choose immediate delivery or scheduled delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

And there is an option,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

actually, the I think the only example I know of right now is if you go down to the TV app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

there's also this thing called time sensitive notifications,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

and there's the ability to always deliver those immediately. So an app can say, like, hey, this is actually really important, and I wanna alert Dingus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

you know, you, me, whoever, about it right away. But Okay. The user can still opt it out. So basically, like, this whole thing has been supercharged. There's ton of functionality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

just in controlling when notifications get to you, and I am I am, like, just starting to scrape the surface of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

am not entirely sure that I'm even satisfied with what I've contrived yet, but I'm I'm continuing to refine it. Focus, though, is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

equally related to this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

and I have created a whole bunch of focuses,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

and I I just I love them. I think this is this is the coolest thing because, basically, you're setting a state

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

and you are controlling what applications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

can bug you. Right? So you're you're allowing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

notifications within that immediate or scheduled summary thing to bubble up, as well as people related to notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

So as an example, because I love John Kollmeyer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

John and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

my family,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

and I think I think Fanker also made the cut, is in my personal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

focus. So when I am doing personal stuff and I wanna focus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

I go and I put this on, and only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

John, my immediate family, and my mom and my dad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

and, and apparently Fanker, he doesn't even listen to the podcast, but he made the cut,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

are able to bubble up. And then on apps, right, like, I'll still get FaceTime calls, I'll still get Google Voice calls, Streaks will notify me, the doorbell will notify me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

reminders, the home app, but that's about it. Right? Like, I I really reduced down what I would allow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

What's really cool is you can also do activations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

like smart activations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

or scheduled or automation activations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

for this. So if you if you're looking at a focus and you scroll all the way down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

you can set smart activation, which is like, hey, you know, turn it on when Siri thinks it's relevant. Right? Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

Yeah. Now, I will say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

mixed results with that so far,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

but smart Over time, that should improve. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

Would would think would think so. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

But there are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

scheduled automations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

which you can do basically time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

location,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

or when you open an app. So this is kinda cool. When I open an app, like, say, Kindle, like the Kindle app that I read from, I'm going to put a whole bunch of stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

out of out of sight, out of mind. Right? So I'm gonna go into personal focus. Oh, it's huge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

Driving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

also allows you to do some further customization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

than it did before. So one of the things that I find frustrating about driving is I mostly don't want to be interrupted when driving. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

I would like to be able to see if missus Lemon sends something to me because nine times out of 10, she knows I'm driving. If she sends something to me, it's probably important. Yep. Right? So I've been able to customize the driving focus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

so that missus Lemon's notifications still come up, but nobody else's do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

Another one that I'm really excited about is the the do not disturb one. All of the do not disturb has moved into focus. Now one downside is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

I, at least with the betas, maybe this changed for the final. You'll have to tell me. The betas did not automatically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

import my previous do not disturb settings into the do not disturb focus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

So I I had to go in and reset the times. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

But then I used to have this I had this automation in the in the home app that would put my phone into do not disturb when I arrived at church, and then it would take it out when I left church. The kicker is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

it would prompt me. So it would say, hey, do you wanna run this automation right now? So I had to, like, as I was pulling up, I see the notification, hit the button, and then we do, you know, we'd go into do not disturb. And I would say it was, like, I don't know, 60%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

of the time, I remember to do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

So this last weekend, I had a location,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

and it actually let me choose the range around the point. So I found the point on the map, and then I was able to to adjust the range of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

When I got to church, my phone went into do not disturb,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

and when I left, it went out to do not disturb, and I didn't have to do anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

That was Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

Yeah. So imagine if you're at work. Right? And you have a work focus, like you're physically in an office, you could set to do that. Right? Or the one that I've been playing with is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

school, you know, if I keep going back to school, which has another podcast for another time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:50]

But Everybody's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:51]

in shock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

Yeah. That that goes to future episode about values, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

like, I love this idea of being able to set your focus based upon location,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

the things you're doing. Like, this is super powerful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

You don't need to do any of it, though. You can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

And I think that's that's also, like, the sweet spot. Did you happen to look at was do not disturb already set up or So for do not disturb, like, my automated time came in, but it doesn't look like anything else came in. Oh, well, that that was better than mine. Mine didn't come in the first time. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

Focus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

also has a sleep too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

which is really fascinating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

and you can get to your bedtime options in there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

as well as, you know, like like four other places that it's available.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

other things I think you should check out is there are settings for the home screen and the lock screen per focus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

So you can show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

notifications on the lock screen, or you can hide them. You can hide notification badges.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

You can also, apparently, pick custom home screen pages

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

to show when you're in this focus, which is also pretty cool. I have not actually used that, but, it's something I wanna play around with. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:06]

Do you have a podcast focus yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

I do not. I guess I should. That would be kinda cool. If I well, so I think the coup de grace there is I need for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

macOS to get an update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

Right. Right? So once

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

what's it called? The next one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

Monterey. Monterey. When Monterey comes out, I could probably create a focus that when I open audio hijack, I go into do not disturb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:30]

Or when I open Zoom, I go into do not disturb. You know? Like, I think there's a whole bunch of stuff that can be done here. It's just like a next level,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

kind of automation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

And the thing you'll notice as you're playing around with this, like, notifications,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

the the summary stuff I was describing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

it's gonna get iOS is gonna give you prompts about, like, what to do. Right? Yep. Like, what your options are, and that's pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

Yep. The other thing is if you start using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

these focuses,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

you will find that they appear on the main

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

Right? And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

you can actually switch between them or create a new focus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

just by hitting the little the little dingus button with the, with the focus thing. So I'm I'm so jazzed about this. I one, because I've spent I've spent too much time in the past turning off notifications only to miss things. I I think the state that I really want is I want all those notifications coming basically in a digest, and I don't wanna think about them Right. Otherwise. Right? And I'm moving in that direction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

And and I just I really think that this is the right kind of balance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

for for phones, really. Right? Because we're inundated right now. I think, you know, if if the only thing you're capable of doing is picking up your phone when you're around other human beings, notifications are probably a factor in that, I would I would think. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

And I get it too. Like, I there's you know, what is a notification? It's an alert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

What do you what do you do when an alert pops up? You look at it. Right? Yep. You engage. So the very, like, construct on the device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

is doing what it's supposed to and that's drawing your attention. It's just that all notifications are not created equal. So Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:11]

And you don't always need notifications

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:14]

depending on what you're doing, hence, the different focuses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

Yep. And I do think the people control

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

for messages probably, I I haven't tested for FaceTime, but I imagine it works for FaceTime too. Like, this is huge. Right? So Yep. You know, when I'm at work, as much as I love your father-in-law, Mark, like, can get going on a conversation with you in one of our group chats. I come back to a 100 messages. Right? Or my phone, what used to happen is we'd just sit there and vibrate until it ran out of battery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:41]

Now when I'm done with work, I can see the digest, you know, and I can I can participate at a time that's convenient? So I dig that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:49]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:50]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:51]

basically, what I need to do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:54]

I need to allow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:57]

you no. I don't even need to allow you during a sleep focus. I need to allow Sarah in case something happens to you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:04]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:05]

my mom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

There you go. And probably Anna if she's like, if we aren't in the same place. Yeah. Yeah. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

That's so funny. Yes. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

then in your other focus, it's basically all those people plus me. Right? Right. So then everybody else goes to the to your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:22]

messages on Saturday if I Yeah. Feel like turning my phone on that day. But but I do think, like, think about this. So iOS seems to be smart enough to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

detect a message code that gets texted you and still plug it in where it needs to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

in in focus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

Yep. But then ignore all of the other, like, you know, you got a package shipping or whatever. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

And and so so it can do that, and, like, that's that's the kind of stuff that I really I'm fine just getting into summary. You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:48]

And I've I've already Does this solve your doorbell problem?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:53]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

No. My my doorbell problem is still fundamentally that nobody comes to my house except other kids looking for my kids. For your kids. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

I I am dangerously close to going back to the traditional doorbell. Thermal. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:10]

It's either that or Especially now you have security cameras. So, like, if something happens, you could always go back and look at security cameras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

I think the the the maybe the balance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

the the doorbell is I just won't get notifications on my phone, but it will physically ring something in the house so that I don't have to holler at a kid. Like, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

probably where I need to get to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

I don't think my particular doorbell does that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

so I would need to buy something. Surprise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:37]

And then hope it works with your network.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:39]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

Next that's for the next episode, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

Yeah. So so what are we we've got a couple topics that we've queued up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:48]

We we wanna talk about ghosting and professionalism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

Right? We wanna talk about values because you and I had, I think, a pretty important conversation about that. I would challenge you too before we do the value conversation. I'm gonna write mine down. You should go back to your blog post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:02]

and Fix the broken links. Well, that too. But you should see if they're still accurate. Right? Like, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

is there anything you would clarify I have done that fairly fairly recently and they are still accurate, but I can look at the descriptions. Well, that's a good that's a good set of values then. Yeah. Think I this was my this is the thing I knew a lot of the day. I think the descriptions are just as as important as the, like, the word for the value.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:24]

Yep. So anyhow, that's that's another discussion. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

we will eventually get some analysis on the new iPhone because I'm gonna have it and I'll I'll be able to tell you how little it's changed. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:36]

What was the other thing we were gonna talk about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:38]

Next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

Your trip. Beer. No. No. Well, beer. But then also the the WiFi. My WiFi woes. Alright. So we should add all those things that we don't forget. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:49]

that's for another episode. This one is is I think winding down, John. What do you think? Yep. We're ahead of the forty five minute mark. So with our intro, it will be over. Oh my goodness. Alright. Well, John, it's been a pleasure. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Go get your vaccine.

