---
title: Two Years with a Twist of Lemon
episode: 95
date: '2020-08-06T13:32:11.000Z'
slug: two-years-with-a-twist-of-lemon/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast "Life With A Twist of Lemon" celebrated its 2-year anniversary by
  reflecting on its journey from a casual conversation to a formal launch. John
  discussed his recent purchases, including a laptop and AirPod Pros, with Stan
  highlighting the importance of budgeting and tech advancements. The
  conversation also touched on future topics, such as craft beer, cycling,
  Lutheran theology, and geeky debates like Star Wars versus Star Trek.
keywords:
  - podcast anniversary
  - budgeting
  - tech advancements
  - Apple products
  - AirPod Pros
  - laptop purchases
  - Star Wars vs Star Trek
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So John, I, last week I mentioned I bought something online and I didn't tell my kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

what And it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

all of our listeners have been in suspense ever since.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

They have been. So what do you think as a grown adult

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

I would buy online

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

that was not available through Amazon at the time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

that I wouldn't want my kids to know about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

That you'd want your kids to know about? No. No. I wouldn't want them to know about it when I bought it. Right. I mean, that's But they they care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

So They would care.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

Basketball hoop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

No. No. I can't have one of those in the subdivision. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

Some kind of toy. More Switch games? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

No. No. Not more Switch games. I do have an update later to give about Mario Party, but we'll get to that. Alright. No. John, it's it's Legos. Legos. It's Legos. Interesting. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

So I'm I'm gonna tell the story of Christmas nineteen ninety two, but first, I wanted to introduce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

a special guest,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

the only Lemon who has not joined the podcast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

to talk about what he discovered this morning. The only only Lemon child. We still are waiting for a missus Lemon appearance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

That's fair. That's fair. So without further ado, Henry, introduce yourself. Hi. Hi, Henry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

What what did you what did you discover this morning, bud? Well, I walked downstairs

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:47]

and went to your office

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:49]

and then I came back out. And I looked up and there was a ship

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

wrecked on an island. A ship wrecked on an island? Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

Made out of what? Legos.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

A ship wreck? Made out of Legos. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

Was it an imperial ship? No.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:09]

Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

a ship. A ship? There wasn't like a pirate flag or anything? Oh, there were pirate flags.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:16]

Lots

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:17]

and lots

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:19]

of pirate flags.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:20]

And cannons,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:22]

and a shark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

Was there a parrot?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:26]

Two. Two parrots? Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

What color were the parrots?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

They were blue and green. Was one of them named Captain Flint?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

Very funny, but no. Do you do you know the Captain Flint reference?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

Nope. Okay. You'll you'll get there eventually. English four.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

Nice. So your dad let you play with this pirate trip?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:51]

Oh, yeah. Well, I kind of forced him to. Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

so we know who's really in charge in your house. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

Have this look of innocence on your face, but our listeners can't see it. Only I can.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:09]

If

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

I were in charge, I'd have him get a thousand different LEGO sets. A thousand different LEGO sets? He'd have to move them to the basement then. I don't think there's enough for a thousand LEGO sets your bedroom or the living room. Unless I made a whole LEGO world in the basement. There you go. Thought you guys have seen that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:30]

It's LEGO movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

Everything is awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

Alright. Hey. Why don't you tell mister Kuhlmeier what you think the coolest part of the LEGO set is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Oh, come on. This is easy. No. It's not. Yes. It is. Okay. The whole ship. The whole ship. Okay. That's fair enough. What about the back part where the the cabin is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

What do you mean? The cabin where the top pops off.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:03]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:05]

there's captain Blackbeard's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:07]

own space,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:09]

but we renamed him captain Redbeard because apparently,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:12]

he does not have a black beard. He just has a red beard. Who else has a red beard?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

Do you know who else is called Captain Redbeard?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

Mister Comer? No. Colin Moran of the Pittsburgh Pirates.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

Alright. On that note, why don't you say hello to all the listeners of Life With A Twist of Lemon? Hello.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

Alright. And now say, good night because you're going to bed. Thanks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

Henry. Close your door, bud. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

John, that that perfects the trifecta, doesn't it? It does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

We may have to have him back to talk about hamburgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

Oh, yeah. We should. Maybe once a little earlier in the evening. We're recording a little later than usual because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

You're leading us not to watch. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

Listener of the show, mister Joseph Taylor was over for wine and beer. Big fan of Joe Taylor. Was this your own crafted beer and own

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

fermented wine, I guess? Yeah. Well, so funny thing is he he sent me a message like, hey, you wanna like porch sit, socially distance porch sit and have a beer? And I was like, yeah, absolutely, man. Because, you know, I'm not gonna turn that down. And then apparently, was listening to this very show Nice. And texted me back and asked if we could possibly try the wine. Nice. And I'm not gonna I'm not gonna say no to that. Of course not. So we I've got you know the the double sized bottles that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

what is it? Barefoot and Yellowtail, man. Like, you you know what I'm talking about? Right. Yeah. Yeah. We we had to fill up a couple of those and so we polished off one of those with missus Lemon over dinner which we ate on the porch. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

Yeah. Very cool. So I don't know if you can see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:53]

but I am enjoying my own beverage

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

complete with rye, sweet vermouth, and bitters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

Now one might call that a Manhattan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

but it's missing a very important ingredient.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

Oh, oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

Johnny.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

That's not a Manhattan. That is not a Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:12]

Oh, my. Alright. It missing, Stan? It's missing a maraschino cherry. Where where's the cherry, John? Do you know why it's missing a maraschino cherry?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:20]

Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

No. I don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

Missus Kollmeyer, the saint that she is, runs and gets all of my Manhattan supplies for me now. She will not drink one with me, but there's still plenty of time to work up to that. Hold up. Hold up. Has she tried one? Yes. She has.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

And she she doesn't care for it? She doesn't. She's not a big alcohol drinker at all. Occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

she will always try my beer. Some of them she likes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

and she'll drink wine very, very occasionally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

Alright. So she's out and about. She's doing our grocery shopping. Kohlmeyer household is big fans of Aldi

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:59]

because their prices are cheap. She looks for maraschino cherries in the baking aisle where they normally are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

No maraschino cherries to be found. So Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Hold hold on. This is this is news to me. Maraschino cherries are in the baking aisle? At Aldi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

No kidding. Yep. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

They're usually, like, by the canned olives and stuff or in the liquor section if you wanna get the fancy ones at other grocery stores.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

The the canned olives are in the baking section? No. They are not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

At Aldi, the cherries are in the baking section.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

At normal grocery stores, they're usually in, like, the jarred fruits and vegetables

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

aisle. I'm having a hard time getting past this. Like, what what do you bake with a maracchino cherry?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

I don't know, man. Maybe, like, really bad cherry pie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

No. No. There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

there's no excuse for that. Not even the Germans could pull that off. So, yes, the maraschino cherries normally in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

the baking aisle at Aldi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

At least last time I was there, you got people waving above your head. It looks like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

Henry Lemon and missus Lemon were headed outside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

let's set that set that fact aside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

But usually, they're there. That's where I've usually gotten my cherries from my Manhattan since I've moved to Iowa and lived on my own.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

But missus Kolmeyer being the saint that she is, she doesn't see them, so she asks, something I would never do. I don't ask people. I just look around the whole store. If I don't see it, they obviously aren't there. But she Woah. Hold up. Hold up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

She asks someone in Aldi. In Aldi. Aldi employee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

Okay. I'm I'm gonna be completely honest with you. All the times I've been in Aldi, and there have been a few,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

the only people that have ever been in the store have been at the cash register.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

Yeah. There's usually people stocking things. So the whole store is built to run on, like, four people?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

No. No. Not at my Aldi. Not a Myaldi. Alright. Two two cash registers at the front and a security guard, that's it. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:04]

Yeah. Very interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

So she found somebody. I assume it was a stalking person, but I can't say for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

And the Aldi This this story has all kinds of holes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

Sorry, man. I wasn't there. This is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

it's like a big game of telephone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

Go on. What do you think the Aldi employee says?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

What is a maracchino cherry? No. Worse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

I what would be worse than that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

Maracchino cherries

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

are a seasonal item.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

So at Aldi, apparently, they're seasonal items now. That has not always been the case. But I ask you this, what season are they for? Yeah. No. That's that's what I'm struggling with over here. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

I I don't understand. Manhattan season is four seasons out of the year. Right. And what else do you use Maraschino cherries for?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

Well, that's that's the other thing. Like, I guess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

Shirley Temple?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

Yeah. I guess. But I was thinking more hot fudge sundae.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

Hot fudge sundae season is summer, decidedly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

and and we are we are unequivocally in hot fudge sundae

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

season. Right. I I've got so many problems with this, John. I don't know that I would go back to Aldi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

I'm about to take to the Twitters because I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

I am visibly angry. I know it's hard to tell, but it's like So so the problem is if you take to the Twitters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

for Aldi, you're gonna have to go to Google Translate first and put it in German.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:44]

I know some German.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:46]

Know certain words I can use in my tweets. Do you know do you know how to say Maraccino cherry in German? I do not. I imagine that maraccino is the same. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

No. No. No. There's gotta be more spit with it. It's like, maraccino.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:59]

Sound angrier. But I'm angry because Aldi didn't have cherries, so now I'm drinking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

rye, sweet vermouth, and bitters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

Okay. What kind of rye? Bullet rye.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

that is good rye. Yes, it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

as far as so this is this is where I get really nuanced in my life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

I love Woodford Reserve excuse me. Woodford Reserve's rye for sipping. Right. I don't care for it in Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

Bullet rye Yeah. We talked about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

That is the only way to make a Manhattan, in my opinion, if you're gonna go the rye route. Right. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

you know, the rye versus bourbon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

debate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

is a tricky one. And I I think I've I've thought a lot about this, John. I I think you've gotta use cheaper bourbon if you want a proper Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

Sure. Otherwise, the bourbon taste overpowers everything else. It does. It really does. And the the thing too is, like, a Woodford Reserve Double Oak

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

does not make a good Manhattan. It makes a fantastic sipping drink Yep. But does not make a good Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

I'm with you. So I am not a Manhattan purist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

As you saw, there were ice cubes in my glass. Traditionally, it would be strained into a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

cocktail glass.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:17]

first Manhattan and still one of my go tos is the Southern Comfort Manhattan, which is made with Southern Comfort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

which I cannot Not a Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

I cannot stand normally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:29]

by itself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

But when mixed with a good sweet vermouth, it's delicious, and that is the grandpa coalmire Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

We can call it a grandpa coalmire Manhattan, but we cannot call it a Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

You see what I did there? Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

I I can't even remember the last time I had SoCo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

I Did I make what was I making Manhattans with when you were here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

Probably either Bullet Rye or SoCo. Probably Bullet Rye. I don't remember SoCo. I think SoCo would have stood out in my mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

So I don't know. That's fair. Teach his own. But you you know what I say. Right? Like, you cannot make a Manhattan without a cherry. Right. A Manhattan without a cherry is not a Manhattan, ergo, you are not drinking a Manhattan. Exactly. Regardless of Soco or Bullard or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

I don't know. I gotta figure out this Aldi situation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

Otherwise, just go to Hy Vee and get some nice brandy cherries. That would be good. Well, so that's that's where I was gonna go. Like, what what's the next move here? Because clearly, Aldi has failed you. Are you gonna stop shopping there? I will probably not stop shopping there because I am not in charge of the shopping. I am just in charge of the grocery budget. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

Fair enough. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

you have to make a Hy Vee run, will you physically go to Hy Vee or will missus Kolmeier? In the age of COVID, probably missus Kolmeier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

Okay. Alright. So you are like apart from your two COVID parties you've done, you're completely buttoned down there in the Kolmeier Fort. Pretty much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

Alright. Okay. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Well, teach his own. How are feeling by the way? Have you gotten your COVID test I have not, but I'm still feeling fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

that's that's worth something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

You're either totally healthy or asymptomatic, and it's hard to tell these days. Yeah. So generally, like, I don't get sick. I don't get the flu, so I'm probably just asymptomatic carrier and infect everybody else. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I I think in all likelihood, you're just the least social human being that I have ever encountered. Physically socialize that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

That's possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:37]

anyways, Stan, you're ruining my life and making me spend money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

Because of Maraccino cherries? No. We're moving on. So you know I talked about the pressure washer a couple weeks ago. I guess that was just week. So that Did you buy something else? That was a Stan Lemmon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

must have tool along with the Sawzall, which I do not have yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

Okay. Oh, alright. This is this is good. You didn't buy the Sawzall. Did you buy an edge grinder?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

I did not buy an edge grinder. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:06]

What what is it? It's another outdoor tool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

And it's because Weed whacker. Weed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

whacker, and it's for the same reason that you bought a new weed weed whacker at the beginning of the season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

Because the other one didn't respond to me when I cussed at it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:21]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

And wouldn't start or would start and run for three minutes. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

So remind me what weed whacker you did have. So I had a cheap gas powered

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

one from Amazon. I think it's a Remington brand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

Okay. And did you get another gas powered one? I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

Oh, Johnny.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

What'd you get? So I went with the Craftsman 60 volt

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

weed wacker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

because I'm 60 volt? John, you've got a small yard. What do you need 60 volts of power for?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

Edging.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

Keep going, sir.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

that's what I ended up with because I'm in the Craftsman

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

power tool

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

camp, I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

Ecosystem, John. Ecosystem. Ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:18]

I'm in the Craftsman ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:22]

a drill and I think that's probably the only thing I have. Weed whacker. Snowboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

To be clear. Snowboard is a hard. You don't 60 volt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

power drill, do you? I do not. I have a 20 volt. Okay. Yeah. Alright. That's it. That'd be one heck of a drill.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

So so here's the plan, Stan. The plan is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

table saw or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

some kind of saw.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

But that's not gonna take a 60 volt battery. It's not. I don't know. I wanted power. Seemed like a good deal. The eco

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

but the ecosystem argument is around the batteries. So so just to be clear, did you buy this from lowes.com, or did you have success on Amazon? I had success on Amazon. I ordered on Sunday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

It came today, which is Tuesday as we are recording.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

And I took it out, and I did the weed whacking that needed to be done because I haven't done it for the past

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

month and a half because my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

gas trimmer was ticking me off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

And it So works like a dream. You ordered something on Amazon on Sunday. You got it on Tuesday. Yep. And you live in the middle of nowhere, Iowa. Yep. I live in the second biggest city of Iowa, to be fair, but still Iowa. Oh my gosh. You're killing me. Killing me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

Mister Joe Taylor did report to me that he has not had the difficulty I have had with Amazon deliveries. So I apparently am a snowflake. That's that's what I've come to conclude. We all knew that, Stan. Just look at the name of the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

That was the idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

So what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

I mean, were you pretty pleased? Did you get the power that you wanted? Did you did you just do, like, edging, or did you, like, hit the side man. The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

I did absolutely everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

And Okay. This thing is more powerful than my gas powered one was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

Look at you. So no no regrets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

I am extremely happy with it after one use.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

advice to anyone who's in the market for a weed whacker

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

definitely do not go bent shaft whether you go gas or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

battery powered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

Yep. But straight shaft is the way to go,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

and I think battery is the way to go, man, unless you're doing this for hours a day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

Yeah. I this was the conclusion that I reached to. Now I had a really fantastic Hitachi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

gas powered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

trimmer for a long time. And I mean, I could look at it and it would start. Had no problem. It literally fell apart after I think it was eleven or twelve years. I mean, it was a long time. That's That's a decent amount. Yeah. Yeah. You know? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

the and I did I did some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

ridiculous weed whacking with it when I was in Seymour. I mean, I literally, like, cleared out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

huge sections of property

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

to, to make into, like, livable, grassy space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

But all that said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

my experience thus far with, you know, battery powered, and like I I think I said in a previous episode, I have two now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

is they start on a dime. They just work. And as long as you remember to plug that battery in before you use it the next time, like, once you're done, you plug it in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

You you have to weed whack a ton,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

an absolute ton,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

in order to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

use up that battery. I I just I think most people, again, who are not doing this professionally, who are not doing this commercially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:44]

should just get a battery powered weed whacker. Then you don't have to deal with all the maintenance. You don't have to deal with winterizing if you're in a state that gets freezing temperatures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

And yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's just worth it. It is absolutely worth it. And actually, at this point too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

I think cost wise, it's it's probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

I mean, I don't think you're spending any more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

for a battery powered device at this point. You might actually be saving a little bit. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

Yeah

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

I'm happy with it and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

might need to find something else to weed whack.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

Have you have you thought about finding elderly neighbors in the neighborhood and weed whacking for them? I have thought about it, but there's like all these 14 year old kids who are looking for work, so they're like begging for work and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

They're they're going back to school to get COVID, man. They're they're they got other things on their minds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

So here's true story. I I take my kids for a walk during the day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

and we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

just like to get some energy out. Right? Because if you are at home with three kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

the missus, me, we're all here all the time. Eventually, you just have to unleash some of that physical energy. And so we go for, you know, about, like, don't know, a mile and a half, two mile walk ish

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

around the neighborhood. An amount.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

Yeah. It's not bad. You know, take the dog. It's it's a it's a good family time. But the thing that drives me nuts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

is my neighbors and their sidewalks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

And I've thought about walking around, like, on this walk, walking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

with my weed whacker and trimming some of their sidewalks. What do you think about that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:21]

As long as your homeowners association isn't gonna yell at you, go for it. They'll probably, like, give you a medal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

I mean, maybe. Like, it's all this all hinges upon me getting caught. And in in probably normal times, I would not get caught. Right? Because nobody would Now everyone is around. Yeah. But the some of these sidewalks are so egregious. It's like if if a fifth of your sidewalk is now covered in clover and grass,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

you are a lazy, lazy, lazy owner. You know? Like, there's no excuse for that. There just isn't. Here's the problem, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

The average homeowner knows nothing about their lawn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

or what to do. This isn't even a lawn, though. This is just like Keeping the lawn outside of decency. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't get it, man. I really don't. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

never bothered me before until this year, and now it bothers me in such such a deep and personal way. So if if you are out there and you're listening to this and you have a sidewalk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

and you don't trim it, shame on you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

Shame on you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

You can give me a call, and I'll bring over my new toy. Yeah. Absolutely. I'll I'll do the same. You you are crowding out little kids on their bicycles, so you should go and clean up your sidewalk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:29]

You know, on that same note, I've been looking at my sidewalk and my driveway

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

and now that I have a pressure washer, they're looking You do it, aren't you? They're looking mighty dirty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:40]

Question is, should I splurge for the surface cleaner or should I go strip by strip

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:45]

and clean it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

I I think the answer to that question, John, is how bored are you when we're not recording a podcast? You know, I haven't really been bored.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

Well, that's haven't been reading a lot either recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

Finished Peaky Blinders up to the end of what's on Netflix now, so I'm a lot of things to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

Well, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

just splurged and I subscribed to Hulu TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

And so so now I have I think it's nine seasons of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

Family Matters that I'm really looking forward to. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

There's also the Wonder Years, Step by Step.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

I'm I'm reliving the nineties. Yeah. You gotta start with an episode of Family Matters then go into Step by Step so it can be like the old

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

exactly right. That's exactly how it progressed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

This that that was not lost on me, my kids could not understand why I was emotional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

as we were watching the pilot, which, by the way, is not good. The pilot is not great. Yeah. Usually, aren't. Ugh. Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

Urkel doesn't even show up until episode four.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:49]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

Yeah. I didn't know. Didn't know. That's awesome. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

step by step, if you watch the intro, I don't know if it's the intro on the season one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

but they're on that roller coaster, you know? Mhmm. That is the American Eagle at Six Flags Great America. So that was always

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

my interesting tidbit because Six Flags was, like, an hour away from me in Milwaukee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

Wait a second. I thought that I thought step by step was Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

Cedar Point?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:17]

Cedar Point. That's what I meant. So the wooden coaster that they're on is the American Eagle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

Alright. I'm gonna take your word for it, but I'm gonna do some research.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:30]

But it takes place in, like, San Francisco.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

So other parts of the amusement park might be Cedar Point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

but the wooden coaster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

I will have to look into this. I'm I'm intrigued now because I have been on the American Eagle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

Six Flags was a regular go to for our schools

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

growing up in the Chicago Suburbs. But Before, it was $80 to get in. Well, now they aren't open. So Yeah. No. They're not open. I I was only on this the other day, you know, everything today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

television wise, is serial in nature. Yep. Right? And so you have a you have a story that spans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

ten, twelve, maybe 14 episodes. Right? You no longer have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

a sitcom of 22 or 24 episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

of, like, loosely related stories. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

And I think I kinda missed that. I I like Absolutely. There was something novel about serial television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

But as I look back on Family Matters, The Wonder Years, The Cosby Show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

Boy Meets World. Boy Meets World. Yeah. Or even Home Improvement. Right? These are shows that my kids have really loved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

and we've we've enjoyed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

watching as a family together. Not Wonder Years. It's actually, I showed my kids the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

pilot for Wonder Years and I realized that is some heavy stuff, man. Wonder Years was not a kid show. I why I watched as a kid, I have no idea but you know, it is what it is. So the other thing is like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

the shows were far more family friendly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

so like most of the stuff that wouldn't be kid appropriate is over the kids heads

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:05]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:06]

there's also good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

and it's kind of like modern not really modern anymore, but like a modern Aesop's fables or something that have a moral to each episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

I actually think that's a really interesting connection or like the, you know, parallel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

You know, Family Matters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

I don't know, man. It's it's just such a good wholesome show. I really I really enjoyed it. I look back on watching it, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

I I don't know that it necessarily aged well. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

But it was fun, and it was just lighthearted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

and it was always enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

So and and you could just catch a random episode. Like, you didn't have to watch them order. You didn't have to worry about what you missed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

And I do miss kinda that. You know? Sure. Even actually so now that I've got HBO Max, because apparently I've got the expensive Internet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

and they give it to me for free. I've got Fresh Prince of Bel Air, which is one of my favorite shows growing up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

And even even that, right, it's a sitcom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

It's random.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

It's it's really not that inappropriate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

you know, all things considered. Sure. It's just fun. It's just fun, and I miss that. So I'm I'm really glad. It's it's so weird, actually, as I think about it. Right? HBO Max,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Amazon Prime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

even Disney Plus, and definitely Hulu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

I'm watching shows from the nineties.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

Hello?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

well, I guess you don't get anything that's currently airing. I guess on Hulu, you would. But Yep. On Hulu. Yeah. But you aren't, like, tuning in at 07:00 on a Thursday night for your favorite show anymore?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

Oh, definitely not. Definitely not. Now, we are watching some newer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

shows on HBO Max. Right? The missus Lemon and I are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

But and this is this is what's interesting to me too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

And maybe I'm just an old fogey. I'm like yelling, get off my lawn and all that jazz. But I You literally were.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:52]

Yeah. More get your lawn off the sidewalk. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

Get your lawn off the sidewalk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

I can't think of a show that has recently aired

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

that wasn't animated. And I I'm I've explained that qualification. Oh, actually, I can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

I'm gonna I'm gonna back pedal before I even make this statement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

With one exception. I cannot think of a show like Family Matters, like The Cosby Show, like Step by Step, like The Fresh Prince of Bel Air, where I would watch with my kids, and we would both enjoy it. Right? And the one exception that is let's see if you can figure it out, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

It aired in last year, buddy. There's one exception

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

that's not animated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

Picard?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

Absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

not. Absolutely not. No. The Mandalorian. Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

Yeah. I could watch out with my kids. Now, wasn't That's why I was close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

Yeah. You're you're close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

It wasn't funny in the same way, but it I I don't know. It had the right boundaries, I think, to be able to enjoy it as an adult, as a kid. It tied into other things that they were familiar with, and they just they loved it. Right? And I did too. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

apart from that, though, like, I can't come up with anything else. I keep coming up shorthanded on that. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:07]

Yeah. I honestly couldn't tell you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

what's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:11]

currently airing. I think the only thing that's currently airing that I have kept watching that you backed out of is Blue Bloods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

I But haven't canceled that yet? They haven't ended that? No. I think they got another season coming. So Wow. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

So yeah. I mean but I do that when the season releases on whatever streaming thing. I'm not watching it week to week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

Yeah. Well, I mean, week to week television, I think, is largely dead. The only things that we watch week to week right now are the new Perry Mace on HBO because that's as they're releasing the episodes. And we watch such little television. I say that and I just because you've watching 50 movies. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

but I've run out of movies, and and I the reason I subscribed to Hulu TV yeah. The reason I subscribed to Hulu TV was to watch the Pacers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

because sports are back. I don't know for how long. Yep. God God willing, they will be around for a while yet. What's the NBA doing in their bubble?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

I you know what? It's it's interesting. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

so so there's something that feels very unnatural about watching baseball without a crowd. Right. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

way that they've done the NBA, the venue is small enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

and there are enough people physically there that at least to me, it doesn't seem as different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

as MLB does. Right. Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

the you can tell that these players have not been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

you know, playing as long as they would have had the season continued. Right? And so they're they're rusty. It's clear that they didn't have all the practice and build up time to start this season. You can see that just in the accuracy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

of shooting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

But I I don't know, man. It's it's a lot of fun. I I enjoy basketball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

I I got out of basketball

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

shortly after the Jordan era when it stopped being a team sport. The thing is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

with a team like the Pacers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

where I mean, name a player on the on the Pacers for me, John. I have no idea any NBA players right now. Oh, that's not true. That's LeBron James. I know LeBron James. There you go. Do you need to still play? I only know him because he went to Marquette when they made the final four. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

you were making my point for me. Right? Like, basketball today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

the the big teams are identifiable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

by a single player.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

The Pacers are not that team. The Pacers still have to play like a team, and you have to have multiple players that are doing well enough to win.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

And so I think, for me, you know, as as good as Jordan was back in his day, that was that was a team Yep. That won

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

those three teams. The Pacers really good back in the day too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

They were. They were. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

I'm I'm still enjoying watching the Pacers play because it is still team basketball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

and it's it's fun. And honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

quite quite frankly, like, right now, I need sports. I need baseball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

I need basketball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

And, yes, I paid $0 for streaming services last month, and I'm paying $85

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

for streaming services this month. And the only fact that I'm not losing sleep about it is because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

I spent $21 on gas last month, and I'm probably looking to spend about $17 on gas this month. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:21]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:22]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

I've always liked basketball. I've liked watching basketball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:27]

I guess

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

after the Jordan era, I've gravitated more towards college, and I don't I'm not like a loyal fan or anything, but college basketball is just fun to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

It is. It definitely is. It definitely is. It's more it's more team oriented. Again, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

I think when you think about basketball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

the teams that are fun to watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

they can't succeed unless they're all playing together. Right. You know? And that's not true of baseball. I'm sorry. It's not. No. It's definitely not true of football. Hockey? You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

Even hockey, I think I don't want talk hockey. You look at the good hockey teams. Right? And they've got they have these players that carry their franchises.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

And and that that doesn't happen in basketball. I'm not trying to say it doesn't. But I think a a truly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

fun basketball

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

team to watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

is gonna be one like, you know, the Bulls back in the day where you do have a you have a player, like like even Indianapolis' Victor Oladipo. Right? Like, he's that guy. He's our standout guy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

but he cannot win that game without everybody else. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

I mean, he can even go back to, like the Celtics and Larry Bird era.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

Oh yeah. We're still surrounded by like I don't know. It was it was kind of a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:41]

it was a more active game

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

because there was more defense involved. Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

they basically throw the ball up and it goes in. So Yeah. Absolutely. Well and, you know, the other day I was watching, and it was it's funny you say that because the defensive plays

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

that just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

like, caught me off guard, they're the ones that got me, like, oh my gosh. I gotta watch. I gotta see what the next thing's gonna be. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

Awesome. In my basketball career, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

fifth through eighth grade where I have the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:13]

career scoring

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

record of six points.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

I was best at playing defense and being the first one up and down the court.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:22]

This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

is before everybody else in your class had a growth spurt. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:28]

No. I I was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

significantly fast even through high school. So Alright. Wow. But I could not shoot at all. So that's points in four years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

Does mama Kolmeyer have any videos? That's all I wanna know. You know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:48]

she was looking at videos the other day but I don't know that there's any of me playing basketball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

Oh man, if she can find that we will totally There's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

definitely a picture. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:01]

Good times. Good times. On the Facebook page, Dan Chaz is very sad that he no longer has any place to argue publicly about what we say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:09]

so he's resorted to texting me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:12]

So I'll pass any interesting information along to you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

Does he not use Twitter? Apparently not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

Well, he can text me too. I mean, he could sort of hold group text, and we could just rant and rave. I'm always I am always happy to explain to Danchez why he's wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

He was doing a hot sauce challenge, eating hot sauce to raise money for Camp Iodosica.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

Oh, interesting. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

do do you happen to know what hot sauces were on the table?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:41]

Not off the top of my head, but I can send you a list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

Okay. Here here's the thing. I wanna know if Marie Sharps made the list. If Marie Sharps didn't make the list, Sanchez is not serious about his hot sauce. There were four of them. This replaced the annual quilt auction

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:57]

because, know, can't get people together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:02]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

I don't know. You keep talking. I'll see if I can pull up a list for you. Yeah. I mean, I I'm not a connoisseur of hot sauce by any stretch, but I do know that Marie Sharpe's is in a league of its own. It's truly delicious. It has deep flavor and it has heat. It goes good on eggs, pizza, potatoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

Really, I haven't found a thing that Marie Sharpe's is not good on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:25]

I'm not sure that there's anything that hot sauce

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

wouldn't be good on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

Ice cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

Why?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

Have you tried it? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

Okay. Well, you try it and you get back to me and then we'll we'll revisit it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:42]

So I don't see Marie Sharps in this picture.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:45]

I see Ancho and Marita.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

There's a Bdubs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:49]

rich barbecue heat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:51]

Oh, are you kidding me? A Buffalo intense heat. Yeah. There's like three buffalo wild wings ones here. Yeah. No. I'm sorry. He's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

not he's not serious about his hot sauces. I don't this is that's chump sauce to me. Yeah. Dan says There's a wanna There's a ghost pepper blueberry one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:08]

Excuse me? I know. Sounds weird, doesn't it? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

That's I don't like, there's no respect here. There's no respect. Dan says, if you wanna get serious about your hot sauce, you come talk to me. I'm sure he will do it if you donate to Camp Biodesica.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

Well, what you know, we should figure out how to do a Zoom hot sauce tasting with real hot sauces to raise money for Camp Iodosica.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:29]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

Think think outside the box, Dan Chaz, and while you're at it, find some decent hot sauce.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:35]

So Oh my gosh. Since I was able to pull that up, you know that I'm still on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:40]

Recently, that paid off because a couple days ago in my memories

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:45]

came two years of the inaugural post

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:48]

of Life With A Twist of Lemon. So we are celebrating two years of doing this podcast, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

Oh, happy anniversary, John. Happy anniversary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

I guess. It feels weird, doesn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

So Yeah. We kick we kick this show off because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

I wanted to buy a laptop, I think. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:08]

So I think that's what finally pulled the trigger. We recorded

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

three episodes before we launched because I thought that was best practice at the time. I think I would probably still stand by that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:18]

If I somebody launched an interesting podcast for me, I would wanna hear more than just the first episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:27]

yeah, I think the first episode was talking about MacBooks. No. First episode was talking about podcasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

That could be. That could be. That sounds right. I know that we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

I I was walking the dog on the paths around my new home in Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

and you kept saying, we should make a podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:45]

I mean, I had said that for, like, years beforehand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

I know. But for some reason, in the moment, while planning out my purchase, the laptop that I'm recording on, it made more sense. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

I guess the question is, do do I have to buy another laptop?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

Because it's the universe. Right now so people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:06]

have been asking me about laptops a lot recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:08]

Basically, I say hold

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

you're gonna buy a Mac just because of the new silicone chips.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

Oh. Yeah. I think it depends what you're doing, but I think that's probably true. Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

I will say that since the switch to the new keyboard style,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

have a lot less reservations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

about telling someone to buy a Mac. Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

I'm a qualified yet once more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

Most people should probably just get an iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:34]

That is probably true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

Have you ordered your iPad yet, John? I have not. You know, there's there's always

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

always a comfort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

Hey. You've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

been on a roll lately with purchasing stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:47]

Oh, I I should report, I have not ordered my AirPod Pros because they did not put tubes in my ears. Mhmm. So we there's been a stay on the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

insertion of the tubes. We'll see what happens

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

maybe maybe in a couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:01]

So I wanna read this thing that I posted on 08/02/2018.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:06]

Okay. Go for it. I said, we finally we've been talking about it for a couple of years and finally took action. Today, we launched the life with a twist of lemon podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:15]

Stan Lemon and I have conversations we would normally have on the telephone but recorded for your listening enjoyment. So far, we've covered our favorite podcast, the recent MacBook Pros, and budgeting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:27]

all very good episodes. So you should go back and listen to episodes one through three. Forgive us for the audio quality. We've learned a lot since then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

Hope that's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:36]

In the future, we'll likely cover things like craft beer, check. Cycling,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:41]

check. Lutheran theology, we've kind of steered away from that one. More tech, definitely check.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:47]

Star Wars versus Star Trek,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:51]

We've talked about both individually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:53]

but I think we both really enjoy both of them. So Yeah. I don't think we've pinned them against each other. And whatever else comes to mind. So noticeably missing from that list were Marvel and milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

Yep. The two the two big m's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

If you're And lawns, John. And lawns. There's not a lot of lawns. I bought a house, and if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:13]

you're looking for a highly specific topical podcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:17]

this isn't it. That still holds true. Just two guys working in technology field and rejoicing in friendship and camaraderie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:25]

Listen in. And if you like what you hear, I hope you'll subscribe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

And and the half of you that survived this far, we thank you for it. Thanks, mom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:35]

Might be a little less than half, but you know? So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:39]

yeah, I mean, that last part was really, like, my impetus for starting the podcast as I think back to my high school days and sitting with my group of core friends

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:49]

and just talking about whatever till 03:00 in the morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

And then I lost that at some point, maybe when I left tire things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:58]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:00]

so, yeah, it was just a chance to set aside a time to talk about whatever's on our mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

And record it and hopefully not get in trouble. Well, so far we haven't really gotten in trouble. I think you've had a few close calls but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

I mean that's that pretty much is my life, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:17]

It's more because you don't think before you say things. So I don't think it was intentional.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:22]

The filter's always lacking. But, no, it's been it's been a fun ride. Now we are at this is episode 95.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

So two year anniversary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

You know, I guess in five more episodes, we'll have to figure out something special because I think hitting triple digits is kind of a big deal. Right? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

And then I guess in theory, a hundred and four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

is like two seasons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:48]

So this is weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:50]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:51]

we number our episodes wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:55]

Hold on. There's like bonus rounds in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:58]

You say we as if I have anything to do with that part of it. So I think the first bonus round counts as an episode but other ones don't and then we had like you reading The Hobbit and me playing the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:10]

Concerning Hobbits on the recorder. That is by far one of my favorite segments. Oh, it's so Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

The the best part about that one though, John, was I had no idea you were gonna play the recorder That's true. Until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:23]

until it hit my iPhone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:26]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:28]

I don't wanna change up our music though. Maybe we can find a new one to swap in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

Well, there's there's also I mean, there's the one you used at the end of the Independence Day episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:39]

That's what I always use for bonus round. So you know how That one was so awkward on that episode. There was something about it that just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:46]

So speaking of Fresh Prince, so when we exit out of this the first part is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:53]

the Fresh Prince theme.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:55]

Then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

what I do No

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

no no no. Uh-uh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

Nope.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:01]

After we're done talking, it goes, do do do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:05]

Yeah. It does. I edit these every week, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:08]

I thought I thought you used summertime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:11]

Summertime's at the beginning. This is closing out the episode. Okay. I'm bad. My bad. Yeah. So we we start off with drums, please. That's summertime by Will Smith. But then we close out with the Fresh Prince theme,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:21]

and so I close out the bonus rounds with this acoustic version that says, this is a story all about how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:28]

life got twist turned upside down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:30]

Have you ever revealed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

all of the songs that you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:34]

interspliced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:35]

into the intro and and exit? I have not. There is someone who picked up on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:41]

Our God Is An Awesome God by I don't even remember who it's by anymore. This was a The insider. The insider

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:47]

home ELC. Right? Who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:49]

picked that out? So I think this is a guy that I work with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:54]

who's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:55]

in the realm of contemporary Christian music. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:00]

That's that's one of my all time favorites there. That's funny. Yeah. So we also have some Hamilton

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:08]

in both the intro and the exit. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:12]

And then what else do we got, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:14]

Summer girls.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:16]

LFO.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:17]

I said summertime. I meant summer girls. Oh, well, summertime is what we start off with. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:25]

Gosh. Great jams. Great jams. All nineties jams. Maybe music died in the nineties. And Hamilton. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:31]

I don't remember what else was in the end. I never listened all the way to the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:35]

Well, I'll I'll let you know next week. I think, John, that is a great place to wrap up two years of life with a twist of lemon. Hooray.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

Oh. You, my My

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:46]

not Manhattan to that. There you go. Thank you, my friend, for sticking it out this long, editing 95

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:52]

episodes and two years worth of random banter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:56]

Plus more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:58]

Plus more. On that note, are we ready to exit it out? Yes. Take us out, Stan. Okay. Woah. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:07]

your hands and wear a mask.

