---
title: Long Overdue Milkshake Reviews
episode: 87
date: '2020-03-12T13:05:31.000Z'
slug: long-overdue-milkshake-reviews/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode, Stanley discusses various financial topics with John,
  including interest rates, investing strategies, and market trends. He
  emphasizes the importance of patience, consistency, and diversification in
  managing investments. The conversation also touches on the potential benefits
  of index funds and the value of reading books like "The Little Book of Common
  Sense Investing" by John Bogle.
keywords:
  - financial markets
  - investing strategies
  - interest rates
  - index funds
  - retirement savings
  - market trends
  - diversification
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So John, if if I recall right, it has been approximately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

one year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

since we ended the long streak of milkshake episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

That sounds about right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

And we ended it in well, it was second of the episode after my visit to Iowa, but we were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

we capstoned it with the location that started the whole mess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

the Hamburg Inn. Is that right? Is that what it's called? Hamburg Inn number two. Number two. Right. And we had kind of a disappointing milkshake, I think, as that We did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

Now, I ate so many milkshakes in the run up to that that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

really haven't been motivated to get a milkshake since.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

you've had, like, one or two though over the last year, haven't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

I also didn't go as far into the milkshake thing as you did. There was a while you were having a milkshake every two days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

Don't know if it was that extreme,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

but it it definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

it definitely was a lot. And, you know, for the sake of the podcast, I'll I'll do anything. Right? So I haven't had a milkshake though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

in probably close to a year. I've had ice cream. I love ice cream. Sure. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

milkshake I have not had until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

last night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

We were recording this early on a Sunday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

I'm referring to Saturday night. It was date night with missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

I sent you a picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

of the menu,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

and hey, what was your comment? It was a little little much? Is that what you said?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

What did I say? I don't know. You were you were like, this seemed all over the top or I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

don't know how I feel about this. Oh, okay. Alright. So so tell me, so for those those who are following along at home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

missus Lemon and I went to Gordon's Milkshake Bar on Massachusetts Avenue in beautiful Downtown Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

It is a place that just sells

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

We had gotten dinner. We decided that we were not going to do the fancy schmancy dessert at the restaurant we were at. Instead, we were going to go get a milkshake on our walk to the wine bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

And so we stopped at. Gordon's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

has pretty good Yelp reviews. I mean, I'm looking here at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

about four and a half stars. Granted, there are only 23 reviews, but what are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

This seems to me like the kind of place that won't last long. I just think it's probably hard to have a business that just makes milkshakes, but I will hold out hope. There's there's another column on this menu that you sent me. There's a signature menu.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

Ice cream nachos,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

ice cream and waffles,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:02]

veneers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

all American hot dog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

Yeah. Well, the hot dog stands out. And the John Dillinger chili dog. Yeah. But if you take the hot dog and the John Dillinger chili dog out of the picture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

everything is just really ice cream that hasn't been put through the blender. So and a pastry of some Ice cream and birthday cake. Yeah. Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

all sounds good, just to be clear. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

This milkshake menu though is broken up in the classic signature and gourmet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:32]

Yeah. It was the gourmet that caught my eye originally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

and prompted the I'm not sure how I feel about this comment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

Well, so we we discussed the gourmet milkshake concept

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

Right? This is a milkshake that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

you know, at its root, it's it's a milkshake, but then it has a whole bunch of other craziness going on. Usually, on top, I think we we talked about a place in Chicago that I didn't actually make it to, which had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

about as much food physically on top of the vessel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

as it did milkshake in the vessel. Right. And we questioned the logic and sensibility of this, which I I still I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

still think is warranted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

I will say these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

these didn't have a huge party going on top, so we ordered a gourmet milkshake. We ordered the midnight cookies and cream, which I'll I'll read the description here. It says, chocolate shake with crushed cookies and cream and hot fudge topped with whipped cream and our signature chocolate flakes, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

I'm pretty sure signature chocolate flakes were really just, like, little mini chocolate chips.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

Hershey's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

I I mean, who knows? Could've been Nestle. Could've I like, your guess is good as mine. Might've been Kroger brand for all I know. Alright. But it was it was it was a good milkshake. It was it was rich,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

and it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

good flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

They were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

using, I think, genuine chocolate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

ice cream rather than squirting a bunch of, syrup in. And the hot fudge was not chocolate syrup. It was like legit fudge. Hot fudge. Yeah. The,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

straw would have made my daughter Lucy proud. It was properly sized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

The chocolate flakes have to be with chunks of cookie in there. Right? Well, the the cookie was small. Like, the the cookie was not an obstruction in terms of the delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

I thought they actually did that really well. They kinda reminded me of the way that Five Guys, like, know, crumbles their cookies down into such a fine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

texture. And actually, like, the way it was mixed up, it was consistent all the way through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

The the hot fudge was definitely decorative on the edge, but it because the flavor profile was just so on point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

they're like, I I wasn't bothered by it at all. Right? So the the thing is those flakes or those mini chocolate chips where they were, they were sank straight to the bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

And, by the time we got up, they were a little difficult to slurp. Nothing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

that missus lemon couldn't tackle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

There was also an Oreo stuck on the top of this milkshake, and I let that thing sit in there and soak in the milkshake goodness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

as it worked its way all the way down to the bottom, and at the end, I ate it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

I I will tell you that I I may, in the future,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

put my Oreo cookies in the fridge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

Yeah. Yeah. I genuinely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:11]

some that's some strong willpower there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:14]

It's like, I usually will eat a cherry if the cherry is on top.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

Or See,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

I think a cherry is different than a cookie, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

What do you do with the, potbelly one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Oh, you put it on your pinky and you nibble on it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

Those are delicious cookies. They are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

In this situation so the thing about a cookie, right, is that it will absorb

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

the thing that it's in, which is why you do milk in cookies because a cookie that absorbs milk is tasty. And so the principle applies true here too. A cookie that absorbs a milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

is tasty. Ergo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

it it really was like, yeah, it took some patience and took some, like, self control. Yeah. Yeah. But at the end of the day, the reward was worth it. I will say I did not share the cookie with missus Lemon. I took that all to myself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

Well, hopefully, you made it up to her, like, with a nice steak dinner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

I can't I'd have to look up what she had. I had lamb shank for dinner. Sounds delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

You know, it was okay. So this is just total sidebar. We went to this restaurant called Black Market here in Indy, and, it used to be one of my favorite restaurants, and it was a chef chef turn kind of place. And, they got a new chef that rethemed the food. It's it's supposed to be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

like, I don't know, subtly Mexican,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

it a lot of it just left me kinda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

that was fine. I know if it was worth it. Like, it wasn't bad, you know, but mine was braised lamb shank,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

consomati

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

garbanzo beans, cilantro, and onion, and that was the plate. And it was it was bone on, could pull the bone clear out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

you know, as clean as a whistle. The barbeco itself was was fine. It could have used more seasoning. The sauce,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

this cons consomme,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

consomme, whatever you say it, was fine. The garbanzo beans, completely unexciting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

So, you know, not bad. Just not really, like I don't need to go back. And it was funny, missus Lemon and were talking about this because we've we've gone here before they changed chefs. And, this time, it wasn't really difficult for us to figure out what we were going to eat off the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

But the last time we went,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

we really struggled. We struggled to pick because there were there were multiple things that we wanted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

Yeah. And, missus Lemon had a homemade pasta dish, like, with actual homemade pasta from scratch and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

I don't know. It's, that happens when when you have a chef doing restaurant and the chef changes out, but it was it was definitely definitely a little bit of a bummer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

then you went out for milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

Sounds like a good experience overall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

Oh, I I mean, kids are at home. They're being babysat. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

hard to go wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:59]

So you don't think this place is gonna make it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

I I just I don't understand the economics of it. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

this is, like, just more of a broad statement. Right? When your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

product is so niche and also, like, you see these prices. Right? A classic milkshake is $6. The one I got is 8. Like, that's an expensive milkshake. That's a meal. Right? I I can get more food. I can eat a whole dinner at, McDonald's for that and get a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

just I just wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

if there's enough clientele to keep this open.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

I hope so. Right? Like, I like I like little places like this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

I want them to succeed. I just think the deck is kinda stacked when you have,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

you know, I don't I don't know. Really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

two dozen items that are all basically the same thing on the menu.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

Is this place close to a college campus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

No. No. Mass Ave is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

not near the campus scene. It's it's kinda one of the little hipstery neighborhoods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

Yeah. It's a a walk in area. There's a lot of restaurants and shops and stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

Neat places, you know, there there are definitely other niche

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

things going on there, but there's a couple ice cream places too, and, like, that's their competition. Right? And so an ice cream place has an implicitly broader menu Yep. Than this place does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:18]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

Very interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

I would have personally gone with the peanut butter brownie shake, probably. Chocolate banana would be another one that I would have tried.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

So I wanted to do the peanut butter brownie. Missus Lemon is not just to be clear, missus Lemon and I split a milkshake because they were $8.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

Well, they were just came from dinner. Yeah. We just came from dinner. Like, it I I did not need a full milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

she's not big on peanut butter, so that was, like, not her thing, especially I didn't know this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

She's like, it doesn't so she doesn't dislike peanut butter, but when it comes to peanut butter and ice cream, she's just I don't know. I think she's a moral objection to it or something because she she just won't I gonna say, I thought that she would eat any ice cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

Well, that statement is still true. That statement is still very much true, but given the choice It's between something with peanut butter and not peanut butter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

Alright. Peanut butter is always gonna get left behind. Now, on the other hand, like, I see something with peanut butter, and if it's got chocolate, I'm like, yeah, let you know, bring it. I want that. I want that now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

yeah. Alright. Well, I had a milkshake too, Stanley. I'm excited about this, John, because I got a picture. I got a text from you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

and I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

it's green. Is this what I think it is? That is what you think it is. It is the official Shamrock Shake from the Golden Arched McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

So now we were talking about the Shamrock Shake, and I told you that I have fond memories of the Shamrock Shake. Yeah. And and you were basically, like, I don't like mint chocolate chip. That's how you you don't like mint. That's pretty much segment into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

The level of shock I experienced when I received this picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

was was, like, off the Richter scale. What what happened, man? Like, talk talk me through this. Hey. I sent you the hashtag,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

do it for the podcast. Why? That's why I bought an $8 gourmet milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

We're in March. You were all excited about the Shamrock shake and how we should

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

start doing milkshakes again, probably not at the same level we once did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:19]

So I figured it's probably been,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

I don't know, maybe close to twenty years since I've tried one of these.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

Really? That long. Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

Eighteen, twenty, probably. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

missus Kolmeyer was out and about doing some grocery shopping today, which there's a McDonald's right in the parking lot. I said, hey. Bring me back a Shamrock shake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

So she did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

And I tried it, not nearly the flavor that I remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

I wouldn't say it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

good, but I also wouldn't say it was, like, bad and over the top mint chocolate chip ice cream tasting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

But yeah. So McDonald's milkshakes, I found out, have a wonderful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:06]

consistency,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:07]

very slurpable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

Now this one is all, like, decoratively mixed and stuff, and you could kinda taste that in how the taste was consistent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

but the texture overall was on point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

Okay. Now just to be clear, so if you recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

back in 02/2017, McDonald's actually added a couple of variants to the Shamrock shake. This is the baseline Shamrock shake. This is very clearly not the chocolate shake, and this is also not the Shamrock chocolate chip frappe, or the Shamrock mocha or the Shamrock hot chocolate, which were the other Shamrock variants that all came out in, again, 2017. Correct. Start with the baseline, Stanley. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

So you don't like mint? We're gonna we're gonna revisit that here in just a minute. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

But it sounds like texture is on point. Straw was probably just a standard straw. Yeah. Standard McDonald's straw. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

color looks beautiful. Was it was it a beautiful green? It was. Yeah. It makes you wanna Perfect for March.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

A lot. Hey, if you can drink green beer, you can drink green milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

I I honestly don't think I've had a green beer. Where where are you getting green beer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

Any college bar around Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

Really just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

cheap beer that has dyed green.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

That just doesn't sound good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

So the You are Shamrock you don't have any Irish blood in you, do you, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

No. I really don't. Although, you know, my my grandpa loved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

Saint Patty's Day. It was right near his birthday, we always got corned beef sandwiches. So hope we got that going for us. Now, the the Shamrock Shake is a product of the seventies. Did it feel like a product of the seventies to you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

Not necessarily. No. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

I would like to try and get one of these before they stop selling them. They're they're just a limited, you know, season Usually, all March. So Yep. Do you remember when McDonald's had, like, a shake of the month, and they would cycle through? I don't think they do that anymore. I I do not remember that. Was that No. Maybe it was a Milwaukee only thing. McDonald's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

shake of the month. Let's we'll Google it here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

Yeah. This

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

Not good. My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

guess is early two thousands is when it stopped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

Did you know that September is shake month?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

I did not, but that seems like an oversight on our part. Oh, yeah. I mean, we're gonna have to oh, I gotta look into this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

There's an eggnog shake. McDonald's is an eggnog shake. That seems Yeah. Popular. Oh, John. You know what I here's here's something that just popped up here. This is the fiftieth anniversary of the Shamrock shake. The fiftieth anniversary? Oh, Fiftieth anniversary. Yeah. They would do a special cup or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

Well, I've They did not. Just the regular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

McCafe cup that they serve their iced coffee in. Apparently, this year, they also introduced the Oreo Shamrock McFlurry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

I did see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

Man, so many so many permutations. That does sound good, though. I'm I'm a be honest with you. I'm I'm contemplating going out to McDonald's as soon we get off this podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

Well, we expect a full report back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

you don't like mint, but you got a Shamrock shake. Tell me a little bit more about this tell me a little bit more about this not liking mint because I cannot wrap my head around this. Mint chocolate chip ice cream is one of my favorite things, like, ever. So in general, I don't like mint.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

I can do, like, straight up peppermint candy things, but that's like it. I I don't like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

mint flavored gum.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

Don't like mint tea,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

things of that nature. The only time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

that I will ever

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

seek out something that has mint in it is usually some kind of cocktail where the mint just adds a little spice to it or something. I was just gonna ask, mint julep?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:52]

So I've done a mint julep maybe twice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:55]

Okay. In my life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

Definitely not my go to cocktail, but, you know, you gotta have one for the Kentucky Derby.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

Yeah. I I was just saying this this is it Mint julep feels like it's up on our alley just in the sense that we tend to gravitate towards bourbon. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

I honestly don't know that I've had a mint julep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

Oh. I'll have to make you one, Stan. Yeah. I I would love that, Sean. I would love that. I you and I need to just I There's there's muddling involved though, so it's not like a not an easy make like a Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

Alright. Well, noted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

Interesting, I was in a in a wine bar last night and I was watching the the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

bartender mixed cocktails, and when you get somebody that just, like, they they get into the zone, right, and they're they're mixing drinks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

rapid fire, it is really something to be seen. Like, I I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

At least if they're good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

Well, right. And when this this guy was on point, this guy was absolutely on point. So Good bartenders are hard to come by. The place that I really wish was still open so I could take you there probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

was my favorite restaurant in Cedar Rapids for a time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

Had great bartenders and really interesting cocktails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

I got my first smoked Manhattan there Oh, where they used

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

cherry pipe tobacco to basically smoke the glass and then pour the Manhattan into the glass, and it was a very distinct taste, and it was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

Interesting. I've seen that done. I've never had a a smoked cocktail of any sort. Yeah. I'd be curious how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

much that actually punches out in the flavor profile. But If you do it right, it does. Okay. Definitely. Alright. Interesting. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

Alright. So no mint for you. Would you get a Shamrock shake again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

though?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

Probably not, but I'm kinda interested to see what McDonald's other shakes are like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

because it wasn't as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

bad as I thought it would be. Okay. So if you are stuck on a desert island,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

and the only thing that you can eat for the rest of your life is a milkshake, but you have to choose between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

the Hamburger two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

and the milkshake you had there, or the Shamrock shake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

Knowing that you don't like mint, what do you choose?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

This is tough because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

I remember the Hamburg Inn shake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

didn't taste bad. We just ate it with a spoon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

So Yeah. It it was barely a milkshake. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

does it change anything if on the island you only have straws?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:29]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:31]

Have no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

I I think just based upon that experience and and how much I've enjoyed Shamrock Shakes in the past, think I would go Shamrock Shake. Shamrock Shake. Yeah. But again, I like I like mint chocolate chip. In fact And I may have some hey, you know, mint might work out in a tropical environment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

There you go. There you go. I'll with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

So another thing we did probably about a year ago was we looked at our go to apps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

and you wanted to cover this again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

You picked four categories. Why don't you set this up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

Yeah. We must have been talking to my father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

and he was, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:06]

trying out native apps once, which is crazy if you know him. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

This no. It was, the way he said I'll never forget this because he he's like, I found a new developer with a bunch of apps, and I'm trying them all out again for the first time in forever. I was like, what are you talking about? And then he links us to the Apple's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

app app store page, right, with, like, notes, reminders, calendar, mail, and so forth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

he's he's apparently, like, coming around full circle to the built in apps, which is interesting just in and of itself. I think he got a little bit of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

what what you call it? Like, he's just worn out on subscriptions. Fatigue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

Yeah. There you go. Subscription fatigue. Perfect. Perfect.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

Because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

I believe Fantastical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

just changed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

to a subscription that was a calendar app that he used. I think he was a big user of Bear, also subscription based. Yeah. It's it's pretty easy right now with the App Store ecosystem to rack up some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

legit monthly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

expenses on software.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:06]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

Yeah. So I basically wanted to talk about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

what we're using now. I don't know that either of our go to apps have really changed in the last year, but it would be good to cover things here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

So I wanna start with productivity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:23]

We know that you are an avid reminders user as far as to do lists.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

Yeah. Well List of many type.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

I I would say though that I use reminders less than I did a year ago. I I it's I'd just in terms of quantity, but, yeah, reminders is a big one. I you know, reminders, notes, and calendars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

are probably my three most critical apps, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

notes, I've gotten, I think, a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

strategic on in terms of of the kind of, like believe it or not, I'm looking in the notes app right now, I only have 15 notes in the notes app, which doesn't sound like a lot. But I graduate notes. I'll I'll export them as markdown and save them if I wanna keep them for long term. So the the 15 notes I have are, like, actively ongoing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

and they tend to be large. Right? So I've got, like, my board of directors meeting notes are all in a single note chronologically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

You know, we got the meal plan note that I share with missus Lemon on the grocery list note and things of that sort. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

it it's it's kind of like a just a really narrow focused guarded collection of information that I'm processing and working with regularly. But, you know, it's it's really not exciting. I just use the Apple apps.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:34]

Right. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:36]

how often do you go and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

find a note that you've exported to markdown?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

Man. Not very often. So No. We were doing some meal planning. I went back to last year's meal plan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

because, you know, three hundred and sixty five days worth. Because what what I do is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

I've got, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

you know, today and the next week or two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

and then the archive. Right? And I'm I move meal by meal every day down to And the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

so after 365

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

of those,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

it's it's a lot of scrolling. So I I ex like, I've exported last year's, but I did pull it up to cross reference some stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

You know, more often than not, it's they they could they're stored away, and I don't need them. But, occasionally, they pop up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:24]

That's interesting. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:25]

like, early early on, you were an Evernote user.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:29]

I was an Evernote user.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

I find that I'm using things like notes or I'm my go to is simple notes still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

in a different way than I used Evernote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

Definitely. Evernote was, for me at least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

clip everything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

you know, try to catalog it later. Right? So it was like it was like more of a brain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

organization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

kinda thing. And I view

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

I view my notes app today more like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

what what are those little those little, like, planner notebooks that we used to have back in the day? You know what I'm talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

I don't. The little little, like Like that the schools would assign you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

Yeah. Well, they they might. I mean, like, you know, they they used to be these little notebooks. They were not an eight and a half by 11. They're probably half of that or smaller slightly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

And they'd be organized into sections. You'd have, like, a a schedule, a calendar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

and then you'd have, like, some lists that you never did this? No. No? Okay. Well Like, the closest I got is I usually have a field notes notebook that I will carry on me occasionally. Okay. Well, so for me, this is just like my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

I don't know, my just my my curated, like, relevant information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

Yeah. So I would use mine kinda like if I just had a notepad sitting on my desk. It's really where I capture different things, and Mhmm. I kinda use notes like I would turn a page on that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

And then, like, they're very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

time sensitive for the most part. So after a week, like, I don't need the note anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

Yeah. And and I probably should do more of that than I do today. I actually on my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

computer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

because, like, the kind of note taking you're describing, I do do, but I use the stickies app, oddly enough. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

Yeah. And so then, you know, periodically, I'll go through and I'll clean up my stickies. But that's the transient stuff. So on my phone, the notes app is more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

like, again, just ongoing things that I'm gonna use, quite a bit. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

just branching away from Apple, apps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

the two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

really, I think, critical productivity apps for me that I use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

almost every day would be Day One and Solver, s o u l v e r, which is my my calculator app of choice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

You know, day one, I I'm a journaler. I write down, like, what's happening. We've talked about this before. I'm not very reflective, but I'm I I do I do take notes. Right? And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

the the solver,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

I I keep just all kinds of number crunching in there. I will have, I don't know, a dozen active documents in a time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

based upon things I'm thinking about, whether it's, you know, related to to church, the Indiana district, home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

And, yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

personally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

I've already talked about SimpleNote, which I use more than notes. I use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

Microsoft To Do, which has really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

within this last year, it's really come together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

It's a great to do app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

I think that I have more lists than you do, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

just because I like to separate things out a little bit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:45]

So I use that. I use the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

Apple calendar app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

I haven't used Trello for anything personal in a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

And another one that I would call out, I use, the Microsoft Office app a lot. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

yeah. On the iPad because they don't have the combined app, you know, Word and Excel separately. But I do a lot of things in in Word and Excel, so I reference those quite a bit too. Yeah. So this kinda goes back to the Evernote comment. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:15]

I used to use Evernote for everything. I mean, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

set it up when I was studying for certification

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

exams.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:22]

And if I was, like, planning a trip or working on certain projects as work, everything went into Evernote. I feel like these things have kind of been separated now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:32]

So, like, long form writing, I tend to do in pages or something like that. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

little notes and stuff go in simple note,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

things of that nature. So I feel like there's not a real Evernote replacement,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

and I don't know if that's a bad thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I did like the way that I used Evernote. I miss Evernote from time to time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

between the kinda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

you know, screwboness they did with their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

their business model and the way that they charge and then, you know, couple that with all their security problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

I don't regret leaving it behind, but I I think I think they missed I think they missed an opportunity to really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

become everybody's digital brain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

Right. And, you know, that's that's that's unfortunate, but that's a bygone era to me. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

you know? Right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:25]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

Development. What are you using to write code?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

On the Mac or on my iPad?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:31]

Oh, let's go both.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

at at work, I use IntelliJ all the time. That's that's what I use for all my development. Personally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

I use Visual Studio Code. I'm I'm still on that kicker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

On the iPad, it's a little more nuanced. I don't do a lot of, like, coding on the iPad, but if I wanna look at code, I use working copy, which is actually a Git client with an editor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

I like Which has been around for a long time now. Right? It's it's been around a bit. Yeah. It's a really, really well done app. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

in terms of pulling stuff down from GitHub and fiddling around with it, like, there's just there's nothing that comes close to the the functionality that it has.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:13]

The editor is fine, but I prefer Textastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

as my editor of choice, and I've used that one forever. I mean, that that's one of the probably longest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

or oldest apps that I use. You know, John, total

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

sidebar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

We didn't mention one password at all in productivity. Maybe that just goes without saying. Yeah. I don't know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

I don't know that I would call that a productivity app as much as a security app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:38]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

Okay. Well, that's a critical app for me regardless of platform. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

it gets me into everything. I don't know the majority of my passwords.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

Yep. Yep. So other other stuff in development, though, I've been fiddling around with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

Swift Playgrounds a little bit more just to have fun. Yeah. And then, Pythonista is another fun one that's just a really well done app to write code and and goof around on. Again, nothing like too serious or heavy on that front, but they're they're really solid apps. They're worth buying. I highly recommend supporting those developers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

for really all the developed ones I just listed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

And this just goes to show that you are far more of a developer than I am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

So I got two. They're both

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

Mac.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

So I I will write code in Visual Studio Code. You converted me to that when I started learning React.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

What's that? November? That was back in November.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

And It's a good app, man. Microsoft has got just a hold on my world.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

I mean, it's a solid app. It replaced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

Text Wrangler for me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

for everything that I use Text Wrangler for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

yep, so that's I use that. The other

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

WordPress specific,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

is local by flywheel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

and it really is a local development

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

environment for you to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

run WordPress sites. And then it interfaces with both WP Engine and Flywheel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:05]

so you can pull down the whole site, work on it locally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

and push it all up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:10]

Right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:12]

basically, it's an all or nothing database push, so there's no no great versioning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

for the database

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

and things like that. So that's still kind of a pain point in the WordPress world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

This is interesting. I've never seen this before. I'm not I'm not really into the word WordPress world, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

seems like a neat tool. Yeah. So it was some acquisition. I don't remember what the name of it was before Flywheel acquired them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

But now they are selling add ons for it and stuff like that to really monetize it, but the base app itself is free and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

really powerful and cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

Okay. What about weather?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

Weather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:54]

So we talked about this a while ago too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:58]

You were a proponent of dark sky. I use the dark sky website,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

and I ask my Amazon Echo,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:06]

what is the weather outside today?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

So you don't use an app on your phone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

I don't. So the closest I get to that is on my watch face. I have what the current temperature is in my location. I can click on that, and it's the native

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:21]

watch weather app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

Okay. So you're basically Apple weather, which is fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

I'm still an avid user of dark sky. Missus Lemon still can't stand dark sky. I caught her using Acme weather the other day, and a little piece of my soul died. Hey. At least it wasn't weather bug.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

Yeah. Well, there's that. There's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

Alright, John. Any other honorable mentions in your app life ecosystem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

2020?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:48]

So the other big ones that we use are for podcasting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

you, like, ask me these questions all the time because people are asking you, but we record in Audio

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:59]

I think it's Audio Hijack three. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

Something like that, man. Whatever the current version is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:04]

And then I basically splice our tracks together at our intro and outro music,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:10]

and I do all that in Amadeus Pro on the Mac.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

But otherwise, we're pretty simple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:17]

AudioEyejack

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:18]

is a great app, and we don't even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:20]

jump into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

what it can do, but it does a great job for recording lease. Yep. It's absolutely fantastic. I would say the other honorable mentions on my front,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

I I use Kindle and Libby a lot. Libby for audiobooks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

I do quite a bit of reading on my iOS devices,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

I'm I'm all in on the Kindle ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

Beyond that, I feel like I should mention Mint just because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

I've plugged it so many times before. It is an app I use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:49]

literally every day for always using the web interface too. I think I just gravitate towards the web interface for everything more than I do on apps,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:58]

and I think that's just a weird John thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

It could be. It could be. You're, you're an old soul. The the other one that I might toss out there is I've been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

using TinyCards

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

quite a bit. Are you familiar with TinyCards?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

I am not. It sounds somewhat familiar though. Yeah. So you know what Duolingo is. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So Duolingo is a flashcard app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

with a whole ecosystem of decks, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

I've just done flashcards of various things that, you know, like, I I got five minutes. I'm sitting doing nothing. I'll, you know, quiz myself on state capitals or, you know, something like that. Interesting. Yeah. It's I I don't know. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

it occupies time. It doesn't feel as, like, worthless as, say, navigating Twitter or Facebook or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

And, and I like it. It's it's generally genuinely a well done app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

So the other one that I just saw on my phone was another one that you recommended, and that is Paprika,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

which is also another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

thing that I used to track in Evernote.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

But this is specifically for recipes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

It does a really great job of scraping,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:03]

like, recipe blog posts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

and only giving you the information that you need. So Yep. You know, it's it's funny I should mention that one because it is pretty critical to our flow. We've I do we do the meal plan. Right? And all of the recipes for the meal plan are in paprika. We could probably do the meal plan in Yeah. Paprika.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

We just have never gotten into the habit of doing that. And maybe maybe that's something I should try. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

I'm gonna I'm gonna maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

I'm maybe consider that a challenge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

There you go. I'll try and take up on. I wonder what missus Lemmon will think. She doesn't usually like once we get a system working, she doesn't usually like it if we change it up, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

That that's fair. Yeah. So You don't do any graphic editing at all anymore, do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

No. No. So I'm still using Pixelmator for that, and Pixelmator is a great app for the Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

I have Pixelmator. I mean, if I if I need to do something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

usually, it's, like, pretty random

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

and it's not super interesting, but I use Pixelmator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

Long gone are the days of Adobe Photoshop in my life, I think. Especially since they're on subscription now too. A very expensive subscription at that. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

alright, John. One last thing before we wrap this up. You've been following the market? Are you keeping an eye on how crazy things have been? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:20]

try to avoid it, but I did check at the beginning of this month as things were going down, down, down,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:27]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

the Fed basically lowered federal interest rates,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:31]

stuff like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

Yeah. That I mean, so far, it doesn't appear like the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

messing around with the interest rates has has done much, but I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

this is our since we are not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

certified or licensed in any way to give financial advice. However, it's it's worth saying, if you have investments of any sort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

now is not the time to be selling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:56]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

You know, short term stuff in the market should come and go. This will correct itself. It may take longer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

than we'd like, and this is definitely uncomfortable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

especially if you if you think about a a week ago, if you made a deposit, you've lost

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

you've lost some of that deposit money at this point. Right? Like, if you put in a $100, maybe you're at 90 now or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

or 95. I don't I don't I don't know what the actual,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

decline is, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

that can be frustrating, but you gotta ride the wave.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:27]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:29]

I think you told me when I first opened my IRA,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:32]

when the market goes down, there are only two options.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

Do nothing or buy more? Or buy more. Yep. Yep. So, really, my investment strategy is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:43]

basically basically the beginning of each month. I contribute to my retirement accounts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:47]

and I don't really care where the market is at that point. I just do it consistently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

Yep. And you've you've heard me talk about John Bogle's book. I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:55]

he's he's got a lot of nice reminders as to why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

this stuff will smooth itself out. It's frustrating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

you know, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

at the end of the day, the these they the the one truth on the market is that these sort of dips correct themselves with time. Right? They rebound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

And, yeah, just just have to to wait it out. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

If life with the twist of lemon didn't have a negative valuation, I'd consider going public.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

There you go, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

We'd have to be to have a net cap and a share amount big enough to be listed somewhere meaningful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

But right now, this cost us both money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

Yeah. You know, I think the the kind of downturns in the market, for me at least, are a reminder of why I've focused on index funds. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

Because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

yeah, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

it's a representation of the market. I know that the market will rebound. Right? So there's a little bit of comfort there. And I don't have to worry about, like, you know, maybe Apple did worse than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

the market as a whole or Boeing or actually, looking at, Friday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

Facebook had a really bad day, than the S and P 500. So you have to worry about kind of those, or Slack. Wow. Slack was down 7%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

You have to worry about those kind of, like, specific one offs. You can just think about the market as a whole. And, big fan of that. Again, I always recommend the John Bogle book. Everybody should check it out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:17]

Alright, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:18]

We'll call that an episode. A little longer this week. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

good time. Until next time, John. And milkshakes. Oh. Milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:26]

Talk to you later.

