---
title: Derecho Anniversary
episode: 148
date: "2021-08-17T14:25:43.000Z"
slug: derecho-anniversary/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode, Stan Lemon and Henry discuss their recent food adventures,
  including a hamburger at McDonald's that surprisingly impressed them, a Frosty
  at Wendy's to celebrate the end of vacation for his kids, and plans to visit
  Shake Shack to evaluate burgers. They also reminisce about past vacations and
  settle on a plan for their next trip together.
keywords:
  - McDonald's hamburger
  - Frosty
  - Shake Shack
  - COVID-19 vaccination reminder
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Well, happy anniversary, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

Thanks, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

Are we talking about the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

No. No. No. No. Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

we've been podcasting for three years now, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

Is that do we have a podcast anniversary? That that honestly is not what I was referring to. So we're a little late, but yes, we did have podcast anniversary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:47]

I think we released like August 1, didn't we?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

Oh, man. I didn't get you anything. I feel I feel kinda bad. You should, Stan. You should fix that. Okay. Do want flowers? I could send you flowers. What would your wife think if I sent you flowers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

She'd be jealous because I haven't gotten her flowers in a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Oh, alright. Well, you should fix that. I should. I got my wife flowers on Easter. Now granted that was a long time ago, but I did it. So there's that. Nice. No. I I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

wishing you a happy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

derecho anniversary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:18]

Yes. Today, August 10, as we're recording,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

one year since the derecho hit. Are you drinking a Corona?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

No. I'm not drinking Corona. It's a Miller 64. Oh. It's basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

water with a drop of beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

If it was a corona, you would have seen a lime floating around here. Alright. Interesting. But, yeah, one year since the derecho hit, I am still waiting on gutters, carpeting, and fencing to come in, and then I have to replace all of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

I think it's mostly bedding stuff that was destroyed in the guest room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Okay. Well, I mean, that's that's close. Right? A year in, you're close. I've got a roof.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

We're apparently under a severe thunderstorm watch for this evening

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

with hail and 70 mile per hour winds, so just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

over half of what Derecho winds were. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

hopefully, knock on wood,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

your, your roof will not be damaged in tonight's weather. What I kinda wanted to do is I wanted to try to split some of the wood from the tree that fell on my house and burn that today, but everything's so dry in the drought that just seems like a bad idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

Yeah. Don't go lighting fires when when it's dry out. That's like the last thing Iowa really needs is on the derecho anniversary, a wildfire. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

Well, now you're making fun of me for this Miller 64, but this is this is like a summer beer, man. This is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

it doesn't get any more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

crisp and refreshing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

than water with a drop of beer in it, you know? So how does it taste compared to Miller Lite?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

Tastes lighter than Miller Lite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

Alrighty then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

No. I mean, yeah, I'll I'll make sure I have one for you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

next time I see you so that you can try it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

It's I don't know. It's not bad. It's just like when it's cold, it's nice and crisp and it's just like I'm I'm not sitting here drinking a beer right now because I'm committed to having a full flavored,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

wide ranging profiled beer. I I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

just wanted something cold and crisp that was carbonated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

that might have a hint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

of alcohol. I think if I were Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

Yeah. I mean, really, maybe. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

this is probably only a only barely a step up from O'Doule's, but less calories.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

So taste tastes better because O'Doul's is basically like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

awful. We'll just leave it at that. So I've never had Miller 64, but the last time I had a Miller Lite,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

I believe, was in Miller Park when it was still called Miller Park at a brewers game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

Why? You bought Miller

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

at a baseball like, that's that's a commitment because what was it, like, dollars for a Miller?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:57]

No. Not in Milwaukee. It was probably 5. The craft beer is only 9. So Oh, only 9. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

I'm I'm all about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

knocking the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

domestics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

right, just because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

it's it's cheap beer, and and you can do that. Right? Like, you can you can take pot shots at them. Right. They're big enough. They can handle it. But there when we lived in Pittsburgh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

their Miller made this thing. It was like a keg that like, a little mini keg, like, a gallon keg,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

with a tap. Right? It was carbonated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

and you just you put it into your fridge, and you get, like, draft beer from the fridge whenever you wanted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

and it was awesome. Like, I great it wasn't like great beer, but it was significantly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

than the bottle. I don't know why, like, because it's probably not, like, carbonated any differently. It just it was just really nice to, like You know that you can get one of those filled with Oberon when Oberon's in season. Right? Well, it's funny you mention that because on my vacation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

I actually saw those in the Oberon store, and no, I did not know that. I've actually never seen those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

prior to this trip. So that was that was enlightening. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

If they have them if they have them in Indianapolis, I just have never seen them. Right? So I was tempted. So I'm here in Cedar Rapids. So Okay. Well, maybe you should get one before you come out next time. You mean on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

Thursday?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

You're gonna spoil it. You just spoil it, John. We had to do this whole crescendo, a big buildup. You know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

I thought about getting one while we were at the Oberon or the Bell's store, but I instead, I wound up I got six different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

beers that I've I've never seen before. I think I sent you pictures of most of those. Yep. I'm getting ahead of myself here, guess a little bit because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

we we revealed big surprise in the last podcast that I went on a vacation, I took a trip, right,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

And And you were actually gone. Nobody knows when, but I'm pretty sure it was before we ever talked about it. So Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Who who knows, man? I like I realized today when the episode dropped

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

that I am totally out of whack chronologically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

as far as the podcast goes because we recorded so far ahead, like I I Yeah. It could be the furthest ahead we've ever had record.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

You had too much stuff going on. I I guess I did. I guess I did. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

we went up to the Big Rapids area of Michigan, which is North of Grand Rapids by hour and a half or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:27]

So which one's bigger? The Big Rapids or the Grand Rapids? Oh, Grand Rapids. I think Grand Rapids is actually the second largest city in Michigan. Well, I'm talking about I'm assuming there's rapids somewhere. There's gotta be a river that goes through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

The Muskegon River cuts through Big Rapids. I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

I don't actually remember any, like, rapids, though. If I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

don't think it's actually a feature of the geography.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

Yeah. I come to think of it. I don't I guess Grand Rapids has rapids somewhere too, but I don't know where. Cedar Rapids, I guess, has rapids

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:01]

on the Cedar River.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:02]

When it floods. Oh, yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Don't say that because that's usually around this time of year too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

John's not superstitious except when it comes to the weather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

Now, after living in Iowa for eight years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

Yeah. I listen, man. I feel you. I when we lived in Seymour, we had that tree fall in the house. After that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

like, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

my whole body would get tense when I would hear thunder and lightning. Right? Like, I I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:29]

it was impossible to relax. So I feel like that has subsided a little bit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

since my the hole in my roof was patched, and the tarp isn't blowing around, and so there's that. Yeah. I mean, having that tarp and having to, like, deal with it every time the wind blew, like, that's on my roof since the roof went on in March or whenever it was. So maybe I should do that for a derecho anniversary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

Five five five months without that trip to the roof. Good gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

we decided to take up a path that would cut us through Kalamazoo because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

I wanted to stop by the Lemon Family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

Cemetery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

which I remember going to as a kid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

you know, went went to a couple of of burials there as well. And it this is not like this is not like a big cemetery. It's a small cemetery tucked away,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

just off the Galesburg exit of I 94, which if you look it up, like, is is pretty close to nowhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

The only thing that's saving it from being nowhere is that there is a McDonald's at that exit. Nice. And so, thus, you know, it's not quite nowhere, but it's close. It's close enough to the interstate to have a McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

Yeah. Yeah. So I should actually I should check and see if the cemetery is actually five miles past

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

the exit because it it very well could be, and then Then it would be north. Cemetery would be nowhere. Right? Yeah. Okay. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

suffice it to say, you know, we stopped by there, and then I got to thinking, like, Kalamazoo is literally up the road, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

So we go to Kalamazoo, well, we should stop by Bell's. Yes. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

on Mondays and I don't know why places do this, but on Monday, the cafe at Bell's was closed. So did I get to have There's like no lunch. Nothing in Cedar Rapids is open on Mondays either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:16]

It's it's strange. That was Pittsburgh thing too. I haven't noticed that in Indianapolis. Maybe maybe it is, but I I just I haven't noticed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

But the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

the general store was open, and so we we went and checked that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

And, unfortunately, tastings and tours are all still shut down because of COVID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

you know, which which was a bummer, but I did buy stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

I bought Nice. Far more than I intended. So I got a hat. I got a missus Lemon t shirt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

Did I send you a picture of the hat? I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

Oh, this is it's like it's it's the most farm centric hat I could find. It's this big,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

like, John Deere green hat with the Bell's logo on it. Nice. So I'll I'll send that to you right there. But you uploaded it, and I haven't seen it yet. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

Yeah. Package got oh, did you really? Yep. You really? Our friends are Aaron Finker and Sarah Longmire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

I'm not gonna be able to wear that hat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

I so wish I'd gotten a different hat now. Oh, man. You ruined it, John. You ruined a perfectly good $20 hat. Hey, you Because I have part

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

ownership of the Green Bay Packers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

I do. But that's like, I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

whatever. Alright. Continuing on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

I found that they actually make home brew kits for some of their recipes. So their little hazy IPA is what I got. I don't I don't know if you've ever had the little hazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

I don't think so. Oh, it's so good. I'm I'm a I'm a big Hazy IPA fan though in general,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

but this this one looks good, so I I got it. It's all branded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

Bell's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

I didn't know that this was something that Bell's did, so I was pretty tickled by that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

And then they had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

mix and match six packs, which I thought was, you know, kinda cool. So I picked out six beers that I have not seen in Indiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

That included the the Juicy Goss, which is a juicy pale ale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

It included the I'm not I can never say this. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

I don't know if dad still listens, but he's gonna be embarrassed if I if I I botch this. But the Quinanan Falls,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

which is a dry hopped lager. I think I did alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

Seneca Village, which is a black IPA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

literally just says porter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

Alright. That's all it said. Robo robust porter, though, was the description of the beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

And then Black is Beautiful, which was a bourbon barrel aged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

imperial oatmeal stout.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

Oh, and the Expedition stout, was a Russian imperial stout. So all kinds of stuff there, and they were they're all quite good, honestly. Like, I enjoyed every one of them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:51]

Did you drink them all by the water?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

I would say almost all of them were drank lakeside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

Maybe one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

was had inside

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

the the cottage, but So you're drinking Michigan beer the way that Michigan beer is supposed to be drank?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

Yeah. At the lake. Now granted, after those six were done, all I had was Miller 64

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

thereafter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

Poor planning. We should have taken bottle of wine or three. Oh, I mean, we had we had a box of wine. We brought a bottle of box. I'm saying on the beer front, all we had was the Miller 64 because, again, like, I I really think there's something about a cheap light beer in the summertime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

that's just nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

I you know, and that's that might not be a classy attitude to take, but, you know, write to me. Tell tell me what you really think. I think that this is the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

time you spend in Seymour rubbing off on you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

No. I never I never drank Miller 64 in Seymour, at least not that I recall. Maybe I did. I I don't remember that. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

I don't know, man. It's it's a it's a vice. I'm not proud of it, but I'm not gonna sit here and be ashamed either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

So this this cottage, though, it was on a lake, about, like, a 120 acre lake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

Had, you know, kayaks, a rowboat, a paddleboat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

I took the kids out, taught them how to use oars and paddles and stuff, and then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

I also got the paddle around the lake. There was no WiFi at the rental.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

I thought that might be the case, but I wasn't totally sure until we got there. And then the best part was, cell service was totally sketchy. I mean, was awful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

For you maybe, Stan, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

you stayed in touch pretty regularly while you were on vacation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

I mean, I tested periodically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

like, just to see how things were going. But but here here's what I didn't do. Because I didn't have data, right, like, I mean, I I had data, but not a lot and it was slow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

What I wound up not doing was, like, all of the other stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

I normally tackle. Right? So I didn't pull up Mint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

I didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

check the news nearly as much as I I mean, I I pulled it up, like, once or twice. Right? I didn't spend time on Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

So all all those things, like, I I couldn't, and so it was a it was a forcing function, and it was actually pretty nice. I did spend a lot of time reading. I read three books while I was Lakeside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

one Sirius book and then two Star Trek books. Nice. So, you know, yeah. Nerd alert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

yeah, it was a nice vacation, John. It was unplugged, away from things. I did finally try your frozen pizza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

Yes. The home run and pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

Yep. Yeah. I gotta tell you, I'm not a fan of their cheese. That's that's really my conclusion. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

Tried tried two pizzas, left the second one. I the first one I felt might be a little runny, so on the second one, left it in a little long. Just not really my jam. I do think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

if you are gonna do it, it is best to like, you're gonna use a home run pizza, it's best to let it blister. Right? Let the cheese blister,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

which might be a little beyond their recommended cooking time, and that's okay. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

Crust is good. Very buttery crust, so it's it's hard like, can't go wrong if you put a whole stick of butter in a crust like that, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

Pepperoni was decent. I I get why this is your go to, like, think in in the words of the venerable missus Lemon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

it's a step up from Jack's. Or was that you? Did you That say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

was you. What did she say? Oh, she said it a step up from Tostino's. That's what I was. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

I I said Jack's where you can get three for $5 or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

Which, you know, like, I Jack's is like the Miller 64 of frozen pizza. Right? Sure. Like, there there's a time and place. There's like, if you were think about this. I I don't know. Maybe you don't have bars like this in in Cedar Rapids, but we've got this this little jazz bar that I really like in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

And I guess they have to sell food of some sort, and so they just do frozen pizzas. Nice. Right? But you've got you've got, you know, beautiful jazz music, live jazz music, and then you've got drinks. Right? Like cocktails

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

and some local beer. And then you have this super cheap overpriced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

frozen pizza, and for whatever reason, in that particular setting, that particular time, that frozen pizza is delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

You know what I'm saying? Everything's better with jazz.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

Hey. Alright. Yeah. Absolutely. How come you've never taken me here, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

You always take me to breweries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

Yeah. We that's probably why we we gravitate through there. I I didn't know that you would like a live jazz bar, and then COVID, John. Like, I don't know. I haven't been there in a couple years. So I've only seen you once since

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:34]

COVID hit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

Yep. So but we're gonna fix that, aren't we? We are. Thursday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

I'll actually be back before those airs. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

Yeah. So you're coming out, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

we have one goal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

which is to keg

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

the beer that we brewed Yep. Which is part of my New Year's resolutions. Now, it was not part of my New Year's resolution to keg it with you, but by golly, that's what we're Part of the beer brewing process.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

It is. Yeah. Although, I've never kegged before. Use a bottle. There's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:07]

just nothing that's gonna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

happen with this beer stain.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:11]

First, you left it in the garage too long. Now, we're gonna try to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

keg it when neither of us have any experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Oh, this is gonna be great. We'll find a YouTube video. It'll be smooth sailing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

It's a Cezanne, so it's not gonna have that, like, you know, profile of the Miller 64 that I I can just tell that you don't like.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

It'll it'll be fantastic. I'm looking forward to it. So So that's our goal. What are we gonna do the other four days?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

Yeah. We could the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

Bell's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

kit. I we would need to go get yeast. I don't have yeast for it. So, but that's that's a that's a solvable problem. We can tackle that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

I I wanna do a pork shoulder while you're here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

mainly because I have to feed you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

I was thinking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

I don't, you know, I I don't know what what the situation is gonna be like by the time you get here with Delta blowing up, like, who knows. Right? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

we could go up to Shake Shack and get a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

Oh, yeah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

Yeah. I've never been to a Shake Shack. We could do that. Well, so I've been to a Shake Shack only in Atlanta, and there's one up in Fisher's, which is a pretty good hike, you know. By the Apple Store. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

The Apple Store's along the way. You know you know how I'm thinking here. But we could go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

I don't know what else I could buy at this point. I bought the iPad. Right? Like Now we're just waiting for the iPhone event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

Yeah. And you're gonna finally get an iPhone. Right? Here's hoping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

And and new watches. I'm looking forward to new watches this year. But so we could do that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

was a little bit inspired because a friend listed the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

Jeff Elrod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

shared with us

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

a article about an upscale

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

milkshake bar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

in Buckhead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

Which is in Atlanta. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Buckhead Buckhead's like Northeastern

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

ish Atlanta.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

I we we talked about milkshakes that look like this. I guess it's called the yard. Right? Isn't that what it's called? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

I like, these look familiar to me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

and I can't place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

where I've seen them before. Yeah. I mean, we discussed a place There's a place once in the Chicagoland area. Right? Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

I wonder, this isn't the same place. Is it? That would really be something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

Do they have different locations?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

I would assume so. Because Louisiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

It's not Illinois, so Alright. It's not the same place. But this is like there's a whole meal on top of this. Like, I'm looking at one that actually has a doughnut

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

on top of the the glass jar. These are these are ball jars. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

And and I I gotta tell you, I've never had a milkshake like this where there's, like, a whole meal on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

I'm curious to try it, but at the same time, I I also just just wonder, like, at what point does a milkshake stop being a milkshake?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

You know? Like, I'm sure that thing that's below the meal on top, right, that's probably a milkshake. The thing on top, is it part of the milkshake or is it like a separate thing? Garnish. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

I mean, this is well beyond a garnish. Right? Like, I'm looking at one that has This is like those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

Bloody Mary competitions

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

and Oh, yeah. Yeah. Right. Let's Yeah. Put a fillet

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

as garnish on a Bloody Mary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

And at at that point, right, like, really, the the Bloody Mary is detracting from from the garnish, I guess. I don't know. Right. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

like, I'm looking at one on this site and it's got, like it looks like a a fish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

like, sugar cookie sticking out of a ton of frosting with a bunch of whipped cream, and then there is a a rod of rock candy. Now the rock candy could be considered a garnish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

but, like, there's a whole cookie on here, you know? Right. And and, like, a, quite frankly, a very large cookie. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

I wonder if you broke this down, like, the caloritic value.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

You know, is are there more calories on top or in the milkshake? That's the question that I'm left wondering here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

They've got milkshake kits. I wonder if we could order one of these. Gosh, this would be something, wouldn't it, if we could order a milkshake kit?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

Holy Moses. Here this is the mermaid milkshake kit. This is one I was looking at with the I guess it wasn't a fish cookie. It was it was a mermaid tail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

It serves eight, John. How how many how much money do you think this milkshake kit costs?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

$60.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

$129,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

my friend, which is $16.13

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

a milkshake. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

That's just crazy. Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

Yeah. Here's one with a whole muffin. So I I don't know. Like, I oh. This one, Green Mint Monster, it almost looks like it's tiramisu on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

See, I could get behind that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

Yeah. This is crazy. The stuff on top looks to be at least as large, if not larger than the milkshake itself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:12]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

I don't know. This would have to be a new category, Stan. Yeah. It would have to. I think the other thing the the challenge here is you cannot enjoy both the top and the milkshake together. Right. Right? There's there's physically no way to accomplish that here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

I don't even like, do you notice none of these have straws in them? Right? Sure. There's not a oh, there's here's one. The cookie dough delicious milkshake picture has a straw through it. I just can't imagine how you get a straw physically through the top of this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

edifice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

into the milkshake to drain enough of the milkshake to which you could collapse the edifice into it so that you could partake of both things together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

It's and and here's other thing too. If you if you just decide to go at this logically from top to bottom, so you work on the edifice Yep. Right, your milkshake's gonna melt. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

That that seems I I don't know. I I wanna try it. I'm not gonna lie. Didn't you have a gourmet milkshake place that opened up till that survived?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

Yeah. It did. I they they were not into this kind of milkshake. Okay. Like, they were into fancy milkshakes, but but I think it's called Gordon's. Gordon's milkshakes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

Yeah. Gordon's milkshake bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

When when we ate there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

gosh, almost two years ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

look at their Instagram account. I think that would probably give you some real live action. Like, put stuff in there. Right? Like, I'm looking at a milkshake here with a cookie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

Place. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

You know, again, like, I have no problem adorning your milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

with with various

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

accoutrements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

I do have a problem when it becomes so big that you now have something else going on on top, you know, I like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

It's it's kind of like the mullet of milkshakes in my opinion. Right? Like, you've got two different haircuts there. Somebody couldn't decide what to do and they slap them together and then, like, put a name to it as if it was acceptable, and it's it's not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

So why haven't you bought a actual milkshake mixer yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

Because I don't want to weigh 3,000 tons. That's really what it comes down to. Like, if I truth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

be told, if I had a milkshake maker, I would use it because I would feel compelled to because you spend a lot of money to get a milkshake mixer. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

And I I just don't need that, John. Like, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

I'm over here watching my sodium content, right, because of high blood pressure, and and you want me to get a milkshake machine. Like, where where does it end? So It's madness. What what I'm thinking is that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

we open a milkshake and barbecue place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

No. I can't do it, John. I'm sure, like, I it's my personal health. Like, I that sounds like a lot of fun. Right? It's the same thing, like, I've always wanted to open my own pizza parlor, but the problem with these things this is why I've never worked at McDonald's either. Right? The problem with these things is when you're surrounded by food, it's too easy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

to engage. Right? So it's like, oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

here's here's here's a pizza parlor and I'm making pizza. Let me let me toss like a pepperoni in so that I have it ready to cut by the slice to serve people. Well, then next thing you know, I've always got a piece of pepperoni pizza in my hand. Like likewise, if I'm in a milkshake bar. Right? And now granted, there's something that like a little bit assuring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

I like I don't I genuinely don't feel comfortable walking in a milkshake bar with a bunch of skinny people. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

So I I think I think in this respect, it could it could work, you know, right? Like, you know that I partake of the product and I enjoy it clearly based upon my waistline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

I again, I I I just I would like to see my kids graduate from college. That's that's really what this comes down to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

Fair enough. You could just make milkshakes for them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

Yes. I've tried that. It's so like, alright. Last night, I'm gonna last night, missus Lemon made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

red velvet cookies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

Right? And I was like, hey, we got some vanilla ice cream. Why don't you make sammies? Stick them back in the freezer. The kids can eat them later, you know? Come on. Doesn't that sound good? A red velvet Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

I snagged one red velvet cookie. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

And last night, we're we're sitting around the TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

They're eating their red velvet sambis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

and I could smell it, John. I could smell the red velvet cake and the ice cream and the combination that it made.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

It's just it's just bad. Like, I I don't I don't have enough self restraint. That's really what it comes down to. I am incapable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

of restraining myself in those situations.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

I'm with you, man, especially when it comes to m and m's or cookies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

Oh, yeah. Or you you know, put a Reese's peanut butter cup in front of me. Game over. Yep. You know? Heaven forbid there's a Snickers lying around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

So Good times. Good times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

Now, you what we could do, we could start a salad bar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

The problem is in order to make salad something that you wanna sell and eat, you put a bunch of stuff that's not good for you inside of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

Well, alright. That's fair. Bacon. So scratch scratch the salad bar. Yeah. Croutons. Bacon, Caesar dressing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Lots and lots of Caesar dressing, Parmesan cheese. We could put brisket on top of the salad. Oh, man. A brisket salad?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

I'm not sure if that's if that's, like, actually acceptable or not, but it's something I'd like to try. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

What would how did we get to here? Milkshakes. I wanted you to get a milkshake mixer so that we could perfect the milkshake recipe, but, you know So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

when when you're in town, I think we should try to hit up the Shake Shack. That's that's kinda my goal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:43]

See if they compare to Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

I don't think they're gonna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

top the Nashville place,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

Edelson place. For milkshakes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

Yeah. In particular? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

I Five Guys is the probably the the non

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

non Nashville place to beat, but I will say this. I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

they'll put up a respectable showing on the burger, and I would love to know what you think compared to a Shake Shack burger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

to a Five Guys burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

So Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

I'm in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

I I did have Culver's on this trip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

Was better the further north you went?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

You know, I like I here's the thing. It's a good burger. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

I don't know that I would go out of my way for a Culver's burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

Now Henry, like, lost his mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

but I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

what do have later? Oh, on the way down, on the way back, I actually had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

Quarter Pounder Deluxe. No. No. It was a yeah. It was a Quarter Pounder Deluxe from McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

What's a deluxe? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

they threw on this is this is actually pretty weird. I didn't even know this is a thing. I don't know if it's new or what. But it's a Quarter Pounder,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

lettuce,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

onion, tomato, and mayo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

And I like, I was I was actually sitting there trying to think to myself, like, have I actually had a burger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

from McDonald's with mayo on it? You know? And I I couldn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

I couldn't think of one. The may like, you you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

Burger King has the super runny mayo. Right? Like, the the really liquidy mayo. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

the Wendy's has the not overly thick mayo, but, like, it's a squirt. It's like the consistency of mustard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

I'm pretty sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

that McDonald's use straight up mayo, like, with a a knife to get it out of a jar because it looks to me like like like legit mayonnaise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

So this sounds like they haven't changed it since last time I had it on one of their chicken sandwiches.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

They put mayo on their chicken sandwiches at McDonald's? Yeah. Unlike the fancy ones. They keep changing the menu, I don't even know what's on the McDonald's menu anymore. But I always got the one with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:56]

I don't know. Was it provolone cheese or something on it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:59]

McDonald's has a sandwich with provolone cheese. Are you kidding? I don't think they do anymore, but they used to have like those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:05]

gourmet chicken sandwiches for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

And then They've definitely done a lot of experimentation lately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

It's so anyhow, suffice it to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

I took a chance. I I gambled on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

you know, hamburger at McDonald's, and I actually I actually liked it better than the Culver's burger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

So Really? There there you have it. Yeah. I did. I don't know Yeah. These chicken sandwiches now are new since the last time I've been to McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

How long has it been since you've been at McDonald's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

For lunch or dinner? A while. I think I probably had I'm not gonna two years ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

I'm not gonna sit here and discern between lunch and dinner because it's the same stuff, John. For lunch or dinner. But like for breakfast within the last two years, longer than that I think,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:54]

I don't think we've stopped

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:56]

because we always stop at Portillo's now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

the best time to hit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:03]

a McDonald's is during a road trip because it's fast usually, if you find a good one. It's yeah. Fast and consistent, like, you know, it just it just works. Yeah. They put mayo on the McChicken, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

See, I don't even know when the last time I've had a McChicken is. I used to get those in high school when I was 15. They don't generally put

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

don't generally put mayo on burgers. Nope. Right. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

that's that's what, like, threw me off a little bit, and and I I think there's something about mayo on a burger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

that can really bring out the flavor of the meat, you know Yep. That that, like, additional fat. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

I enjoyed it. I'm not ashamed to say that I liked it more than the Coler's burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

Not proud of it either, but I'm not ashamed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:46]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

interestingly, now totally totally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

the topic of hamburgers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

I was at Wendy's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

the following night to get Frosty's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

to celebrate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

the end of vacation for my kids. That was I I told them, like, before vacation was over, I was gonna get your Frosty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

Which is, by the way I've had a Frosty too. Oh, my gosh. Frostys are so good. They're, like, they're consistent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

you know? And it's just, like, it feels good to eat a Frosty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

I was there and they had a bourbon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

bacon cheeseburger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

at Wendy's. Interesting. I did not get one, but it's a quarter pound of fresh, never frozen beef topped with applewood smoked bacon. Sounds good. American cheese, crispy onions,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

and a sweet smoky bourbon bacon sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

I I feel like that's worth trying. Right? Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

I like bunny The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

guy after me in line ordered a triple of that and a 10 piece nugget.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

Yeah. I looked at him. Was like, man, you're gonna die before you turn 30. Yeah. But more power. More power.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

It's a big burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

It is. It is a it is a sizable burger. So Henry could eat it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

Oh, he he definitely could. He could absolutely slam that. In fact, I think at Culver's, we got him a double with pickles and onions. Nice. So I got like a single, he got a double with pickles and onions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

There you have it. Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

I think, my friend, that we have a plan. We're gonna we're gonna kick some beer. Yep. You're you're gonna try Miller 64. K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

And then we are gonna go to Shake Shack and get a milkshake and evaluate burgers. That's that's the plan for when you're in town, plus there's the pork shoulder. So am I bringing my bike or not? You should probably bring your bike. Okay. I think you should bring your tennis racket. Okay. And I think you should bring your Xbox.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

You want me to bring the Xbox too? Yeah. Why not? We could we could play a little little Overwatch. We can do that from home, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

Oh, that's fair. That's fair. You just don't wanna unplug it. That's what it comes down to. I can bring it if you want me to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

Figure I figure you can bring more in this trip because you're not bringing the dog. Yes. Much more room. Smaller car though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

Oh, there there's that. Hey, you know, the other thing is when you're here, I'll have you spread my fertilizer. You can show me how it's done. Alright. Sounds like That's on the grass for those falling at home, like, that's actual that's not a euphemism. That's lawn stuff. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

Okay. See you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

Alright, John. I think that's about as good as this episode's gonna get. It can't get any worse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

Ain't that the truth? This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Yep. It's still out there. Go get a vaccine.
