---
title: Patrick is Coming to Town!
episode: 33
date: 2019-02-28T13:12:39.000Z
slug: patrick-is-coming-to-town/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of "Investing 101", John discusses Wealthfront's new
  investment product called Wealthfront Cash, a high-yield savings account that
  earns interest without requiring management fees. He provides an in-depth
  review of the product and its features, as well as some valuable advice for
  young adults starting to invest. The conversation also touches on the
  importance of starting early with investments and using employer-matched
  retirement accounts.
keywords:
  - Wealthfront Cash
  - high-yield savings account
  - robo-advisor
  - investment product
  - risk tolerance
  - 401k
  - IRA
  - Roth IRA
  - retirement planning
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Alright. So we've got, breaking news that we should report.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

Do we have theme music for breaking news? I don't know. That would require you to do editing, wouldn't it? It would. Okay. Well, we'll just have to wait and see when this episode comes out if you took the time to edit or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:42]

A mystery.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

the breaking news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

Patrick Sturtevant, friend of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

has booked his flight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

to make it to Indianapolis for a special edition episode of Life with a Twist of Lemon, where we review Avengers four Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

And that stake that you're buying us afterwards. Right, Steve? Yeah. I'm definitely buying a stake. So Alright. The as as we record this today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

there are just shy of fifty nine days left until Avengers four Endgame is released. By the time this comes out, let's see what that'll be three days later, so fifty six days. But the point is, it's coming. It is less than two months away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

So are you as excited as I am? Because I'm really excited.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

And actually, Captain Marvel is what? Just two weeks? No. Yeah. Two weeks. Well, less than two weeks at this point. Less than two weeks. Yeah. Less than two weeks away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

I already have tickets to go see it in the IMAX and I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

planning to take missus Lemon out to see it the, for the second time when I go see it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

I have no IMAX and I currently do not have tickets, so I should get on that right after we finish recording. You should totally get on that. I'm actually a little disappointed that you don't already have your tickets. Now, I will admit, the other tickets that I'm getting, I have not bought because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

missus Lemon, if you happen to be listening to this, still has not contacted a babysitter. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

I I can't leave my kids, and I don't really wanna take them to see Captain Marvel until I screen it first. So Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

Yeah. Although, I will tell you, I am really really hoping that I can take the kids to see it because I am just so excited for Captain Marvel, and I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

really excited for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

such a strong heroine for my girls. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

Nice. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

I just saw

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

the Captain Marvel website

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

last week. Oh, it's awesome, isn't it? It is. Somebody was asking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

websites that we've seen with,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

interesting unique UIs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

but are still usable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

So naturally, I linked the Space Jam website.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

the person who I sent that to responded and said, you've seen the Captain Marvel one. Right? And I hadn't,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

so I went out. And that's marvel.com/captainmarvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

You'll enjoy it. It's it's pretty awesome because it's I mean, it it has that vintage feel. So the movie a good or a good portion of the movie takes place in the nineties. Right? That's kind of the the core elements to Captain Marvel's story. And so they gussied this thing up with, like, Comic Sans and bright colors and weird animations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

It was fantastic. It was absolutely fantastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

Animated GIFs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

Animated when they were cool the first time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

So I'm gonna be honest with you. I have not is this the original Space Jam website, like, the same?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

Oh my word. This is glorious. This is frames. These are legit frames.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

Oh my. This is so awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

That is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

possibly my favorite website design ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

Followed closely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

Is really bright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

My favorite modern design,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:05]

I think, is the air force recruiting site. So airforce.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

Airforce.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:11]

A really slick UI, and it's actually I'm being serious here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

Oh, that's a that's a lot of video right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

I'm impressed at how quickly this loaded.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

Oh, I dig this. This is very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

this is sharp, and it is counter to this growing trend of just like a blank white page.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

Man, this is nice. I like this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:44]

So all of the armed forces recruiting sites have decent design, but air force, I think, definitely takes it up a notch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

especially if you, like, click into the menu and Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

I love that. Wow. I just clicked on mission.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

Oh, that's great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

Wow. Okay. I would love to I would love to hear some Dig into that a little team. Yeah. Like this is oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

man. The animation on this is so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

clean and crisp and and just it it really helps communicate what's going on. I'm I'm truly impressed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

And we're running a FaceTime audio call right now too, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

it's running fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Yeah. The it's it's actually amazing to me how responsive it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Well, okay. Thank you, John. This is how I'll spend the rest of my evening after we're done here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Just exploring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

honestly seems like a really slick and sharp sight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

Yep. That's probably my favorite modern design.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

Yeah. Their first paint is insane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

that's pretty cool. That's totally not where I was expecting to go. It looks like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

forty seven point four milliseconds

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

for the actual page

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

to get transferred.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

Wow. Yeah. That's crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

again, Patrick booked his flight. So we're gonna do a little bit of podcast recording

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

where we analyze Avengers Endgame four. I'm looking forward to it. I'm looking forward to having both you and he here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

That will be the second guest ever to be on this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

The first being Lucy Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

we're gonna we're gonna make it special. It's gonna be a a bit of an unusual episode. There will be tons of spoilers, so just, be prepared for whenever that comes. And for those of you who have never met Patrick Sturtevant,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

he's got an awesome Texas voice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that East Texas though, like, he's he's very East Texas. Yeah. Right. He's not like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:56]

cowboy Patrick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

No. But that would be kinda funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

It would be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

we'll have to see we'll have to test him and see if he can do, like, a a nice big drawl when he talks just to kinda explore what that would be like.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

Either way, he's getting a kick out of this and laughing his head off. Yeah. Well, assuming he still listens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

Oh, Patrick does. Patrick is a faithful listener. Alright. Alright. Does he count as your listener or as my listener?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

I think he's a shared listener.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

Okay. Well, interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

Because we met him at the same no. You probably met him before me. I definitely met. I I was I was his friend before you were, John. I'm sticking with that. Patrick likes me the best. That may be true, but that's true for a lot of our friends, and they still count in my column.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

Yeah. I suppose so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:46]

Alright. I like you, Stan. Oh, thank you, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

Obligatory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

milkshake reviews.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

I hear that you got a milkshake this week. I had two milkshakes this week, Stan, but I didn't get a picture of the second. Woah. Woah. Two?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

Two? So that means that it didn't snow so much that you were snowed in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

Glorious. Alright, John. I am really looking forward to please, tell me about the first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

Alright. The first, you called me out, said it's been too long since I've had a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

So I made the trek to the Eastern Side Of Cedar Rapids to stop at Cold Stone Creamery,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

and I went with their O'Fudge

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

This is fascinating to me because I didn't know that Cold Stone actually did milkshakes. I really thought it was just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

milk like ice cream, you know, on the slab. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

So I'm I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

do they start by assembling ice cream the same way where you got your base ice cream and your ingredients and then they pound it out on the stone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

For the one that I got, no.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

the old fudge, which is one of their, like, standard milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:01]

basically, they just scooped their chocolate ice cream

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:08]

and added milk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

Now what what really what really got me was their

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

mixing technique

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

where they basically threw it into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

a commercial grade blender.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

No milkshake machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

So as a blender, I imagine it was very,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

puree like, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

No. Because I think the the ice cream is so thick to begin with. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

consistency

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:42]

wise, it turned out really good. I think that chocolate ice cream is a good starting place for a chocolate milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

It just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

those seem to come out the best for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

Overall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

nothing super exciting as far as milkshakes go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

Slurpability

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

was a little thick for the straw that they gave me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

but what I really enjoyed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

was the whipped cream on top.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

And I don't think that we give whipped cream enough attention

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

in these reviews. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

go on, John. Tell me more about whipped cream. I don't know. It was just amazing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

and light and fluffy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:23]

and delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

So did you just eat the whipped cream straight off the top, or did you, like, drink the milkshake, let it sell settle, kinda mix it in as you went? Like, what's what is your whipped cream strategy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:37]

So this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

strategy failed me. Normally, I would just drink the milkshake and mix in as I went along.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:44]

I got the milkshake to go, so they put the clear little dome on top,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:49]

and the whipped cream stuck

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

to the top of the dome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

So I ended up eating the whipped cream after the milkshake was gone, and I had returned home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

And you do were you did you have to use a spoon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

rather to get that out of the dome?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

I just used the straw like a spoon. Ugh. So you left you left perfectly good whipped cream behind. See, this is one of my problems with the dome. It's actually why I am not a big fan of a covered milkshake to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

I would prefer that it not be covered, or I like, this is gonna sound crazy, but I would prefer that they if they're gonna use the dome, right, which the dome is better than a flat lid any day, but if they're gonna use the dome, don't fill the milkshake all the way up. Give it a little bit of breathing room, so that when you apply the whipped cream, that dome doesn't rub up against it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

But then don't you feel wrapped up some milkshake, Stan? Well, that's that's why they have multiple cups in the store, John. Got it. So they put the the, you know, the extra

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

that would normally come in the metal vessel if you were staying there. You put that in another cup, and then you you walk out with two. To me, that's that's how you solve that problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

alright. I'm I'm looking at the Cold Stone Creamery website, and I I gotta say, I'm actually a little surprised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

that they don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

I mean, do they let you do every anything, like any mix ins, or is it just the five that they have advertised on their website?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

I don't know, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:16]

Just went for with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

my first stop there, I went with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

Cold Stone approved recipe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

Yeah. Which is the O'Fudge. I see that. What's interesting to me is three of these five have whipped cream. O'Fudge does not. However Nice. Three of these five, all the ones with the whipped cream, do not have straws. But the two that do, the cake batter and shake, which sounds kind of interesting to me because I'm a sucker for cake batter ice cream, and the o fudge have not one straw, John, but two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

Now did your milkshake come with one straw or two?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

It had one straw. Interesting. I wonder what the purpose of two straws is. I guess, if you were going to share with a loved one or significant other.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

Hannah did not go with me on this milkshake adventure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

I just feel like if you're sharing a milk straight milkshake with another human being or for that meter matter, a pet, whatever. If you're if you're sharing a milkshake, like, why do you care whether or not you have a separate straw?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

Unless I guess, unless you're going to slurp at the same time. Yep. Photo opportunity, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:24]

That We live in the we live in the Instagram world. I'm sorry. I think the idea of concurrent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

slurping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

is purely made for the movies. Like, that doesn't actually happen in real life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

this this to me is false advertising, the the Cold Stone website. It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

might among high schoolers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

Yeah. But no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

I don't. So how many out of curiosity, how many high schoolers do you think go to Cold Stone Creamery and think, oh, I'm gonna get a milkshake?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

Exactly. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

That's a a good point there, Stan. Alright. Thank you. Thank you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Okay. So was it how was this this looks to me like it's a pretty rich milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

It was rich. I don't think it was as rich as the Arby's one that you did not like.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

But but the fact of the matter is they started out with a high quality chocolate ice cream.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

I think that is a good starting point for a respectable milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I'm still a little perplexed by this mixing strategy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

I don't I don't understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

why. I mean, I guess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

is that, like, to tackle the fudge? Do they do that for every milkshake, or was it just the fudge, the o fudge? I did not see an actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:43]

mixer in the place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

They had, like, four blenders around the on the back counter. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

that, that's fascinating. I will tell you that I don't actually know where the closest Cold Stone is, but I am super intrigued to try a Cold Stone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

Creamery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

and see it for myself. I haven't had Cold Stone Creamery in quite a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

There was one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

I think there was one. What's the oh, marble slab. That's the other one, the the competitor. Right? Yep. There was a marble slab near the house in Pennsylvania that we went to periodically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

but it's it's been years since I've been to a Cold Stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

Makes me wonder actually. Does marble slab

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

make milkshakes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

I've never in my wildest dreams considered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

getting oh, shakes and smoothies right there. Now these shakes look very different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

Well, adding these to the list, both of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

That was the first milkshake job. That was the first milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

So this weekend, I had a surprise visit to McHenry, Illinois and then to Chicago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

So my in laws treated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:56]

us to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:58]

Julie Ann's custard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

where I also got a chocolate milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

Okay. Hold on. What did Julie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

Ann's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

custard?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Crystal Lake. So was this a custard shake or was it an ice cream based milkshake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

This was a custard shake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

So I would expect this to be thicker and richer. This was definitely thicker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

Slurpability?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

Slurpability

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

was was not good. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:30]

Taste was pretty good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

It was just kind of a classic chocolate shake there. I think that if we had one of the Wileepalooza size straws,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

we would have been great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

That's interesting. So do you feel like it needed more milk to melt more, or it was just like this this there's a chemistry problem by virtue of using custard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:55]

So I'd like to see what it's like with more milk. Just kinda thin it out a little bit and see if that would work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

Because essential Have you ever looked at their Instagram page?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:07]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

This is this is what teenagers do all day. This is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

they had a legit shake mixer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

but the there brand?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:25]

I think it's their own brand. No. No. No. Of the of the mixer. What brand mixer? They make their own mixer. Oh, I did, but I don't remember it, and I didn't take a note of it, Stan. I saw it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

This is important, John. I need to know how to spend all my extra money. One of my in laws will tell me next time they're there. Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

I think that you the mixer you were looking at around Christmas time, I think that's the way to go, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

I will say this this custard looks legit. I would definitely consume custard here. I just don't know. So I tried and I can't remember if we reviewed this one or not. I I tried

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

Culver's milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

and was pretty disappointed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

You know, Culver's is, like, middle of the road custard as far as I'm concerned. There's nothing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

wowing me there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

But the the thickness of custard in a milkshake, I just I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

that's not a drink to You know, it's in the same category as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

say Frosty. What exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Exactly. That's exactly what was gonna say. A Wendy's Frosty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

So so in terms of like, you know, overall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

would you say the Cold Stone entered into the top five?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

Have I even had five that I've reviewed, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

That's a good word. Alright. Cold Stone was a middle of the road. I am not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

I'm not in a rush to go back. Okay. Alright. That's that's I I respect that. I respect that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

Good deal. So I too had a milkshake. Actually, technically, I had two, but it was it was all part of one trip. I was in Fort Wayne again. I went to a Five Guys. I went to the other Five Guys though, not the one that I have been to in the past.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

And I got myself a chocolate peanut butter milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

which was awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

You're missing some banana in there, but okay. I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

I so I are they doing are they doing like actual slices of banana?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

actually. So then why are you telling me have you had the banana?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

Chocolate peanut butter banana, man. That's what I get almost every time I'm at Five Guys. If okay. If that's what you get, how do you not know whether or they're slices of banana, John? Because I don't think I've been back since we started reviewing milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

That is a travesty on so many fronts. I to me, that's an important detail. Like, you're just ordering food and you don't know what goes into it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

Yes, Stan. And I live a happier life because of that. Oh, lord have mercy. Alright. So I do not order blindly like that. I would need to know whether or not it was banana slices or puree banana. I would be concerned about banana slices because to me that seems like that is going to just constantly be clogging up the straw, and I'm not I'm really not a big fan of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

but I digress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

The milkshake is always smooth when I drink it, if that helps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

What about when you get to the end? Is there, like, a bunch of stuff floating around at the bottom? Nope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

I the the chocolate and peanut butter was based off of the milkshake I had in Chicago, the Oberweiss chocolate and peanut butter, which I think I think I said that was the best milkshake I've had thus far, and that still holds true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

I would say this was again another,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

like, stand up milk shake. It's definitely above middle of the road, not better than Oberweiss, but it it was good. This one was mixed consistently. I really had no complaints.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

The other milkshake I got and I I should, you know, qualify. I did not eat either of these milkshakes in their entirety. I shared them with my family. We did just have one straw. There was no picture perfect moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

So there you go. But the other one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

was Oreo cookie crumble. They were out of the Oreo cookie cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

Oh. I was originally gonna go for both, but they didn't have the cookie cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

That's what missus Colmire always gets. It was very good. It kind of reminded me of a Dairy Queen what do they call them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

The ice cream mixer things where they they blend it all together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:33]

Blizzard?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

That they serve upside down? Yeah. Blizzard. Yeah. They do it upside down. What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

Yeah. Every blizzard, they serve it. They hand it to you upside down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

to Why iron oregano do that? So they control that it's mixed well so that doesn't come out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

That doesn't make any sense. It just means it's cold.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

But that does that's not indicative of whether or not it's been mixed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

You have to go to a Dairy Queen now, and instead of getting a milkshake, you need to get a blizzard just so you can see that they turn it upside down as they serve it to you. Are are Dairy Queens even open in the winter?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

The ones that have indoor seating places and serve food are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Wait. Wait. Wait. There are Dairy Queens that have indoor seating?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

Woah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

I will have I will have to look for one of those because that's definitely not something I'm I'm familiar with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

I guess see, I Are are you gonna be here in a couple days, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

Let's not let's not let's not be prophetic, John. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

as I sit here and think about this, it's possible that some of the Dairy Queens that I have been to have a sit down place on the inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

but I'd you know what? And maybe I did go inside a a Dairy Queen once on a Higher Things conference, now that I think about it. I guess to me, it's always a walk up thing. Like, you walk up to the window and you place an order or you drive through. I just don't think of it as, like, go inside and sit down. Not like a McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

you know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

But they are both.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

The the Oreo milkshake was good. I think it would have been better with cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

That one, the whipped cream was blended into it as it melted and that was delicious. And I do recommend that. That's my preferred. I I love incorporating the whipped cream

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

into every bite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

So there we go. Enough milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

That's a that's a lot of milkshake talk right there. I I expected this to be a quick milkshake week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

And then I bring other milkshakes out of the blue. I think this is great. I think I think you should continue to try milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

You've got a lot of milkshakes to try just to get up to my level. We'll we'll just leave it at that. I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

So what else do you wanna do on this list? You got some weird ones here. You got this article. I did. You wanna talk about this article? Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:59]

paste things in here that catch my eye, and then we never get to it. So this was three weeks ago that I read this article, I think. Yeah. This article's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

titled Wealthfront joins the battle for deposits with with launch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

of a high yield cash account. Right. So So we talked about this a little bit because you were intrigued by the cash accounts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

that Wealthfront was providing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

Yeah. We should probably back up. I'm not sure that everybody knows what Wealthfront is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

Oh, can I add my referral code instead of yours in the show notes? Oh my goodness. You can do whatever you want, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

Thanks, Shane. Shameless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

Why why don't you just do do those even work? Do those even give you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

Yeah. You get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

$5 more managed for free. I thought they stopped doing that though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

Did they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

Oh, you're gonna find that when you go looking for that code. But let's I guess so. Why don't you give it a a stab and try and explain what Wealthfront is here, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

Wealthfront is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

kinda like this automated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

investing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

platform.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

It's based on rules,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

and they invest in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

mutual funds, basically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

There it's specifically like ETFs. Right? Exchange traded funds. And Right. If you look at what Wealthfront tends to invest in, they're they're really largely Vanguard funds. And if you're familiar with Vanguard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

I think you've got a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

low

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

expense set of investments,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

and they,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

at least in my experience, have been pretty good. Right? And there's there's this whole, like, ideological bit by the founder of Vanguard. I actually think he just passed away recently in terms of, you know, don't try and beat the market

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

and and try and, like, stay with the market. And so he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:47]

often pushed the idea of rather than, like, changing a bunch of stock

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

over constantly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

that you put your money in and you leave it there until you need to take it out. And I it's just ideologically very different approach, and Wealthfront capitalizes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

on those funds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:05]

So I use this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

only for retirement investing at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

So I first opened a Roth IRA on there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

I now contribute to that regularly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

I also have a traditional IRA on there that I rolled my four zero three b over from previous job.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

And then I recently opened a Roth IRA for Anna.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

So I'm managing three accounts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

in Wealthfront now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

been making money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

I haven't lost any money, which is good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

And they make it really easy. They have cool graphs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

I can set automatic deposits and pretty much ignore it until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

I'm ready to retire. I I think I think of Wealthfront as a tech company. Right? They are did you say the word robo advisor? Can't remember if you said that. Is that automated? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

one of the things you do when you set up an account with Wealthfront is you create a profile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

that is supposed to tell the story of your risk tolerance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

and that determines allocations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

into certain funds for you. Right? So the more risky I wanna be, the more, you know, percentage of the money I stick into it is going to go to funds that are considered high risk. And, you know, my my lower risk tolerance will go into, say, more bonds, that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

What I think is pretty cool about it is as your investments grow, right, the proportions that are set based upon your risk profile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

will shift because some things are gonna grow more at other times, some things are gonna slow down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

And Wealthfront will take a look at all of that and kinda move things around. They'll also do things like tax harvesting and some other kind of interesting techniques to minimize the burden at the end of the year. I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

you know, all in all, what I like about it is being a technology company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

they have spent a lot of time making the interface

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

really approachable. And so it's easy to see where my money's at and what my money's doing. The whole profile angle is also really awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

You know, I think in general, it's it's just a it's a nice clean product. And for folks our generation especially, it's just really easy to get into.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

Right. So this article that we're talking about, and I'll link that in the show notes as well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

comes on after they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:28]

have opened up cash accounts rather than investment accounts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:33]

So now you can set up, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

what your savings account would be and put it in there. And I don't remember what the interest rate is, 2.2

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

or something like that. I think it was 2.24,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

which at least at the time that we're recording is really competitive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

in in in the space. Like, typical bank, your PNC, your Chase, or whatever are not gonna be able to compete at that level. Maybe if if they do a CD or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

but they're not gonna hit that higher level. You know, your Discover savings or don't you use Ally. Right? I use Ally. Yep. Yeah. Those companies are able to get more into that, you know, two plus range. They're able to be a little more competitive, but the, the typical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

retail banks are not, at least at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

So, the article, the kinda overall point is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:24]

are people our age going to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:28]

just move to a completely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

online banking system?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

What I found interesting about this is I they they describe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

this like it hasn't already happened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

And and I think that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

naive on their part, because I don't know I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

mostly digital at this point. When was the last time you were in a branch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

Last time I was in a branch was when I was still in the apartment and needed quarters to do laundry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Okay. So that's that's been a bit. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Yep. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

for me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

I was in a branch the day that we bought our house because I got to check. I I was in the branch to close-up my house. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

Oh, really? You closed in the branch. That's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

Yep. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

you know, why don't you think before that? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

Before your quarter incident, like, if you look at the last five years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

do you think you've been in a branch more than 10 times?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

No. Yeah. Exactly. So I you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

we can say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

that we are still using a retail bank because my my primary checking account is with PNC, right, which is a national

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

retail chain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

But I I think we've largely already made the move to digital first banking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

because I I deposit my checks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

you know, the the physical checks I get on the rare occasion I get them. I deposit those with my phone. I don't even go to a branch for that. I Right. Almost never get cash. But when I do, I do it from the ATM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

you know. So, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

the only reasons I've been in a PNC over the last five years have been twofold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

One was the day of my closing, we got some cash back that I needed the deposit, and it was like a large enough sum that I couldn't do it on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

the the phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

And then two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

I needed to go in for for church stuff because I'm the financial secretary. I need to get like deposit slips and hand over forms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

But if you take that out, like, literally the last five years, it's probably been that one time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

that I needed to deposit that one very large check.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

Right. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

I I don't I I think I think that ship has sailed. And I think our generation, even my parents' generation, are doing more online banking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

I think what's interesting to me about Wealthfront is not so much that it's it's an online bank.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

It's that it's it's really appealing to low risk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

individuals

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

that want a lot more flexibility

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

or liquidity, I should say. They want they want more liquidity. Right? Because this whole Wealthfront cash thing is about being able to get your money in and out while still making a nice dime on it in a very little amount of time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

You know what else I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

I'm drawn to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:15]

is these banks are open

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:18]

whenever I wanna do things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

They aren't open from nine to five when I'm sitting at my desk in the office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

Yeah. That's I think that's a definite problem with retail banking today. Right? And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

you know, you see that same issue trickle over into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

mortgages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

You see it trickle over into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

life insurance, car insurance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

A lot of those financial service oriented

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

elements of the industry, right, are losing appeal to those of us that have what are quite frankly, like, demanding jobs during the day, you know. Right. My schedule is not so flexible that I can just drop everything and go to the bank. And I think some of this is reactive to that. That's that's for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

you know, another another element of it is just the fact that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

you've you've got, I think, a better interface to the whole thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

So here's here's the other thing I will say about Wealthfront in particular. When I log in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

and this is different from my PNC account. Right? When I log in and I click on an account so I click in, I've got a joint investment account, and then I have a Roth IRA, and my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

beloved has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

two accounts as well. But when I log in, I have this just glorious graph

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

that shows the life of my account. It shows the money that I've put in, like the line, a line that shows that, as well as the just investment activity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

And there are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

various dots marking when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

losses were harvested, things of this sort. Like, it it is a super helpful way for me to see what has happened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

with my money since it's been here. And I don't get that from PNC. At best, I can,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

copy the values for my starting and end deposits

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

or starting ending balances rather into a spreadsheet and make myself a graph. Right. That's that's as close as I can get. Yeah. Ally is the same way. There's no graphs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

You have a nice summary view that tells you where your accounts are at on the home page,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:20]

and then it just basically has transaction history like you would see most banks, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

So I I should look. I don't think Discover has any visualizations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

I use Discover savings for my primary savings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

because they had a nice competitive rate. I think we're at 2.1.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

So it's it's a little less than Wealthfront, not a ton.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

yeah, I'm not seeing I'm not seeing any kind of visualizations here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

So I think I think the reason, if I were to switch at this point, would be for visualization.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

It would be for kind of that insight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

I I don't see that, at least at this point, driving me to make that change, but it it is enticing. And I will say, as of late, I've been putting more money into my joint investment account. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

I'm spending more time at Wealthfront. Maybe it'll lure me over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

We'll we'll see. Time will tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

Here's the other thing that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

that comes to mind with Wealthfront doing this. I don't know about you, but I I loathe having multiple accounts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

with different services. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

So today, I've already listed. I've got my PNC checking account. I got my Discover savings account. I got a Chase Visa card. I've got my Wealthfront investments, plus I got my Fidelity, my E Trade, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. Right? And I like the idea of consolidating some of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

you know, from from that standpoint,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

I don't know. I didn't see if Wealthfront has any ATM capabilities. That would be really interesting. I haven't looked at that either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

You know, as you as you've got less to to manage in terms of accounts and stuff, you're able to see that whole view of everything. This is why I like Mint, interestingly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

But I think there's appeal to that. I think that's also kinda what Wealthfront is playing to Right. With this announcement announcement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

are you gonna make the switch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:14]

No. Probably not. I'm pretty happy with Ally. The worst part was getting the account set up in Ally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:20]

But now that it's there, I I enjoy it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

One of the other things that strikes me about this, I I'd be interested to know how this is set up from just a regulatory standpoint because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

I for a long time, you know, banking industry has changed, but I I read that book about JPMorgan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

That Ron Chernow wrote. And there was a point in time where they had to split up their deposits as well as their investment or securities business.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

And I don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

the way that Wealthfront cash actually exists, it behaves more like a security. But to me, that's also interesting just in terms of how is Wealthfront able to do this. I also have not checked, maybe you have. Do you know is Betterment doing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:04]

something similar to Wealthfront cash? You know, I haven't really paid any attention and I haven't seen anything pop up in Twitter. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

I do not see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

I see it. What's smart saver?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

Oh, a savings account alternative.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

So they are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

And their rate is competitive. So I wonder who came first. It'd be interesting to see when they had released this product. Betterment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

for those that are listening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

is one of the I I would say it is the primary competitor to Wealthfront or maybe Wealthfront's their primary competitor depending on how you wanna look at But again, just another robo advisor. Think I'm trying to remember who else is in this space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

Is it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

oh, there's one of the big investment firms got into this space too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

But I it's I don't know. I like it. It's been good for our family thus far.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

So I'll link to it. Check it out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:00]

Use my referral link and you get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:03]

$5,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:04]

and I get $5,000 managed for free. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

The way you said that, it's like they're gonna get $5,000 free. No. They will get $5,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

For managed free. For free. What managed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

means is you will not get fined or not fined. Will not get charged the fee for having your money managed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

in the various investment funds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

So No free cash. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:31]

think you need $500 to open a retirement account.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

That's probably right. I think Betterment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:39]

did Betterment remove the Theirs is balance? I think theirs is really low.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

Anyhow, if you don't I I would say this. This be my final pitch. I'm I'm not nobody's paying me. I'm not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

I'm not I'm not, like, able to legally give investment advice by any stretch. So please don't, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

don't do whatever it is people do that require

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

those disclaimers to be put on podcasts in the Internet. But but I will say this, if you do not have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

an IRA, if you do not have a Roth IRA, or you just even if you don't have, like, a general investment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

account of any sort, you should take a look at Wealthfront. You should create yourself a profile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

kinda see what your risk tolerance is, and consider putting some money aside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

Especially if you don't if you're if you're not employed by somebody who offers you a four zero one k, then you should be getting an IRA, a Roth IRA. But, you know, you look at them both. They've got websites that'll help you figure it out. But get one and just start putting a little bit away. This is the best way that I can think of to get started

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

with an investment of this sort, especially if you want to, like, do it yourself rather than go into, say, the Edward Jones office

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

and talk to an investor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

and kinda, like, go through that whole rigmarole. I don't have time for that. I kinda wanna just take charge of my own. That's that's also another element of why I really, really like Wealthfront.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:05]

I think that if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:07]

I had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:08]

any advice to give to my younger self, it would have been start earlier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

Like, if you're a high schooler with a job,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:19]

that is a great time to start throwing whatever money you can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:24]

into an investment account.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

Yeah. And I and I'll say this, if if you get into this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

it's gonna be hard out the gate. Right? Because you're gonna be shrinking your paycheck

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

the first time you invest. So you're not gonna be spending that money on, you know, maybe tickets to go see Captain Marvel in less than two weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

But you start with a percentage of your check. Right? And in theory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

as you stay in the workforce, you're going to get paid more. So that that amount's gonna go up just by virtue of you making more. But the other thing that I always recommend people do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

is right around the time that they get their annual review, they get their raise, or maybe just once a year, you pick whenever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

Increase that percentage by one point. Right? So if you're at 5%, go up to six. The next year, go up to seven. I just keep slightly easing it up because what you want to do is you wanna get into that 15%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

range,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:19]

right, where you're you're just piling some money into savings so they can grow and do its own thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

I highly recommend that if you're not doing it, start. Even if it's the smallest amount that you can make as a deposit, that's that's as good a place as any and it's better than nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:36]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:40]

I think that is an episode my friend. We've managed to talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

milkshakes. We've managed to talk about Patrick coming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:46]

and we've managed to talk about investments. Investments. Web design. What more Don't forget web design. Oh, yeah. Web design. Awesome. Awesome nineties web design. Everyone should check out the Captain Marvel website. If you haven't, go there right now. As soon as you're done, please swing over to iTunes, leave a review with Life With A Twisted Lemon. You can also find us on Twitter and Facebook at twist of lemon pod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

and our website is twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:10]

I think I got that all right. Did I, Jonathan? That was right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:13]

Better than Bored Card could ever do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

I think that's a wrap.
