---
title: 'Fort Wayne, Milkshakes, and The Death of Twitter'
episode: 7
date: '2018-08-30T07:00:54.000Z'
slug: fort-wayne-milkshakes-twitter/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

drove the Fort Wayne and back today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

That's only, like, what, two hours for you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

Yeah. It's a long two hours, though. I mean, have you ever seen that space?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

I drove to Louisville and back last weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

Yeah. But didn't you have company?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

I guess if you count Emily and my wife who were asleep the whole time. Well, I count I count your wife. Emily, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

she's not gonna listen to this, so I can say, I I don't really count her.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:55]

Emily is my sister-in-law for those listening at home. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

Yeah. No. My trip was solo. Was just me in the car in the road.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

I hit the road at eight. Got there around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

10:00.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

Was there till noon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

And here's here's my revelation for the day about Fort Wayne.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

When when I was in college, the it was, like, the cool thing to drive out to Fort Wayne and, like, sit in class at the seminary or whatever. I I I'm using finger quotes as I say cool. Cool. Whenever we got there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

there was nothing to eat. Like, they had a McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Really? If I remember right, they had a Hooters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

neither of which, digestively,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

were ideal for the return drive back to Chicago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

It it like, food was always a problem. And then the alternative was you could eat in the cafeteria at the seminary, which was, you know, from my standpoint expensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

and the food was not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

But this trip, I noticed they've got stuff to eat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

Like Yes. Decent places to eat. Lots and lots of places to eat,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

and that is about the only thing Fort Wayne has going for it. They got the they got the tin caps. Yeah. Tin caps baseball.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

Which I don't even know. Stadium now. Very nice stadium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Are they are they double a, or do do we even know what they are? I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

Don't know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:15]

team they're connected with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:17]

All I know is they play in Downtown Fort Wayne now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

I've been to one of their games before they moved to the downtown location,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

and it was a very fun experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

Okay. Well, that's good. Maybe I have to do that sometime. I'm gonna be going up there a little more frequently. But it was the so today, I ate at Moe's Southwest Grill,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

which Yeah. Yeah. One of those in Cedar Rapids. Yeah. It's decent. Right? Like, for Yep. For lunch on a Tuesday afternoon before I drive back, like, there are definitely worse ways to spend my lunchtime. Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

I ended up there because it was next to the Jimmy John's because I I vaguely recall there being a Jimmy John's in Fort Wayne. It was a different Jimmy John's than the one I ended up at. But it was it was right next to the Jimmy John's, which was right next to the Culver's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

And this is all along my way to the expressway. So I thought to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

this this is okay. I can I can handle this? You know, maybe next time I'll do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

it's it's the Butter Burger, right, that Culver's has?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

we have to follow-up on the milkshakes, but this is a this is a good transition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

At Culver's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

when you order a milkshake, it's like it's it's basically their custard that they use as the base. Do you count that as a milkshake? Because there is no way it is consumable by a straw.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:32]

I honestly don't know that I've ever had one, but I probably wouldn't count that as a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

Yeah. I I think I'm with you. I've I've had them. I've had a couple, actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

And because so when I'm when I'm driving and we, like, run through to get custard for the kids or whatever on that rare occasion that we're out and about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

I I can't do, like, custard in a cup while driving down the road. Like, it it doesn't work. So I I get the milkshake. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

always way too much, even the small. But invariably, I order it, and I'm all excited about a milkshake, and then I can't slurp it through the straw. So we drive all the way home. By that time, it's soft enough that I can slurp it through the straw, but I also have both hands because now I'm home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

Right. So it's it's a So you should have just taken the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

two minutes that it would have taken you to eat a cup of custard and been done with it. Yeah. That's the moral of the story. You know, get out get out of your car. The drive through is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

worthy of your time. Get out of the car, physically walk into a place, sit down with your family,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

and eat custard. That's the moral of the story.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:32]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:35]

this past weekend, I had two milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:37]

which I know is a little crazy, but it was both on long trips to Louisville and back home from Louisville.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

First one was a Portillo's chocolate shake, not the chocolate cake shake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

Yeah. We stopped at Portillo's in Peoria this time. Usually, we stop at the one in Champagne, but we stopped at Peoria.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

And I was honestly kind of underwhelmed by the chocolate shake. Wait. What? Didn't have a great chocolatey flavor to it. It was a little thick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

Yeah. Portillo's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

kinda failed me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

No way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

So I I actually have, like, really good memories of Portillo's milkshakes. Admittedly, it's it's been a few years since I've had one. However, there is now a Portillo's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

within, like, 10 miles of my house. There's actually two. If I extend the range just a little bit, there's two in Indianapolis now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

One on the South, one on the North. I have not been to the South Side one, but I will take it. I will I will burden myself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

with podcast homework for next week by going and getting a milkshake prior to our recording and sampling it in order to ensure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

you know, that that the analysis you're about to give us is is correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

So I do remember having, like, a strawberry milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

last year sometime maybe from Portillo's, and that was pretty good. I've tried the chocolate cake shake. I can't really get over the actual cake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

texture in the milkshake. It I can see why people like it, but I don't like cake to begin with. So it's kinda weird for me. To me, it's like the cold stone of milkshakes. Right? So you order a milkshake, and you expect a certain texture and consistency,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

which will come up through the straw, you know, in a relatively uniform way. The the strawberry milkshakes are always kind of the variant because you always have, like, chunks of strawberry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

I the the thing with, you know, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

cake milkshake or some of the other craziness that's out there today is first of all, they usually defy the straw. Right? They they only serve to block it up, then you gotta Roto Rooter your straw in order to move on. But I it to me, it's just it's like the cold stone of milkshakes. Right? So rather than just have ice cream, you gotta throw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

you know, stuff in there to make it good. And that's that's not okay with me. Like, your your milkshake base has to be substantive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

and and truly wonderful on its own.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:55]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:56]

I'm with you, man. Alright. So that was the first milkshake, Portillo's. So on the way back, we stopped at Arby's, and I got a chocolate shake from Arby's, and it was like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

Ghirardelli chocolate shake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

Consistency

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

was on point and a delicious

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

chocolate flavor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

Little too much whipped cream for my liking. You can I can do a little bit of whipped cream, but too much then but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:22]

that was very good? And also served at a much more reasonable size than the Portillo shake was. So they're using Ghirardelli chocolate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

in an Arby's milkshake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

I think that it was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:36]

like, a chocolate sauce that they included.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

Don't think it was actual, like but, yes. Yes. They are. From Ghirardelli. I mean so here here's the thing. I I have this long running suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

that Arby's is the hidden gem of the fast food world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

And I think it gets a bad rap. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

But but this plays into that because that that is a leveling up situation there to use something from Ghirardelli in order to make your chocolate milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:06]

It was it was delicious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

Great consistency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

So Great flavor. Would you now if you remember the past episode, you were, like, heading up to Cedar Rapids or something to get a milkshake there. Hamburg Inn in Iowa City.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:21]

That was the goal. It was the Thursday Thursday milkshake run when students were back in town at the University of Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

So there were, like, 20 of us that showed up. We walked over to the Hamburg Inn, and the place is pretty busy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

And they asked us to wait outside until,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

like, there's room,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

and we ended up completely skipping the milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

run and went over to a frozen yogurt place. So I have nothing to report on the Hamburgens milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

Okay. Well, I I still feel like you should at some point make it there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

in in early analysis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Again, homework for the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:59]

Homework for the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

And I really like bike there. That will make me feel better about it. They they just tell yourself that. I I'm just trying to I wanna wrap my head around it. You couldn't get a milkshake, so your go to was Froyo?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

Yeah. I mean, Chapel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

is right off of the University of Iowa campus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

And so the student leadership team

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:22]

made the decision to go to the Froyo place that's in the Penn Mall. So there's this place where people just walk through. There's a bunch of shops and restaurants and stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

There's actually two Froyo places that I've been to down there now, and I think that the other one was a little better. But maybe it's because I met the owner and stuff like that. So Are the are these undergrad students or these graduate students typically?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

For the most part, undergrad students. We do have a couple of graduate students in music programs and stuff like that. I was just gonna say, like, going from a milkshake to Froyo seems like an undergrad mistake. Like, that doesn't seem like the kind of mistake that a graduate would would have, especially not a PhD student. So one of the students on the student leadership team, Hannah,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

has been telling me that she's gonna listen to this podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

So try not to insult the nice college students that I really enjoy having church with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

Is she an undergrad?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

She's an undergrad. I think she's I think she's a sophomore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

Okay. Well And and she Yep. She played into this decision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

Last time, she told me that she had downloaded all of the episodes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

and listened to any yet. And I mean, she like walking across campus to class all the time. So it's not like there's not time to listen to us talk about whatever we have talked about. I listen. I have to I have to stand by my principles here. Yeah. Okay? So if she does happen to listen, I I I need to be clear. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

we can call it an undergrad mistake. We can call it silliness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

We can call it amateurish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

rookie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

what whatever. But, you know, going from a milkshake to froyo is a is a downgrade. That's not like educated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

adults don't make that mistake. That's all I'm saying. That's that's all I'm saying. So think that what played into this decision was there was 20 of us, so they were trying to think of a place that would, like, have room for 20 of us to sit down. I I just refuse to believe that there was not a legitimate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

ice cream or custard or milk shake alternative

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

within proximity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

That I like, within walking distance. These are all presumably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

healthy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

young people. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

Right? Yeah. There's no excuses. No excuses. And just to be clear, as the designated adult in the group, you should have stood up for this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

Yeah. It would have been better to find a milkshake. I did express my disappointment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

but, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

you know what you should do, Stan? Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

You should make a donation to Saint Paul's Lutheran Chapel and University Center in Iowa City, Iowa,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

so that we can attempt this milkshake run again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

How much are we talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

I don't know. How much is a milkshake? Like, $4?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

$4? Where are you getting a milkshake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

The hamburger getting number two. Take him take him to to Arby's for Pete's sake. Take him to Arby's? Alright. Then it's, like, $2.50 or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

Yeah. So no. No. Not on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:19]

Well, let me talk about that. Do. We should make homemade milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

Or chocolate milkshakes as the case may be. You could even sell those as a fundraiser.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

See? You're welcome. Enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

enough milkshake talk for today. Let's talk about something a little less depressing than, you know, foregoing a milkshake for Froyo. Let's talk about Twitter being dead.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

Do you see this? Right. That's not that's not depressing at all. Why do you hate Twitter, Stan? Twitter solves all my problems. They let me know if other people are having issues with the programs that I use,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

basically, I just respond to your tweets. That's what I use Twitter for. Yeah. So let me let me give some context. Because I sent you a text message, I think, when this all went down. But, basically, they shut off access to certain APIs for third party developers, and this has this has been killing me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

I I was I did not use the Twitter app. I barely ever used the website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

And I was using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

Tweetbot in particular, but I also occasionally used Twitterific, two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

well, formerly fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

Twitter apps, and, you know, Twitter is slowly trying to neuter them. So here's here's here's the thing, though. This is what what's gotten me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

I I opted to to remove those apps and try the native Twitter one, and it is awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

Like, it it it It is. It is terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

So I'm finding myself not using Twitter. That's that's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

the pendulum has swung. And I know that Twitter says that I'm in the minority for using a third party app, but I like, Twitter is dead to me, dude.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

I have I have no social network life anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

Around the same time, they actually killed off the OSX Twitter app, like, just the Twitter app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

Oh, that's not even a thing anymore?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

Yeah. On OSX. It's not I think they bought out TweetDeck. Right? Because TweetDeck is what I use now. Well, they they bought out TweetDeck forever ago. They also bought out Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

I think it was called Tweety.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

I think that's right. Right. I remember using Tweety. Yeah. Way back in the day. Like, this was the Mac client, and supposedly the iOS client rolled into the Twitter app, but who knows anymore? But the the point is, like, that was a that was a great app. It was a third party developer app. It was so good that Twitter bought it, and they're just I I don't know, man. They're they're killing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

the ecosystem for me, and I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

I just am not having it. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

what I realized this week is I primarily use it for, like like, information consumption, particularly around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

software

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

stuff in my field. And Right. I don't know how to get that information other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

than than from Twitter or from visiting all these sites.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

And I'd like, I'm I'm actually a little I'm unsure what I'm gonna do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

You're gonna go end up at Reddit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

Oh, gosh. No. Reddit's the only other place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:12]

I I can't do that. Maybe you can start working there and make the whole UI and UX not as terrible as it is. Dude, I think they're proud of the UI UX. I I think they probably are too, but that's what keeps me away from using it. So it's like, I think in our first episode, we said that people can talk about us on Reddit and we'd never see it. So There you go. It's still true. I'm not I'm not going to Reddit. Let me let me ask you this. Are you a a Twitter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

totalitarian?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

No. That's not the right word. A Twitter totalist? A Twitter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

absolutist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

I don't even know what the right word is. Like, do do you have to read all of the messages on your timeline, or do you just kinda pick up wherever?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:54]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

on Twitter now, I just follow enough random, mostly WordPress stuff that I don't really care. I do find myself going to specific profiles a lot to figure out if they've posted anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

Now Instagram

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

Facebook to a point, was definitely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:13]

a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:15]

total consumptionist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

We'll call it that. Where I where I had to see everything that's going on, and it drives me nuts with the algorithms where it's, like, moving things around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

Like, if I go to somebody's profile, you shouldn't show me things that I haven't read when I'm looking for the thing they posted most recently and trying to reference that. So that drives me nuts. Well, and Instagram

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

ruined this recently, didn't they? Maybe recent's a bad word. Maybe it was like a year ago. But they used to be purely chronological

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

on the main timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

And they they But on Facebook acquired them. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:49]

There I have been seeing on Instagram recently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:52]

they, like, have this green check mark that says, hey. You've now seen all the posts or all recent posts or something like that. So I don't know if they're lying to me or if that's actually true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

Yeah. That's the million dollar question. Right? Do you trust the check mark? So with with Twitter, I was I was using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

Tweetmark, which a bunch of apps integrate with in order to track my position. And I I was a I followed it in totality. Right? So I made sure I read every message, which sometimes is a little daunting. And I I there's part of me that's always wanted to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

not do that. Instead, what I've done is I've just unfollowed people that I either

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

They don't have anything valuable to say or I I don't wanna read. But I I I don't know. Like, my whole world's turned upside down, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:36]

And you have played in the developer API space with Twitter as well with the greatest Twitter app ever made, which was web interface

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

called

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

Twitterpate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

and it was the greatest thing ever. I think I don't know her name was. It was short lived. I I owned twitterpate.info.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

The whole thing was an exercise on threading.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

it because, know, this like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

replying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

on Twitter was not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

it wasn't a thing that happened originally. Like, be it's kinda started by accident. And then eventually, they start tacking on IDs so you could sort of see a thread. But none of the the UI actually threaded anything. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

my, like, foray into the Twitter API was to basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

impose threading from a UI standpoint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

using those IDs and creating a big map.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

And then also, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

changing the sort of your timeline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

based upon conversations that had activity. So a whole thread would move up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

And, you know, a lot of this, like, kinda happens now in the new Twitter app. Like, they kinda covered that space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

Right. But at at the time, it was it was an

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

unheard of thing. Never really took off, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

I was an avid user.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

I've been the avid user of lots of apps that you've created that nobody else have used. Yeah. Well, if only I had a marketing department.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

Good grief. Hey. Hey. Jay Growl has taken off. You are still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

seeing activity on Jay Growl. That is true. I I I it still amazes me. That's an open source project for anyone that's listening to Carriers. You can find it on github.com/stanlemon/jgrowl,gr0wl.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

Or tweet at Stan Lemon. Yeah. There still gets notifications

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

for mentions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

Maybe. We'll see. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Don't don't even get me started. That was one of the things that broke. I didn't get I didn't get notifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

a direct mention a direct message. I was like, what what is this what's happening? Like, I should not be opening up my Twitter app and be surprised.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

So why are you still on Twitter, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

I told you. It's it's largely for information consumption. Like, it's it's about the the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

engineering find the information you're looking for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

Well, it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

it's it's more about the information that I don't know to look for. Right? So Right. New version of software released, or there's some interesting paradigm or article that's floating around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

I I don't know. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

So Twitter's not dead. They've just made the lemon angry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

The lemon sour as our friend Borgardt would say. Yeah. I'm I'm very sorry about it. I just to be clear. Right? Like, I'm not big on Twitter as a conversational tool, so I don't like, long discussions on Twitter, that's not really my jam.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

Information

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

sharing is is interesting to me. It it I often think of it as the replacement in my life for RSS. Like, when Google Reader died, Twitter became more important. I I actually if I look back, I went from checking Twitter, you know, every couple days to basically checking Twitter multiple times a day about the time that Google Reader fell off the map.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

Do you use Feedly at all?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

I don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

I tried.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

I I I don't know, man. I don't know what it was about it. I it just it wasn't doing it for me. Do do you? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

I don't actively anymore because I basically find my stuff now through social media via Facebook or Twitter, then I add it to Pocket. And then, like, once every three months, I say, oh, yeah. I've saved a bunch of awesome stuff to Pocket, and I start reading through it. And then, like, every time I look at my Pocket stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

it's awesome stuff that I've saved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

I just don't read things out of it regularly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

which I guess is the point of Pocket is to save things to read later. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so I I use Pocket as well. I'm an avid Pocket user.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

And I would say I probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

probably do, like, a massive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

through once a week. But I read I read it periodically too, like and sometimes I clip things just to know that I'm gonna come back with couple of hours. I don't read through Pocket

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

linearly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

To me, Pocket's in this sweet space where it kinda behaves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

like my RSS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

feeder did in terms of, like, how I consume,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

but it's open ended in how stuff gets in there. I just wish that there was better,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

yeah, like, better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

data feeding into it, like, more automated. I don't know if you remember ZEIT. Do you remember ZEIT?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

I do remember Zite. I never used it. I was a big Zite fan. I think was it Flipboard bought them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

For me, Zite was the it was the proper combination of algorithm and manual capture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

in terms of, like, subscribing to specific feeds or whatever. I I missed that. I I never got into Flipboard. Flipboard drove me nuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:31]

But it was, like, the only app that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

people installed on their iPads when the iPad first came out. Yeah. It was it was a heck of an experience. Right? You get the, like, the the whole turning animation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

It's kinda how they how they got their, their feet wet there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

But I I don't wanna talk about iPads. I wanna talk about your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

My laptop is so awesome. Right now, I see on my touch bar, Stan Lemon FaceTime audio.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:56]

We've been on this call for twenty three minutes and twelve seconds. I can end the call. We could go to video chat all from the touch bar. But you know what I use touch bar for the most?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

Opening one password

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:10]

with touch ID.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:12]

That has saved me tons of time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

What I don't like is that I had to buy this $60

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

dongle so that I can use my microphone and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

connect to my HDMI

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

thing. I guess I could have bought a $30 cable to connect the HDMI monitor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

So Which which dongle did you get? Did you wind up getting a Lenovo or did you get something else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

No. I just went with the Apple one because it could pick it up at Best Buy quickly and they were sold out of all the other things. That's that's probably a good bet. So I've I've got two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

I don't know. Do you call them dongles or do call them hubs? I don't even know what the proper term is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

So the dongle actually has, like, a short

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

two inch cable. A hub, you would disconnect, and it would be like a brick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

So okay. You've seen my Lenovo one. Would you call that a a dongle or a hub? I would call that a hub probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

I think I only call Apple things dongles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

mostly out of, like, the iPad dongles that you had to get before. I'm gonna be honest with This is one of those words that I'm not comfortable saying around my kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

I'm gonna have to explain what a dongle anyhow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

yeah. I like They're avid listeners to the podcast. They're not that avid. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

it's interesting. Right? The USB c

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

space is really confusing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

and there's a lot of really poor quality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

stuff out there. That's that's the nice way of saying it. A lot of real poor quality equipment. And it's kinda scary because you can, like, do serious damage to a USB c laptop by plugging in the wrong stuff. And and everything's kinda fair game because the connectors are all the same. So I I was very selective about what I got. I got the Apple one, and then I got the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

Lenovo kinda little I guess you call it a hub

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

that I use on my desk that has my monitor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

two USB ports, and power all the time. It also has, like, a SD card reader and an Ethernet jack that I don't normally use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

But that that's worked out well for me. It looks like when when you asked me about it, it looks like it's discontinued. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

I don't know what the deal is That would explain why you were linking to different ones. Yeah. It gets I will say this. It gets very warm, and I've never checked the temperature on the Apple one to see if it gets as warm. But the Lenovo one puts off some heat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

Mine is fine right now, but I am only running this Blue Yeti microphone through it currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

So you're not even doing power then, No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

Because you know what, Stan? The battery on my new laptop actually holds a charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

I'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

be curious to see how prolonged use, like, if you find it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

to be as performant from a battery standpoint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

Apple claims it to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Yeah. Probably depends on what you're doing. Yeah. I think so. I I was at the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

Jiffy Lube. So I was trying to think of the name of the place. I was at the Jiffy Lube earlier getting my oil changed, and I was using it, and I spun up a Docker image.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

And I I mean, the the heat that it put off was pretty intense, and I I could, like, watch the battery slide down. So I think it's definitely a a workload thing for sure. Yeah. But and then you know that they're not setting their time benchmarks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

based upon, you know, composing Docker containers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

Yeah. Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

But they should.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

For people like you, Stan. But then you should just buy the Mac Pro that they might update eventually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

Eventually. We'll see. We'll see. When that day comes, I'm sure we'll discuss it. But then you can't do that from the Jiffy Lube. You have to be at your desk. Not very portable. You just have the one Mac, right, at this point? Correct. Yep. So I have the old one sitting around, but I haven't turned it on since I got this one set up. Have you ever used Back to My Mac? Has that ever been a thing for you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

No. I don't think it has. You've mentioned it before. Yeah. So I I mean, still got my desktop here. Right? And I I was actually kinda thinking I would use it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

I mean, it's first of all, I've not been able to get it to work correctly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

with my current router. I I I don't know that I've gotten back to my Mac to work correctly for a while. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

suffice to say, they're deprecating it, so I've said I'm not even gonna mess trying to get the router stuff sorted out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

That was kind of a that was kind of a a blow of felt I I'm a little disappointed by it. I as unreliable as it was, I really appreciated just being able to, you know, boom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

connect back to my Mac in theory, right, from wherever I I went.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

But like I said, it hasn't hasn't worked reliably for a while, so maybe it's not the end the world. But there's also some things software

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

that does that kind of thing too, like remote desktop software that you can essentially accomplish the same thing. Yeah. I I in when things were working great, back to my Mac allowed you to do the wake on LAN stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

So my Mac Mini could actually be physically asleep,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

and I could wake it up and connect. And I have not found

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

any of the other, like, competitors that that do that as easily. Maybe maybe I'm just missing one, but I haven't I haven't figured out. You gotta set firewall settings and stuff, I think. Yeah. Sad. That's too much work. I at work for a while, we were using, what is it, NoMachine?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

If you're with No machine? No machine. No. I use TeamViewer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

what's the other one? How can I not remember what the other one's name is? I used to be a LogMeIn

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

fan. Yeah. LogMeIn. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

Well, so so no machine always bugged me because it looked like a Linux app. It looked like I installed a Linux app on my my Mac. And so it was actually, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

repulsive to me. It it left a little kinda, like, sick feeling in my stomach.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

Aesthetics are everything, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

Remember when I used Linux?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

It was a long time ago. You're a better person now, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:11]

I started using Linux because Windows put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

must have been Windows Vista on a machine that never should have run Windows Vista.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

Whew. Vista Vista. That was a that was a bad operating system right there. Yes. Yes. It was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

I do not miss those. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

I love my computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:32]

I love the size. Glad I went with 13 inch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:34]

What else do you wanna know, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:37]

Mean Change my background image.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

To what? What is your background image right now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

My wife sitting on a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

bench swing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:46]

in front of like McBride. That's sweet. That's really sweet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

It used to be both of us and then I took myself out of my background

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:55]

by choosing a more recent picture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

I think that's a good call, John. I think it's a little weird to be looking at a picture of yourself during the day. Well, it's not like I really see my desktop that often because I always have a whole bunch of windows open. So That's fair. It's still it's still weird though. I'm I'm glad you changed Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:12]

It wasn't just me. Do you have any family photos around, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

Do you have the picture of me and you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

on your nightstand?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

It's it's not on my nightstand. It's on my dresser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

And I we should we should explain. This is a picture from your wedding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

of us It's true. Hitting on wedding day. It's because when you say, do you have the picture of me on your stand? Everything about that sounds weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

What are you trying to say, Stan? No. I'm not trying to say anything, John. Don't don't read into it. Don't make it weird. Should I be offended? You already have. Do you do you really have the picture still?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

I do. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

I'm pretty sure it's up on my dresser right now. I I could double check. If not, I know which drawer it's in and it got moved everywhere when we moved in April and it still hasn't come out. So you know? But but I know exactly where it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

Alright. The picture this is the picture that you mailed me and I paid for the postage because you didn't put enough on it. Cash on delivery. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Was that picture. It's the first time that's ever happened to me. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:13]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:14]

unfortunately, you weren't the only one that happened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

Awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

Before I forget, I was gonna tell you, I watched that movie with the little hobbits.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

The the Hobbit movie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

What's it called? Lord of the Fellowships?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

Lord of the Rings, The Fellowship of the Ring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

Oh, okay. Yeah. That that one. I watched it. I I finally watched it for the first time, like, the way through. It sounded like you enjoyed it, and everybody who you watched it with wanted to kill you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:46]

Yeah. There was definitely some tension in the room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

would refer to the various characters by the names of other characters they played. So, you know, Hidalgo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

Count Dooku,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

Eddard Stark,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

Magneto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

and they didn't really appreciate that. I I also I guess it's I I I kept referring to it as the Hobbit movie because for whatever reason, Lord of the Rings doesn't stick out in my head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

Shame on me. And that also apparently really agitated my wife and and the buddy that was visiting last week. So, you know, whoops.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

But it wasn't bad. And I'd I'd ended up I actually watched the second one too, which also was I not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

have not made it to the third, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

The third is probably my favorite movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:30]

If you read through the books, the second part is my favorite part. Wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

Your favorite movie, like, of all time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:41]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

Lord of the Rings Return of the King could very well be my favorite movie of all time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

Alright. Well, now I'm intrigued. I'm gonna have to watch it. I was I was thinking though what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

we should do. So because now that I'm, like, I'm into this universe, I'm learning a little bit about the little hobbits and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

second second brunch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

Right? Second breakfast. Second breakfast. There we go. Which which I respect. Right? So I'm learning about this, and it seems intriguing. We should probably do, like, a movie marathon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

together,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

you and me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

It's it's like it's like a nine hour commitment though. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:21]

If you aren't watching the extended editions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:24]

I will tell you that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

this won't be the first time that I've watched the movies back to back with other people. So how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

long how long do the extended versions make it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

Long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

Well, I mean, like, are we talking Like than twelve hours? Talking, like, thirteen, fourteen hours. Holy Moses. What what is in the extended versions? Like, what do they put in there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

There's a whole bunch of, like, deleted scenes and stuff

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:51]

that didn't make it initially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

Alright. Well, I I think I think we should make a date of it, so to speak. And I've been thinking about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

I want you to come back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

next August, August,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

to do the baby got brunch thing that I went to. And I think I think we could like, think about this. Right? So we're we'll go. We'll do the all you can eat brunch samples

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

mimosa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

and bloody mary bar. Right? We'll do all of that, and we'll come home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

and then we'll watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

lord of the Rings, maybe extended version. I I gotta think about that. But we'll watch Lord of the Rings and that, like, that will be a day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

What do you think of that? That will be like a twenty four hour day, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

Typically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

because I mean Day typically days are twenty four hours, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

I know. But, usually, I sleep during those twenty four hours, at least parts of them. I don't I don't understand what that has to do with anything or why that's important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

Are you planning to do these things in the same day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Like, we will do the baby got brunch festival,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

which for for those who don't know, it's an Indianapolis fundraiser thing. Should Google it. Was Are you thinking about this, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:04]

We're gonna gorge ourselves on food and Bingo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Drinking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:09]

morning cocktails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:11]

Exactly. And then you wanna come home, sit on the couch and watch Lord of the Rings

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:16]

You got it. And just fight fight sleep completely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

probably drink some more beer or bourbon or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

I just I don't think this is gonna go how you think it's gonna go, Stan. I think it's gonna go exactly how I think it's gonna go. Here's I've got an entire year to buy an espresso machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

So we can we can drive this whole thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

through espresso.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

I've been I've been thinking all about it. I watched them do espresso art at this baby got brunch thing, and I all I can think to myself is I want I want to do that. I want, like, I want to make that a hobby.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

I know nothing about espresso machines, just to be clear. I know I know really anything about espresso. Baking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

bread at one point, and you were in the same boat. So I I still I still bake bread, just to be clear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

Yeah. But now you know what you're doing. Yeah. And I yeah. That's true. Alright. So, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

baby got brunch. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

Then we're gonna watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

all the Lord of the Rings, maybe extended version. We'll we'll see. And we'll drink espresso throughout the whole day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

And then we'll we'll go to church and then come back and go to sleep or something. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

Sounds good. Send me a calendar invite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

I'm gonna do that. I'm totally gonna do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

I think I'm gonna take a nap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:34]

Well, you probably shouldn't do that this late at night. Otherwise, you're gonna be up all night, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

But I'm tired, man. It's been a long day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

Actually, it's so or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

Oh, yeah. I wonder. I didn't that didn't even cross my mind. I should go eat dinner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

Listen. When I do this when I do this, like, traveling stuff, everything gets out of whack. So I don't know. I I got I didn't in fact, remember I called you or I I, like, messaged you rather at 5PM saying, hey. Let's start recording and the calendar event's at six. This is an example, and this is another example of the dinner thing of me just not I'm being too discombobulated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:10]

I worry about you, Stan, and I'm the one who drove to Louisville and back this weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

Yeah. That wasn't today, though. That's my point. Like, if if I had had a day to sleep and recover

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

and, like, you know, get my system back on track. But it to me, it's like I I haven't I haven't even done my work email yet, so it's not even morning. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

I get it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:30]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:31]

hopefully,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:32]

Sarah will make sure everything's done that needs to be done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

She she usually does, John. That's how we survive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

Alright, buddy. Until next session.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

Cheers. Until next time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:44]

Bye.

