---
title: Food You Probably Shouldn't Order
episode: 135
date: '2021-05-20T13:42:38.000Z'
slug: food-you-probably-shouldnt-order/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around a disastrous dining experience at a
  restaurant in Marshall, Michigan, where the speaker's birthday dinner went
  awry due to poor menu choices. The speaker recounts their attempts to order
  safely by relying on the recommendation of a friend and highlights the
  importance of seeking expert advice when it comes to trying new foods or
  visiting unfamiliar establishments.
keywords:
  - restaurant failure
  - birthday dinner
  - poor menu choices
  - food safety
  - dining experience
  - Marshall Michigan
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

How's it going, Stanley?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

It's it's going, John. You know, mean, it's May. Like, I feel like May is that month where you have to have it between April and June, but if if you didn't have to, you probably wouldn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

Ouch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

Yeah. I don't know, man. They like talked about this. You don't remember May.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:42]

May is my birthday month

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

and Memorial Day. Actually, so And interesting enough, the day we're recording, I believe, is the two year anniversary of your surprise party.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

Really? Yeah. Was that the eighteenth?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

I mean, I I still haven't posted the photos from that. I should probably do that at some point. I think Anna has them all on her phone. So Well, there you go. They exist somewhere in the ether, but I you you know, I I write down in my day one app journal every day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

and in the mornings, I get a reminder of, like, previous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

entries on on a given day, and I look back and there was an entry referencing John's birthday party, having breakfast with Mark and Susan Buto beforehand,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

and all the fun that followed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

running to Menards because Home Depot is closed to stop my flooding basement? You know, I don't know if I put down that much detail

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

on this day because I'm pretty sure I was tired by the time I did get around to it to writing it. But yeah, that was a thing. That was really really a thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

So Yep. The first of my now I guess that was the second of my own ownership

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:50]

woes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

because the first one was the leaking freezer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

that I solved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. Yeah. Here here's what I wrote. We were the last to leave and that was only after a run with John DeMinards to get a pump to avert a water crisis at his house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

So there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Fun times. You haven't had any issues with that that water situation back there since, have you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

So not since that year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

That following

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

month or so was pretty bad just because the ground was saturated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:26]

But nothing since then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

Oh, that's good. Knock on wood. That doesn't happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

Speaking of knocking on wood, you've got a roof over your head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

What's the state of the reconstruction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

of the coalmire abode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

Yeah. So roof is done,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

soffit and fascia are done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:45]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

guy who's doing the siding repair was here today

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

and brought some pieces that he found because really I just have two pieces of siding that need to be replaced,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

But they were four inches and my siding is five inches. So they're gonna have to order a whole box and insurance will have to pay for it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

Alrighty there. Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

Also today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

hole in the ceiling in the guest room,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

the drywall was torn out and new drywall was put up tomorrow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

which is Wednesday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

after we're recording this. They will tape the drywall and retape all the seams on the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

old drywall that has since cracked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:31]

Thursday, the day this airs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

they'll do the texturing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

on the ceiling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

And then after that, at some point, painting will be done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

Okay. So after painting, you still have to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

your carpet. Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

Carpet and the gutters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:49]

on the front of the house

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

any fence repair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

Okay. What needs to be done? What about furniture for this room? Because you had to get rid of the furniture that you had. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

Just the box ring and mattress. Okay. The bed frame was just one of those metal bed frames, so that was fine. We got it out of there, and that is now here in the basement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:10]

So I will order new box ring and queen-size mattress

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

afterwards as well as sheets and stuff like that. Alright. Well, it's finally coming along, man. This has gotta be a little surreal for you at this point. Yeah. It was nice to go in there and see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

no longer a big hole which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

I think I was on the phone with you when I discovered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

Almost gosh. Just shy of a year ago too really.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

Yeah. August 10, so hopefully we'll be done within a year. Insurance gives me two, so Alright. Well, there you go. The more you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

Out of curiosity, do you ever go into the like media tab on messages and kinda look at like the pictures that we've shared?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

I can't say I do that with our conversation. Okay. We we have a truly bizarre

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

set of pictures. Like if you go in and look at the photos that we share, so you just sent me one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

that has I I this is like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

what is this? This is a bug killer something or another? Yes. Insecticide.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

Okay. Insecticide. You got a bug problem?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

I didn't well, in the backyard, I have a bunch of annoying bugs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:23]

whether they're ants around my fire pit or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

flying things just coming out of the grass.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

So I'm gonna spray this once it's is gonna be dry for twenty four hours

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:35]

see if that helps. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

Yeah. I mean, if I if I go through and look at this, right, like, there's you sent me a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

It's it's usually you you holding stuff actually, to be completely honest with you. So you're holding a thing of insecticide,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

but then there's also you holding a milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

which I I believe you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

to report on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

Yes. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

my birthday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

we went to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

what was Boulder Tap House, which I think is a chain. There's one here in Cedar Rapids,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:08]

and I decided to order a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

First of all, it was going to be a peanut butter banana milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:20]

they didn't have any bananas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

So that was out. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

a bad sign, John. I mean, to Sticking with What would happen if you ordered a sundae? Like a banana split.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

They didn't have any bananas. I know, but like what is an ice cream shop that does not serve a banana split? So this this isn't an ice cream shop. It's just a it's a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

gastropub.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

Okay. Alright. But they have to have ice cream there. With Okay. Yes. You said it's not an ice cream shop. It's a beer shop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

and cheese curds, which also are not good, but we'll get to that later. Boulder Townhouse in Cedar Rapids. I'm gonna pull this up because if they have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

I would specifically, I wanna know right now is if they had a banana split on the menu. Because really what I'm curious about is like, how much of the menu

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

was damaged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

because of this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

I don't I don't No. I'm not seeing it. Alright. Well, is alright. So be it. But I get the man I wanted to try it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:21]

really because of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

what are they called? They're called house made boulder cheese curds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

And apparently, they have a boulder cheese curd burger which I did not order. I so Yeah. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

There's so much to unpack here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

I I wanna know how the milkshake is, but what in the world would make you think that Iowa is the right place to order cheese curds?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

We'll get there later, Stan. Okay. Alright. I just sometimes I question your judgment, John. Like, I I'm just not totally sure about you. Alright. Go ahead. So milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

Milkshake. So I ended up going with the Reese's peanut butter cup milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

On their menu, have vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, caramel, or combine any flavors plus premium shakes of Oreo, Reese's peanut butter cup, peanut butter and banana, and butter finger. Now what do you what do you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

peanut butter banana, how's that a premium shake? Like the other ones, right, Oreo, Reese's, Butterfinger, you have to you have to buy something that's gonna be expensive. Right? So you're basically tacking on the additional cost of a little pack of Oreos or peanut butter cups or Butterfingers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

Bananas are not expensive. You're not gonna use a whole banana in this thing. Why is this a premium milkshake?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

That's a good question. Yeah. But it was only a dollar difference. It wasn't like a $3 difference. But, you know I'm just I'm saying, like, if you had gotten this, do you think you would have gotten a dollar's worth of banana and peanut butter? I don't think so. I don't think there's any way that they could have possibly filled that cup up with a dollar's worth of peanut butter and banana,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

and it'd still be a milkshake. Let me let me qualify that, and it'd still be a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

Supply and demand? Maybe they only have a limited supply of bananas, so they're trying to get people to avoid buying. I mean I mean, clearly, there's a supply and demand problem because you went there with the demand and they did not have the supply. They did not have the supply. So I ended up with the Reese's peanut butter cup shake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

which I thought would be somewhat risky with chunks of Reese's peanut butter cup in it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

but I didn't exactly expect just how bad it was. Okay. Well, alright. So let's back up a little bit. Just vanilla ice cream?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

It was vanilla ice cream and some fudge drizzle, which was decoratively,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

placed around the cup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

Alright. Did the did the fudge drizzle incorporate itself at all into the milkshake in such a way that it augmented the flavor?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

No. Okay. So purely decorative.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

So vanilla ice cream, was it at least good vanilla ice cream?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

Yeah. I would say it was a solid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

milkshake ice cream. Okay. Alright. Well, that's that's good to know. So Yep. On

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

I mean, here here's the thing. Right? Like, for a Reese's peanut butter cup,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

the only in my opinion, the only way you pull off a milkshake is if you first freeze the Reese's peanut butter cups

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

Correct. And then you pulverize them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

And I mean, you've got to get them to a fine grain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

in order to incorporate. And what I see in your picture

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

is like, we'll say, a sixth or seventh of a peanut butter cup chunks. So there were definitely some pieces that are like those, you know, those mini ones that come not wrapped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

You haven't had those? Those are delicious. You put those in the freezer and you eat them like M and M's. They're delicious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

I mean, I've had the little ones, but they're always wrapped. What do you mean they're not wrapped? So there's like the individually wrapped ones Yeah. And then there's like ones that are slightly smaller that they don't wrap. You like, buy them in a big bag. I've never seen these before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

They're delicious. You should find them. So but are they, like, more delicious than a normal Reese's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:56]

It depends on your chocolate to peanut butter ratio that you like in the Reese's. So generally, I think that the small individually wrapped ones are the best,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

and then probably these mini ones and then the regular sized ones. Okay. So basically, what you're telling me is that you prefer the chocolate part of a Reese's peanut butter cup?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:15]

I prefer a closer chocolate to peanut butter one to one ratio. Yes. Okay. But it's not called a Reese's peanut butter and chocolate cup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

Sure. There's there's it's like I also like Reese's eggs and Christmas trees which are much more heavy on the peanut butter than the chocolate. Yeah. But those are like a froth or like a fluffy peanut butter. Right? Like, it's not the same peanut butters they use in the peanut butter cups,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

not the peanut butter and chocolate cups. I just don't understand why you would say you like Reese's peanut butter cups,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

but then I'm say just I'm going in the order of my preference. I will eat any Reese's peanut butter cup that's given to me. Clearly, your preference sways away from the very essence of what makes a Reese's peanut butter cup a Reese's peanut butter cup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

I don't know if that's true. Considering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

they're all branded the same. If you like the little ones because I've got more chocolate, I think I rest my case.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

Alright. So are you saying that they use the little Reese's peanut butter cups for this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

No. I am saying that they took the big peanut butter cups and broke it into pieces of the small peanut butter cups, and I just had like a standard water cup straw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

so it did not go well. Okay. A standard water cup straw is never an acceptable implement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

for a milkshake. Right? Like, it's just too small of a vessel. I think I need to buy milkshake straws and just have them around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

Yeah. I I don't think that's a bad strategy. If you're gonna, like, get serious about milkshake reviews again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

this is probably the way to do it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

Alright. So Anyways I I just keep looking at this and there's gotta be like six or seven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

Reese's peanut butter cups broken up at the bottom of your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

So if you look at the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

actual picture of the milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

a fourth to a third of the bottom of that cup was just peanut butter chunks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

Peanut butter cup chunks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

Nat, don't get me wrong. This I think this would be enjoyable, to be completely honest with you. It was they were all at the bottom. It wasn't mixed in thoroughly because, you know, they're heavy. Although, the milkshake was mixed pretty well otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

so, like, I think it could have supported the peanut butter cups, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

yeah. Yeah. I I'm I don't know. I'm not feeling like, when you sent me this, I thought, oh, that probably ended in sadness.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:33]

Hey. But, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

taking a spoon and eating a bunch of peanut butter cups are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

drizzled in melted ice cream, not the worst thing in the world. Oh, yeah. No. No. Don't get me wrong. It probably tasted delicious. Right? Like, I and I I like Reese's peanut butter cups. I like vanilla ice cream. I like the idea of them together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

Will say that I prefer when chunks of Reese's peanut butter cups are this big, I don't want them frozen, so I hope they weren't So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

no, they were not frozen. Okay. Because that would have hurt my teeth. Yeah. Exactly. Right? Like, there's you don't wanna like, a Reese's peanut butter cup is supposed to be a delicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

snack in your mouth. Right? Like, you are not supposed to have to work to chew it, and if you have to work to chew it, like, you've done something wrong, which is why there there are lot of candy bars that I think are best served out of the refrigerator. Right? Like a Hershey's a Hershey bar is best served out of a refrigerator.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

A Reese's peanut butter cup is not one of those. It it just isn't. I'm sorry. But you don't want it to be melty and have a bunch of chocolate on your hand or sticking to the wrapper Totally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

true. I think So I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

I I like Snickers. I I consider Snickers to be a sophisticated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

candy bar. It it's it's one of the premium candy bars in my my view.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

Oh. Do you want this in the fridge or not? Well, that's that's where I'm going. So with a Snickers bar, if you put it in the fridge and you put it in the back of the fridge and you don't set a timer, it will be unpleasant. You'll have to cut it with a knife and then suck on it until everything hurts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

Right? Yep. But the the reality is that if you if you eat it too warm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

it becomes a drippy mess,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

and and that's not good either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:12]

I'm with you. I agree. Have you what are your thoughts on Snickers ice cream bars?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

I honestly can't say if and when I've had one. Or Okay. So you gotta go get the mini Reese's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:25]

and you've gotta go get Snickers ice cream bars. I think they have Reese's ice cream bars too, but I've never had one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

I could see that. I could definitely see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

I think, you know, like, generally, right, I I think you you mix these things with ice cream, and you you can't can't go wrong. It's just a fact of life. The other thing I'll say is that, you know, what I'm what I'm looking at here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

they could have taken pointers from Dairy Queen, quite frankly, you know? Right. Because Dairy Queen knows how to grind up some candy bars. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

Now the problem is that Dairy Queen does not make a milkshake, Right? I mean, maybe they've got one on the menu, but who who orders a milkshake? They. Right? You get a blizzard, and a blizzard's not a milkshake. They're they're, like, spectrumly related, but the fact of the matter is here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

we'll just toss this out here, John. When a blizzard is handed to you, what is the what is the individual who made the blizzard do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

Tips it upside down. Tips upside down. Because if it falls out, they're gonna make a new one. Assuming that they don't, like, drop it on you. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

But if you do that with a milkshake, it's gonna come out all over and make a mess. And I I think that that in my mind, right, like, you could just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

this is a good way to distinguish between what makes a milkshake and what makes a blizzard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

The problem is we need to find a milkshake place that will harness the power

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

that is the blending capacity of Dairy Queen in order to make a milkshake. A proper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

milkshake in which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

you know, you still need a real straw, but you don't need a spoon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

to conquer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

Yeah. Stuff is so worked up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

Alright. What did what did you have for dinner with this milkshake? Was this milkshake like, did you take it to go?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

Yes. So we ordered. Missus Kolmeyer went to go get it for us because you know, my birthday. Yeah. That's very nice of her. She's a lovely woman.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

She is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

She's really the reason we're still friends.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

I believe it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

Wait. So what did you say? What what did you order?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

I I said you aren't gonna like this either, Stan, but I went with the Nashville hot chicken sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

Oh my god. What is with you? You're like a glutton for punishment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

so how many times have you tried Nashville hot chicken outside of Nashville?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

Three

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

now. Okay. It has never turned out well. Exactly. Exactly. Now you did like the the hot chicken inside of Nashville though. Right? Yes. So Hattie B's hot chicken Nashville

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

is to die for. I might kill people to eat it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

or at least wait two hours. So here's I think this is the problem with beautiful cuisine, right? Like, you get that taste in your mouth, you remember what what it is, right? And you like, you dream about it. There are nights that to this day, I wake up and I think about foods I've had in places and I I like break out of a cold sweat because it's just so delicious on my tongue. But then you go and you try and reproduce it in an area where it has no reason to be. Right? Correct. There's no reason There's no reason Nashville hot chicken should be in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. In Iowa period. Right? Right. And and you your expectations are high because you've had good Nashville hot chicken before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

You you wanted to like perfect this moment in time, right, your birthday in this case. And really what you've done is you just made yourself sad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

It was all sad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:34]

So that got me thinking about a topic for this week and that's what regional food foods should you probably only order when you're in that region.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

So Nashville hot chicken is definitely one of them. I've had Nashville hot chicken in Louisville, Kentucky

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

and it wasn't any good either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

I don't I just I don't know why you would make that choice. This is something to me that like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

you do that I would not Nostalgia,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

Stan. I'm more nostalgic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

than No. I John, I I don't believe that. I I think I'm very nostalgic, but I would not try to like ruin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

these beautiful memories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

with with a just crappy rendition of them. Alright. So I think Nashville hot chicken smarter than me. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

you heard it here first on the podcast, folks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Alright. So Nashville hot chicken, yeah, don't do outside of Nashville. Like, what what other things came to mind for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

So, like, Texas brisket.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

Like, I never wanna order brisket if it's on the menu at some place in Iowa. Now, if somebody is making it in their backyard, I'll give it a chance. But Yeah. Maybe the qualifier here is in a restaurant, like regional foods that you should not order in a restaurant. Like, you go to your friend's house and you're like, hey, Stan, I want you to make Chicago style pizza. It's probably gonna be okay. Right? Right. That's the next one on Although, the I actually think that Chicago style pizza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

is one of these where you can safely order outside of the Chicago region.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

If you know what you're looking for? Well, yeah. And it's it's real simple here. Right? So so friends, dear dear listeners of the podcast, if you see a place that is labeled Chicago style pizza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

it is a fake and you should run.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

If you see it and it says Giordano's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

which is now, you know, a a multistate corporation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

get some pizza. If you see a place that says, Luminati's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

order some pizza. Even Geno's East is is acceptable Chicago style pizza. Now the border, right, that in my opinion, the tipping point is Uno's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

is decent Chicago style pizza, but, like, I to me, that's super commercialized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Right? Yep. But I I like, I I know in Indianapolis, I've seen places just like, you know, Tony's Chicago style pizza and like reality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:44]

place in Iowa City, like Old Chicago. Yeah. You ever been to Old Chicago? No. But but I would I would never even think about going into it, right, because I'm in Iowa and it's called Old They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

do have a good beer menu just for the rest world. Well, ain't that that's fine. That's fine. But you you'd walk into a place like that and you have certain expectations about the food, right? And you are being set up for failure. They're gonna do something wrong. Maybe they're gonna put the sauce under the cheese. I don't know. Maybe they're gonna use the wrong cheese. Maybe they're not gonna have enough butter than crust, but they're gonna do something wrong. Usually, it's like the sausage is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:12]

lacking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

Oh, yeah. Well, but and this is this is a great point. Right? Because first of all, good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

sausage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

is is like orders of magnitude better than mediocre sausage. Right? Yep. And and you can I mean, you could just tell when you eat good sausage?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

The And it also has to be cooked right, you know? So Yep. In Chicago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

the stuff is so greasy that you get the like little crunch on the tips of the sausage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

Oh, it is I mean, I can feel my arteries closing, but it's so good and they don't know how to do that. Good chunks of fennel seed. Oh, yeah. Fennel. Fennel. Fennel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

Else, So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

I put like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

New England or Boston clam chowder,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

like, you aren't gonna wanna order that outside of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

New England. I mean, that's assuming you even wanna order inside of New England. You don't like fish. You don't you don't like seafood period, do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

I like I like shellfish.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

Okay. So you're telling me I think I would I would try clam chowder if I was in Boston.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

about what about lobsters in Maine? Do you eat lobsters outside of Maine?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

I do. Okay. You've made me lobster. Remember when you forgot to I I know. I know. And I I I cook overcooked it. So that is again, that's a good lobster.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

I like lobster. I like shrimp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

I like crawfish, which is something you should not order outside of Louisiana,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

probably. Yeah. I I would imagine crawfish you can buy get by with probably any Gulf Coast state, but Right. Louisiana is probably gonna be superior.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

I do think, like, if you order crawfish, say, in Indiana, right, you're you should be a little suspicious of what actually you're eating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

Yep. You know, especially in a restaurant. I mean, good God, like, it's probably been on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

who who knows? I don't even wanna think about it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

What about what else you got?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

So I put gyros. I've always been trying to find a good gyro outside of Chicago or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

its suburbs. So, like, you can find good Chicago style pizza or gyros or Italian beef in Milwaukee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

it's basically a Chicago suburb. No. It's not basically. It is. Milwaukee is a Chicago suburb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

This guy. So yeah. So I put gyros there. Yeah. It's funny. You know, I I I definitely, like I wonder if the rest of the world associates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

Euros with Chicago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

Do you think they do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

Yes. I mean, I I'd be curious to know because I definitely do It's more like a Mediterranean

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

thing. Right? It it is, but there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

I don't know, like, this is definitely something that I would get going back home. Now, will tell you this, I did have very good Euros in Pittsburgh once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

Really? Yeah. On the on the Southwest Side Of The Rivers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

when you're, like, heading out of town in Carnegie, there was a place that we went to that was just fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

and I genuinely enjoyed. I think the kicker is a lot of places don't have the, like, legit spick that you you carve off of. Shaman off of. Yeah. Yeah. And that makes a difference. Right? Like, and I think, in general,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

a place that does zeroes right is doing a really long slow cook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

Very similar thing with brisket. Right? Like, you find a lot of places which will take a cut of brisket and cook it fast and try and pawn it off like it's like it's good, you know, and it just doesn't work. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

On this list, see you've got Philly cheesesteak too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

So I've never had a true Philly cheesesteak,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

but I imagine that they're better in Philly than anywhere else. I don't know, I think they're so disgusting. I tried once. We we I I approached the truck to order, and the smell, like, it turned my stomach while I was waiting there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

Is this a Pittsburghian you coming May maybe. It could very well be, but I think the thing is like a true Philly and a lot of people don't know this, but a true Philly cheese steak

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

involves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

Cheese whiz. Cheese whiz. Right? And I find cheese whiz to be utterly disgusting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

I like I can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

I don't know. May maybe I should maybe I should try it again. Right? Maybe I should try Cheez Whiz again. But I think if you're in Philly, you gotta try it. No. I've been in Philly. I had the opportunity. I was gonna puke if I did it, so here I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

But I but I agree with you. Think, like, principally, a Philly cheesesteak, when you see it on most menus, does not involve Cheez Whiz. Probably isn't even the right kind of beat. The bun is probably totally wrong. I think the thing to remember is, like, a Philly cheesesteak is not a sophisticated sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

Right? Right. This is a bunch of, like, cheap product that you're all throwing together, and you're letting the grease of the meat win the day with the saltiness of the Cheez Whips. That's that's really what it's about. And I think only in Philadelphia

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

are people that irresponsible and haphazard with their food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

to pull off a Philly cheesesteak the way that it's intended to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

What's a kringle? You get this. I don't even know what this is. So a kringle is a pastry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

It's a Danish pastry, but not a Danish,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

really Racine, Wisconsin is the place to find these.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

I I you're not doing a good job describing here. Like, help help me understand what I would be putting on my mind. A breakfast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

pastry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

like the size of two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

dinner plates, a big ring.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

It's stuffed with something usually fruit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

got a frosting on it. It's flaky and delicious. Oh, here we go. Okay. Kringle.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

If you're listening home and you're like, have no idea what John's talking about. You go to kringle.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

there are actually pictures that that help illustrate this. This is fascinating. I've I've never once seen one of these and this is a Wisconsin thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

Yep. Racine is like the kringle capital of the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

Alright. Well, I do they sell these in other places though? I imagine they try.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

Alright. I'm gonna I'm gonna throw a couple others in. I didn't write these down, but I've I've been thinking about them as I sitting here. If you want a pork tenderloin, I think Indiana is the place to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

Really? Yeah. I know. I know. You disagree. Compared to all of the other corn producing states? Well, look, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

In Indiana, there's not a lot of other food that we can lean on besides the the pork tenderloin. So you gotta give us that. Right? The the pounded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

paper thin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

deep fried three or four times pork tenderloin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

on a undersized bun. That's an Indiana thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

If you say so. Nah. We'll have we'll have to do like a taste test. I don't like pork tenderloins that much anymore. I don't I don't want it dry. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Maybe. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

I still think it's an Indiana thing, but I would be willing to broaden it to certain Midwestern states. Like, would never Alright. In my right mind, order a pork tenderloin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

in Massachusetts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

Right. That'd be stupid. Right? Yeah. This is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

Beignets are another thing that I don't think you should order really out of the South, but especially Louisiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

And then I was thinking about this too. So I I love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

fish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

like fresh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

fresh water fish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

So like perch. Right? Yep. But in my mind, I I think this is one of Michigan's foods. I think perch is one of Michigan's foods. So if you if you wanna get perch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

you can get it elsewhere. It's just not gonna be as good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

And so so Yeah. I think there's definitely something for like the Friday fish fry too around the Great Lakes. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Which tends to be cod. I mean, sometimes you can find the perch. You can find different ones, but usually cod. Yep. And and even even like freshwater

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

cod. Right? Like, I think if you start eating it, it's this is probably true with seafood in general. Like, you wanna eat it as close to where it gets it's been Right. Gotten from. But I I do think there is just something different and so superior

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

to be in, you know, in Michigan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

like, on on one of the coasts. On the lake. Yeah. Yeah. And order order some fried fish. It's just, oh, so good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

So those kinda came to mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

I was trying to think of Pittsburgh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

I think Pittsburgh itself would probably claim the pierogi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

Right? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

I I will confess that I have never eaten a pierogi I liked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

Really? Yeah. I just it's not good. It's it's it's boiled dough with maybe some bland potatoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

Some somebody somebody show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

I I'm sorry. I love Pittsburgh, but I'm gonna say it. Somebody show the people of Pittsburgh what a salt shaker is for crying out loud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

And I've I've had I've had homemade perogies. I've had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

perogies in restaurants. I've had the, like they've got perogies that run around the park at PNC Park. Like, that's their their thing. They do a perogie race. I've had the brand of perogies that run around the park at PNC Park. They're all just like, that's not if I'm gonna sink my teeth into something and burn a bunch of calories,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

you know, eating, if I'm gonna eat a lot of calories, not burning. The opposite of burning. That's not how I'm gonna do it. But Right. I don't think if you want a crappy piece of boiled dough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Pittsburgh is the place to do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

So the other thing is fried cheese curds, which we talked about before. Yeah. This I don't I don't get you. Why would you go into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

there there's okay. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

should know we're gonna go down this road because this is just ill conceived from the get go. The only cheese curds that I will eat outside of the state of Wisconsin are from Culver's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

Yep. And Culver's aren't that good compared to the Lee Ewing way, but they're passable. They're not. They're not yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

So so here's the thing. Right? Like, you know that Culver's is producing a cheese curd that is relatively close to what you would find in the state of Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

Right? Now it's not the best cheese curd on the market, but it sure as heck is gonna be better than what what was the name of this place? The Boulder Tap House in Iowa? Boulder Tap House. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

wonder where they're based out of. Where did they start?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

Probably Boulder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

You think so? I I don't know. With a name like that, who knows? But but regardless

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

regardless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

tell me about your actually, looks like it's all Minnesota.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

Yeah. It's a Minnesota place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Is there a Boulder, Minnesota? So Good grief. Ironically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:16]

I've had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:18]

really really good cheese curds

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

at the Mall Of America at a place that no longer exists called the Minnesota Picnic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

Alright. Let's But let's just say hypothetically that the Boulder Tap House

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

originated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

in Minnesota.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

K? So, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

what you have is a bunch of Minnesotans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

who are over there like, hey. Let's let's go replicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

the Wisconsin cheese curd,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

and they do they do an awful job. Right? Like, I think as a Wisconsin, you should be offended by this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

Were were you like were you missing home? Is that what what factored into this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:58]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

I feel like you just made a ton of bad decisions. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

I don't even know how they call these cheese curds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:06]

Well, describe them, John. Do they call them cheese curds? They were like giant

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

and they were like cubes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

and Alright. Dear listener, John John on FaceTime here has his fingers extended approximately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

three to four inches

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

in length, which is to be clear It's a cube. Yeah. It that's not that's not a cheese curd. No. That's a cheese curd you can eat in one bite. Right. These you could not. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

how the middles could not possibly been melted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:35]

So they were melted, but they weren't like like a really really good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:41]

cheese curd. Usually when they come out of the fryer, they just kinda end up in this big glob of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

this this was not that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

Alright. And definitely wasn't a good batter either,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

and a good beer battered cheese curd is something that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

should just happen. So I you know, Wisconsin is by no stretch one of my favorite places. I I consider most of it to just be suburbs of Chicago

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

with a bunch of crazies in various parts, you know, some concentrated more to the North, some concentrated in Green Bay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

but regardless, I do think that cheese curd is a respectable piece of food. I think it is is a a delicacy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

proper to Wisconsin and just like, you know, a Midwestern thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

I would never dream apart from Culver's of eating a cheese curd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

outside

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

of Wisconsin. So here's my advice to you, John. I get it. You're nostalgic, and I appreciate it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

But you went out for your birthday, and you're not getting any younger, buddy. Like, this should have been crystal Your clear to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

years are are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

you got you got, I don't know, maybe the same number of years ahead of you as behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

No. I hope a little more than that. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:56]

if you keep eating crap like this, like, what do you have to look forward to? Maybe. You know? So for my birthday, I usually like to try restaurants that I haven't been to before. Maybe I just need to give that up and stick to the tried and true or No. Order more safely. So yeah. Order more safely is the key. So again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

if I if I go to a place like this, right, I'm just I'm just gonna I'm looking at the menu right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

On the appetizers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

you had the option of tachos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

which sounds interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

You had jalapeno

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

bacon cheddar wontons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

also sounds very interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

And then you had the tried and true oven roasted artichoke and spinach dip. Right? So here are three options that you could have made, which I guarantee would have been better than the house made Boulder cheese curds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

Right? That's for the appetizer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

Now you, my friend, for for reasons that I I still can't wrap my head around, you decided that you were gonna order the Nashville hot chicken. You had to flip the menu. So here here's another here's another thing to keep in mind, dear dear friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

The backside of the menu is the backside for a reason.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

Right? That's not what you're supposed to order. So so in this case, the the stone fired specialty pizza, if you have to call it specialty pizza, there's nothing special about it. Alright? Right. The taco platters, the clearly, tacos are not their jam. That's why it's on the back page. Generally, you don't wanna order tacos at a place like this. Yep. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

You're you're basically at a burger place because it literally in the menu or at the at the title says craft burgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

So Right. You order the thing that they claim to be a professional about. And if I'm looking at this menu,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

I'm absolutely gonna do the defibrillator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

Right? Because because of the name a name like the defibrillator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

burger, I gotta try it out. Right? So this is two half pound did have the cheese curds on it. Oh, did it? Yeah. Oh, alright. Well, I take that what I just said. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

literally, like, I saw the title. So okay. Let's look at the other options here. Brown sugar and smoked cheddar burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

That sounds pretty good. House made cinnamon, brown sugar, bacon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

combined with smoked cheddar cheese, papsed onions, and honey barbecue sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

Probably the world's best burger. Bold claim, I would wanna test it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Like, they literally put probably the world's best burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

Just saying. A steakhouse mushroom Swiss burger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

that also sounds good. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

French onion burger, loaded with fried onions and Papps onions on a heaping layer of French onion spread with Swiss cheese and garnished with three onion rings over melted provolone cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

Now, sounds a little insane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

and if your wife loves you, she's sticking a quiche at the end the night only because it's your birthday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

but this is what I would have done, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

Fair enough. I should just consult you for the next year Yeah. Whenever I go on to eat and We used to do this. Place. Before the pandemic, we would text each other and be like, hey, take a look at this menu. What do you recommend?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

You know? We we just add Usually, did that with beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:45]

So that's one of those things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:47]

where anyone can do beer well and anyone can do beer badly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

What does it even mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

So, like, we're talking about don't order Nashville hot chicken outside of Nashville.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:01]

Beer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:02]

you could be in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:04]

oh, what's the place? It's a dark horse brewing company in some middle of nowhere Michigan town.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

Dark horse This is the only

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:13]

it's the only thing there. It's outside of Hillsdale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

I have no idea what you're Marshall? Marshall, Michigan? Yeah. Yeah. Marshall, Michigan. Dark Horse Brewing. I've never been to this place. So this place is absolutely delicious. Okay. Does beer really well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:30]

Milwaukee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:31]

you can go to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:34]

I don't know. Let's say Miller and not to get a great beer, but no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

Cools. And get crappy beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:41]

What's like a bad what's a bad brewery in Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

I you know, I don't know that I've really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

experienced a bad brewery. Let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

this will be easier for Pittsburgh. Iron City.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

Right. Yeah. So and Pittsburgh

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

also has good beer. Yep. What was that one that used to be in a church? Church brewers. Oh, that was so good. So good. So I never went there. You moved too fast. I'm sorry, man. We'll have to go back sometime. When the when the Steelers go to the Super Bowl.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

So one of the thing that jumped on me on this menu is crispy fried pickles. Do you like fried pickles?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

Not my favorite, but missus Colmira likes them. Oh, so you should have gotten these. So fried I like fried pickles. I I love the, like, a dill pickle just lightly battered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

and then you get a side of of sauce of some sort, and this actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

has what sounds interesting served with chipotle ranch dipping sauce. Right? So if you combine two things that are beautiful, oftentimes what comes out is even better. So chipotles and ranch dressing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:41]

How do you feel about this avocado fries?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

Yeah. I saw this. Fresh hand cut avocados lightly breaded and served with chipotle ranch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

I just I I gotta I gotta imagine that they're brown and icky. Right? Like Yeah. You expose an avocado to to warm air and it doesn't last long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

This does not sound like something I would I would try. Now I could see I could see french fries with, like, an avocado ranch dip. That sounds like it could be a good idea. You know? So hey, Boulder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

Tap House, if if you wanna mix it up, I will try those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

The crispy fried pickles also jumped out at me because a friend at work with some of the Zaxby's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

which you ever had Zaxby's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

I have not, but I've heard you talk about it, I think. I've I've actually never had it either, oddly enough. It's it's on my list, but I believe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

I think they serve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

Nashville hot chicken, don't they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

Surely that's. Maybe. I think it is. But they've got fried pickles right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

and, they've got a spicy signature sandwich. They don't call it Nashville hot chicken, but I think I think it's essentially Nashville hot chicken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

So I John, if if I were you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

I would stay away from the Nashville hot chicken moving forward, at least until you get back to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:51]

Nashville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

Yeah. We should do that sometimes, Stan. Yeah. Let's do it, man. I I like Nashville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

Get some hot chicken. Get some Edley's barbecue. Oh, I love Edley's. That's a place actually that does brisket really well and is not Texas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:05]

And we can go back to one of the best milkshakes ever reviewed on this podcast at whatever that random diner I found was. Yeah. Just down the street from Hattiebee's. See, now we're talking road trip for the podcast. I'm gonna have to get a new microphone so we can we can hit the road. There you go. Alright, John. I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

sufficiently hungry. I'm gonna go eat now. You're hungry? Yeah. I really am. You know what we didn't talk about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

One of our most loyal listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:32]

bought herself an apple product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

Oh, we did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

Gosh. I I we you got me all roped up in the food thing, man. I was I was ruined

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:43]

everything. So Lucy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

mows the lawn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

religiously, and has been saving up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

and she wanted an Apple Watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

And, she does not have an iPhone. Right? So this was an opportunity to also try out a new feature that was released, I guess, at the tail end of last year. Think it was in November,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:02]

which is the ability to add somebody else's watch to your phone with with, like, family sharing. So she has basically what's a what's a minor account

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

on my Apple Watch, and we we've only just set it up. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

you know, she saved up. She got it. She got a it's a gold body with the red band, the the product red band,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

and it looks sharp. It looks really sharp, but it's it's so cute. It's a little it's a littler version. I've always had the bigger version. It's just cute in my hand.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:31]

So You know, I feel I I feel kinda bad about this, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

Why is that, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:36]

You have given me to hand me down Apple watches, but you made your daughter buy her own. Oh, crap. She listens to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:44]

Lucy, hey, Lucy, I you only you only paid for half of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

I was gonna get rid of the watches, though. That's better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

Oh, man, John. You're giving me so much trouble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

Yeah. Now, I mean, hers is a new watch. It's a it's Apple Watch SE. So so we'll we'll see. I I think she's excited. She's tickled pink, and I think it'll be fun. But this is this is the only watch we have with a cellular plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

So we used have those relays, and those were $10 a month. The watch is $10 a month, so it's kind of a kind of a wash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

in that respect. Interesting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

So we'll see how it shakes out, but it's I mean, I like the idea of being able to find her and her being able to make a phone call. So that was compelling, right, from my standpoint. And then she's all psyched out about the workout features, the activity features. Here was something that was interesting. This I didn't expect.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

when I was when we were setting up her watch, you and I have three goals. Right? So it's, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

move calories and then exercise minutes Exercise minutes. And stand hours. Stand hours. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:49]

Her watch actually asked her for active minutes and an active lifestyle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

which seems to be different. So I I haven't seen how this shakes out yet because we literally just set it up over this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

But I'm curious to kinda, like, see that. Also, there's a there's a thing called school time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

as opposed to screen time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

which I'm curious to see too. I have not set it up yet, but I think it silences notifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

and stuff, of that sort. So Nice. I'm gonna be surprised if she does not want AirPods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

here shortly though because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:19]

I think what she's gonna find is switching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

her headphones between her watch and her iPod touch and her iPad is gonna be frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:27]

And the AirPods will probably solve that and then work really well, you know, just with being As long as they don't fall out of her ears. Yeah. That's I mean, that's the kicker. Some people have problems with that. I I don't. But I do. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

They're still great headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

Alright, Stanley. That sounds like a good episode. We talked about milkshakes and Macs, two of our core tenants. Yep. So Alright, John. Well, until next time, my friend. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands, wear a mask, and please go get a vaccine.

