---
title: Episode 100
episode: 100
date: 2020-09-17T17:44:43.000Z
slug: episode-100/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode discusses Apple's latest updates, including a new iPad Air with a
  powerful 5nm chip, which is expected to be used in future iPhones and
  MacBooks. The conversation also touches on the potential benefits of an iPad
  Air for consumers who need a reliable and efficient computing device.
  Additionally, there are mentions of Apple's wireless connectivity features,
  such as Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.3.
keywords:
  - |-
    - 5nm chip
    - iPad Air
    - iPhone
    - MacBook
    - Wi-Fi 6
    - Bluetooth 5.3
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

How you doing, John? I'm doing good, Stan. Do you know what today is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

Today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

is our one hundredth episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

100

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

That's crazy, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

It is. It's kinda wild. It's I mean, it it's been two years. We've been at this two years. We took a little bit of a hiatus for a bit. So Our listeners should took a little hit there too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

Well, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

COVID could have done that too. You can't blame the hiatus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

The the fact of the matter is that we have a fantastic backlog of pre COVID life that you can listen to where you can learn about milkshakes and Marvel movies and other things that people used to do before they were isolated in their homes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

At least the ones that start with m's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

M's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's kinda crazy though. I was thinking about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

how much ground we've covered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

you know, I I I was actually what I was thinking back to is is I think it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

at the one season or one year mark, it was, like, fifty two or 53 episodes or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

We made, a top 10 list or something like that. Do you remember that? Yep. Favorite episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

Yeah. Yeah. I think I think by and large, that's probably still my top 10 list. I don't know what that says about season two, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

Season two got rambly at times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

We talked a lot about lawn care. That was good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Yeah. Well, we've we've definitely taken on some new topics. I think some of the feedback we got was that we lost listeners by going too hard on the Marvel for too long. Indeed. You know, we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

we definitely dealt with the Star Wars bit. I felt like that was good. We touched on Star Trek. That was also I felt like those were some pretty good episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

analyzing Picard. But, you know, it's I I just look back to the spontaneity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

milkshakes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

and the analysis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

and then some of the engagement we got from listeners, I felt like that was a really good first season. It was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

We obviously need more milkshakes in our podcasting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

Yeah. But how do you pull that off right now? Actually, I do I do have a story to tell. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

I, I braved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

the world

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

with the family, and I took them all out to my favorite ice cream place, Wileepalooza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

which, is is arguably safer than some of the other very limited public places I've been due to the number of masks. I won't name any place in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

but you know what I'm talking about. Anyhow Yes. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

So we we got some ice cream, got in, got out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

You know, almost everybody was masked. I think the only people that weren't masked were the ones that were sitting down inside eating. And and, like, it's it's kinda hard to eat an ice cream cone with a mask on. You know? Yeah. Very dangerous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

well, I wouldn't say dangerous. Just messy. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

But, anyhow, that that brought back a whole bunch of memories because, one, it's my favorite ice cream place, but two, also arguably one of the best milkshakes I've ever had inside of Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

That's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

Man, I can't remember the last milkshake I had.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

I think I talked about one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

Yeah. It was it was way, way back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

Gosh. I think it was in February.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

Now, I did the Shamrock shake this year, didn't I? Oh, that's right. That's right. You're right. But before that, you had one in February. And if you remember, I went to the milkshake place on Mass Ave in March. Right. Right before everything locked down, interestingly enough. So Crazy man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

You bought a house. That was a highlight of this this podcast. Bought a house. Now you're now you're rebuilding a house and that apparently is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

highlight of this podcast. How's it going, John? You still got a hole in your roof? I still got three, four holes in my roof. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

Okay. Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

I did not call them today. I really needed to. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

Is is the tarp still working?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

So the tarp is working.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

For the most part, we had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

six inches or a little more of rain last week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

and we did get some drippage into the guest room,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

but it was not a lot and was easily caught with buckets.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:29]

It just rained a lot, and it was really windy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

one of the days. So I think it came over from the side of the roof, so I gotta adjust that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

Maybe I'll jump the gun here. Do you wanna share your status update on your electric bill? Because remember, I I postulated that it was gonna be a little high with your cool air seeping out of the roof. Right. And it was actually lower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

Woah. It was even lower compared to last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

So So I I guess the only thing that would make sense to explain that well, there's probably two things. Ten days of power.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

Yeah. Exactly. You you cut a third year month out. Yeah. So I think the question that I would have, John, is if you took last year's bill and you split it up into three units,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

and you took this bill and you split up into two units,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

is the per unit higher?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:20]

Yeah. Yeah. So there you go. But there's Anyhow. Something else very big happened in the season of Life with twist of woman as recently as last episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:33]

So it has to do with Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

Is Taliesin pregnant already?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:40]

Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

No. But missus Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:44]

listened to a full episode of Life with a Twist of Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

Holy Moses. What did she think? I think this was probably her her second or third. She listened to the first two, and she said, it's just you two guys talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

And I'm like Well, that's I mean, that's like premise of the podcast. Exactly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

it. Which which is a great way to, like, book in the 100 episode acknowledgment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

I mean, I think this is a big deal. Right? Like, it's a non trivial thing to make it to a 100 episodes. We've been basically doing this for two years ish. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

I think it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

it's very appropriate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

what the main topic of today's episode is going to be. Because this this whole podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

stemmed out of a conversation about buying a MacBook, if you recall. It's true. I was I was walking I think I was walking the dog.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

Probably. Yeah. Back when you walked the dog regularly and would call me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

Well, okay. I walked the dog regularly, but you're working now when I do it most of the time. So It's not a nighttime thing anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

Yeah. I mean, it will be when it cools off, man. I tell you, it's been so bloody hot. Like, you're up there enjoying all this rain and cool weather, and it's it's like well, today was actually nice. But yesterday, it was like 80 degrees, and we haven't had rain in forever that I'm actually watering my grass now. We are back up to 84 degrees this week. So it's 84 right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

Gonna turn on my air again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

I did not turn on the heat when we had nights around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

45

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

degrees, but, know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

that time will come. Just you wait. So so we started this podcast by talking about the MacBook, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

it resulted, I think, in me buying one first, and then slowly or shortly thereafter, you did as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:27]

Yeah. Mine was a couple months later when my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:31]

old MacBook started sounding like a jet engine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

And and so, you know, I I think at that time, I assumed that we would be like a Apple podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

like that was gonna be a common theme. I I actually think we've been pretty balanced. We haven't overwhelmed the podcast with Apple news. Although, I said, today's gonna be an Apple podcast kind of day. Indeed. But we talked about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:55]

reminiscing over the last 100 episodes too. So some people like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

Shout out to you, Elizabeth Doc, my sister. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

So all this to say, John, I I wanna just let you know, first of all, happy anniversary, friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

And I cannot think of anybody else that I would have wanted to spend the last 100 episodes with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

Not even Joe Taylor?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

I you know, I it is probably inevitable that mister Taylor winds up on the podcast, but that moment hasn't come. This is I look forward to that We're not a guest podcast. Right? No. So when it happens, it's a pretty big deal. Yep. Patrick Sertivant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

Mark Butso had his Made an appearance. Yeah. All three lemon children.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

You got it. You got it. No missus lemon yet, though. Yeah. We're working on that. What we'll have to do see, I think this the strategy is we should have both of the missus on at the same time. We figure out how to do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

a pod it'll be like a double date. That's what we'll call it. I think it would be hilarious to just have the ladies do a podcast episode for us just talking about us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

listen. You you start negotiating that on your end. I think if missus Colmire were to get in on that, we could we could get missus Lummon. Figure it out. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

I'm I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

You've been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:16]

basically in your house nonstop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

since March. Like, you you're even more isolated than I am at this point. Right? Yes. I mean, I had that trip to Louisville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

and the trip to McHenry for my COVID parties. But That's right. That's right. So maybe you're not more isolated than I am. So I've gone to different states. But Alright. I've On a week or week basis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

I believe that I am more isolated than you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

So in the last six months, how many times have you eaten out? And by eaten out, I mean, like, just getting food that somebody else cooked for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

Does ordering pizza count?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

Oh, absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

Then we're probably at the 10 mark.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

And and tell me about your most recent ordering out. Yeah. So this one was not planned. I was, enjoying my evening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

It was kinda late. We hadn't eaten dinner yet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:09]

and Instagram

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

ads and the stories and we should talk about Instagram sometimes, Danny. You'd have fun with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

We should just talk about Instagram ads because I they have suckered me at least once already this week to the tune of a $100. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

So I got this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:27]

Instagram ad that was for it's just wings is the name of the place, and it was delivered by DoorDash.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

So I have the DoorDash app installed on my phone, so I don't know if that plays into it at all. But it was Wings, and I'm like, oh, new Wingplace in Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:44]

That sounds awesome because we don't have any good Wingplaces in Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

Hold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

hold on. You so you have Wingplaces though. Right? So we have one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

wing place that's specifically wings, and then there's like sports bars and stuff that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

specialize in Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

it a chain or is it is it like a one off? Which which one are we talking about here? So this is Wingstop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:09]

No. Wingstop is a pizza hot one, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

No. No. Wings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

Are you sure Wingstop is an actual place? You've got like I got I got b Dubs, buffalo wild Okay. Particularly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

care for their wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

Now hold hold up. Do you is it is it a saucing problem or is it a wing problem with b dubs?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

So I think it's a wing problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

Okay. Okay. Because they You normally do you do bone in wings. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

Okay. Alright. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

So, yeah, it is Wingstop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

So Wingstop isn't bad. Like, you know, wings, etcetera, isn't bad. But these are these are chains,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

I think here's here's what I've noticed. Right? I don't know if you remember. If you rewind your life fifteen years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

did you have buffalo wild wings? Did you had you tasted buffalo wild wings fifteen years ago? Fifteen years ago. Yeah. Because it Okay. It hit Milwaukee when I was in high school, I think. Do do you remember what those wings tasted like? Because I thought fifteen years ago, buffalo wild wings was orders of magnitude superior to what they are today. So I never loved,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

buffalo wild wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

I haven't ever. So I know like, everybody loves the boneless ones. Apparently, they have really good boneless wings, but I mean I I don't think that's true. No? So No. I don't know. My brother was really into Buffalo Wild Wings for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

I so I I let me let me say this first of all. Like, I generally will order boneless over boned in mainly because I don't usually trust the quality of the meat for a bone in wing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

at a wing place, like, especially, like, Buffalo Wild Wings. Right? Like, the quality of the meat is just not there. Yep. How however, I'd I think, again, fifteen years ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

I would have said that was a decent wing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

I think when they first introduced boneless wings, because I I don't know I don't know if you remember. That was not always something they had on the menu, like That I do not remember. Yeah. So so, you know, bone like boneless wings are an innovation, man. These are basically, what they did is they they glorified chicken nuggets. Exactly. You know, with sauces. Right? And and nobody has seemed to, like, register that you can actually get a pretty decent chicken nugget with a pretty decent sauce at Wendy's. But, you know, whatever. I digress. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

so Buffalo Wild Wings today, I think they over fry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

their boneless wings. They get tough on the outside and dry on the in, and then when they go to sauce them, unless you have somebody fully competent in the back who knows what they're doing, you get like a drip of sauce per, you know, boneless wing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

which is actually a chicken nugget. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

They don't they don't actually like drench them, and I the whole purpose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

of of wings, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

is a vehicle for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

a good sauce. If the sauce is bad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

right, or the sauce is not respectable enough that you can cover the whole wing in it, you're in a bad wing place. Yep. Just just period.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

I could go on about wings, but I'm not going to, because I wanna hear about it's just wings. How do you feel about dry rubs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

for wings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

I think most of the time, it's a cost saving measure on the part of the restaurant in order to avoid, you know, giving me exactly what I've ordered and and charging me the same amount as if I had ordered it with a sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

I you know, I don't I don't know. Like, you can definitely season a wing in a way that is enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

But the I think the problem is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

nine times out of 10, the seasonings are subpar. Right? They don't have an Aaron Fanker in the back room mixing up a, you know, seasoning blend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

for these these wings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

and they don't put enough on, and they also they overcook them. Right? So one of the one of the beautiful things about a sauce is an overcooked wing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

can, like, it can be redeemed by a good saucing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

And you you know, with the the risk reward of a dry rub, it's just too high for me, quite frankly. So I have never ordered dry rub on wings. There was a smoke,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

like, barbecue place in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

Nubo City Market that had smoked wings that were very good, and then I would use either their barbecue sauces or buffalo sauce or something like that, but it wasn't like an actual buffalo wing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

So Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

So I I have ordered dry rub.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

I just have never been satisfied. I've I've always been disappointed. In fact, I'm pretty sure the last time I did it, I was like, go get me the biggest vat of ranch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

that you have so that I can fix this wing that you gave me. I'm pretty sure that's how it went down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:39]

Anyways So what's the story with this it's just wings? Because I like, this is a new wing joint. Is that the deal? So it's weird. So I looked into it and like, hey, did this open up? Can I, like, go there when I actually go places again? And no, they use the kitchens of Chili's and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

like Maggiano's or something. I can't find the website anymore. I think that sounds right from the first time you mentioned this. And Maggiano's is probably owned by the same same chain. Yeah. So basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

I guess they have different cooks, but they just use these kitchens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

So it's like scales I bet it's the same cooks, man. I bet it's the same Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

yeah. This is think about this. This is it's brilliant. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

This is an optimization for the world in which we live in now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

and the world which was starting to evolve before. Like, COVID COVID had just exacerbated this fact that people don't actually wanna eat in restaurants. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

yeah. So the wings, it like, the name of the place is it's just wings, and they don't provide silverware or napkins or anything like that because you have it at home. They only deliver through DoorDash,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

and every order comes with curly fries. It's not an upcharge or anything like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

I'm sure they build it into the pricing model, but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

like, everything just comes with curly fries and a side of ranch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

And their their tagline is at stupid prices.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

Killer wings at stupid prices. I so let me ask you this. When you got your wings, you got you got eight bone in?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

Yep. I got eight smoked bone in wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

Okay. And I if I remember right from your recipe, it was $8. $8. For those wings. Yeah. Yep. And then it was $8 for 11 boneless wings as well? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Yeah. So I I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

I honestly actually think that's a pretty good price compared to, like, the last time I went to b dubs. I'm pretty Yeah. I'm probably trying find, like, $15.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

I definitely didn't get curly fries. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

In fact, I don't think I even got silverware until I asked for it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

But they have beer on tap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

They do, but I increasingly, it's not good beer. That's the other thing, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

Buffalo Wild Wings, right, their draft picks are are basically, you know, whatever Bud has rebranded,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

and then the service is garbage. So this this interests me. Now, they don't deliver to my house, unfortunately. But but I gotta ask, how were the wings, John? For actually, what sauce did you get? So I got the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

jalapeno cilantro sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

Bold choice. Bold choice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:25]

And the sauce was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:27]

not good. That's not even showing up on this menu here. See, I'm surprised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

I mean, help me understand what goes through your mind when you order

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

a habanero cilantro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

I don't know. It just sounded good. I wasn't really feeling buffalo at the time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

And I thought, hey. Why not go out and go out on a limb and try one of their sauces?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:52]

But it was a bad choice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

would have told you that ahead of time, but, you know, you didn't ask me about your sauces before you went all in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

So missus Kollmeyer got boneless wings, and she got the ponzu sauce, which was Asian inspired citrus sesame sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

See, that sounds good. That sounds legitimately So good to that sauce,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

was good. It's not something I would order.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

Yeah. I could say. You know, I don't you know, it's somebody that I see as gravitating towards

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

you know, Asian style flavors. So I don't even see this the Yeah. I've not seen it there either. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

is fascinating. So they got apparently a a blue cheese dip. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

Actually, this looks like they'll toss a minute. They got mango habanero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

No surprise there. That's like, you know, the new Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

barbecue,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

honey chipotle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

spicy pineapple teriyaki, the ponzu you mentioned, Santa Fe, which is a creamy jalapeno cilantro sauce. Maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

yeah. That's the one I got. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

And then a truffle hot sauce, which I ain't gonna lie. I would That sounds pretty I would be curious about that. Yeah. Honey sriracha also sounds exceptional in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

And then ranch. Right? But buffalo, of course. I think this is the thing that I was struggling with, John. I I this goes back to our

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

whole strategy around milkshakes. Right? Like, what do you baseline test on?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

And and I don't understand why you would try wings at a new place without just starting with the buffalo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

So here's the thing, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:23]

I make pretty darn good grilled buffalo wings based on your recipe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

It's you know, here here's the thing. It's alright. We're gonna just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

we're gonna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

reveal the emperor without his clothes here. Wings are not that hard to do. No. You have to be patient,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

and you have to have a little bit of butter and a little bit of Frank's. Right? And and every every idiot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

in the world can pull this off. You turn that grill super low,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

and you put the wings on And flip them very fast. Right? Yeah. Constantly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

turning them. Right? Because you don't want them to light on fire and and over over burn. But you do that for an hour, hour fifteen, hour half, depending on, like, how many wings you get going on. How big the wings are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

Yeah. And that too. And then you spin them. Right? And and you literally you follow the recipe on the back of Frank's. If you wanna if you wanna spice it up from there, you go for it, man. Because I I totally do that. Yep. But that's all it takes. So it shouldn't be hard, which is why the beauty of the buffalo sauce is we can judge their technique.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:26]

That's fair. Are you saying I have to order wings again?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

I I think I think for the sake of the podcast, you should. Now, like I said, this place does not deliver to my house. I know. It's sad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

I'm going to be checking it every day

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

until it is, you know, like, delivering to my house because I'm I'm genuinely interested in this. I I really am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

So that was the sauces. The Santa Fe sauce was completely flavorless.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

I even tried it on a curly fry, and, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

there was nothing there, man. And they label it as hot in the app. In the DoorDash app, it was labeled hot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

Yeah. That's that's how it's labeled here. It says creamy jalapeno cilantro sauce not quite as hot as New Mexico in the summer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

That's not a description. That tells me nothing about the sauce. So that was no good. Ponzu sauce had good flavor, just not something I would gravitate towards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

On both the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

boneless wings and my wings, they were not sauced well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:23]

Like, it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

there was a decent amount of sauce on them, but it was not distributed evenly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:31]

like, if I'm seeing breading on a boneless wing that isn't sauced, then that's a problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

Yeah. Like, that's basically, at that point, it's not sauced. Right. Right? Like, you gotta you gotta spin those suckers in a pot. You gotta get them completely covered. And if they're not completely covered, you're doing something wrong. Right. Or being really fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

Yeah. Exactly. So what about what about the actual meat? Like, were were the boneless over fried?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

No. The boneless wings themselves were huge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

and they were delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

Okay. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

That's good. Not too much breading then?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

No. Because that just because of how big they were. I mean, if they were, like, smaller, then the breading would overpower them. Sure. Sure. No. I think they were great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

The meat on the bone or on the bone in wings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

Was delicious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

So I got the Oh. So I didn't go traditional bone in wings, Dan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

I went with the pecan wood smoked bone in wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

Yeah. See that? So I would do that. That's what I would probably do. I ain't gonna lie. So smoked,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

not fried,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

and they were so good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

Like, the the chicken meat themselves. Like, the wings, I would go order these again even though my sauce was flavorless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

That's that's quite the endorsement. I I ain't gonna lie. I'm I'm a little bit curious. I have to look. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

mister Taylor usually has stuff deliverable to his house that's not to mine. I should see if I could get wings delivered to his house. And then have him bring him over to the deck. Well, no. I just sit in his backyard and eat them. I mean, the sake of the podcast. Right? Yep. He's gonna he's gonna be listening to this and wondering what he's getting himself into. I'm sure he likes wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

Oh, alright. There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

if he doesn't, I'm I don't even know what I'm gonna do. Like, I I I'd have to reevaluate the whole friendship. Yeah. Let's see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

Oh oh, it's just wings delivers the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

Tonight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

Yeah. If you're listening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

we have a date with destiny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

Alright. Bottom line, would you recommend people try out this it's it's just wings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:30]

Yeah. I would. It was super cool. They were quick. I mean, I have a Chili's that's not super far away from me. The food was still warm when I got it, which I cannot say for the majority of my DoorDash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

Yep. Order is It's a big deal. It really is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

But yeah. So that's good. Curly fries were acceptable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:50]

They

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

Yeah. I mean, it's a potato. Right? Right. Yeah. But they weren't bad. And the ranch sauce, although a little thin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

had very, very good flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

I have the suspicion that you like your ranch sauce thicker than I do, but we'll we'll This was like watery and drippy and didn't stick to wings overly well. That's not good. See, that stickiness. That's that's really the important part there. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

alright. Well, I, I look forward to trying these at some point. I don't know if it'll be before the next episode because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

you know, COVID, but, we'll see what we can pull off. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

Now to the main event as we are twenty five minutes into this thing. It's alright. It's alright. It's the hundredth episode. It could be a hundred minutes long, and it'd be fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

No. So did you did you watch this today? I did not, but I had about 75

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

text messages

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

going back and forth between a couple of my friends, you being one of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

Okay. Well, so I I confess to watching it, but I didn't listen to it. It. Because I had another meeting going on. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

with their amazing accessibility support, had the whole thing closed captioned, and it was it was beautiful. So I put it up, you know, behind the other screen I was watching and somewhat listening to, and I read along. So I caught I caught probably about 85 to 90 of it. And then I spent, you know, after I was done with work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

catching up just on news. It's it's an interesting event because normally in September, right, they're announcing new iPhones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

But as we know, COVID has disrupted the supply chain. It it has. Even if you don't believe it has, it has. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

that is even more so true with things that are, you know, built in China that are coming over the stateside. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

Apple's not going to be shipping iPhones at the same time they normally do. However, they did have the Apple Watch, and they had the iPad in queue, plus they had some interesting, or at least I think interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

service changes as well. So, let's just start with the Apple Watch. The Apple Watch six is the big thing, and this the the key feature was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

blood oxygen monitoring, which you probably don't care about because you don't care about health. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

So I think this is it's it's interesting to me because I like all the data I can absorb. I think the other thing that's interesting, they they kinda like hinted at this, but they didn't go all in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

If your blood oxygen level is low, right, there's a whole bunch of issues that could be going on in your life, including

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

COVID.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Right? And so I think it's, it's interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

to think about, could this device help identify COVID? Now, again, they didn't say that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

but I you gotta think that it's on their minds. Right? Right. And they've got a number of studies that are taking place. Apple's got a whole, like, research wing that it sponsors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

and and you gotta think that some of that will emerge out of this, I'm sure. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

I don't know that I'm going to upgrade just yet. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

I've I bought the last one, the always on. Missus Luna is the one before that. So I'm gonna have a serious come to Jesus moment with her and talk about, like, is your, you know, watch in need of upgrading? Like, what are you thinking?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

Most likely, she'll say, that's fine because that's just how she rolls. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

all all the OS updates that they've shared information for today, we've already discussed. Yep. Sleep tracking is big, you know, all that fun stuff. That's all cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

Does does this watch interest you at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:10]

No. Not really. No. I'm Yeah. Want an upgrade. Of course, I've never bought an Apple Watch, Stan. I've got my hand out. You just you're waiting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

Did buy I did buy missus Colmire an Apple Watch. I should say that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

I'm over here, like, well, I don't think I'm gonna upgrade it, and John Colmire's like, alright. Well, I'll get the I'll get it next time when the seven comes out. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:32]

So our our our buddy Patrick Sturtevant is still using the original one apparently. That thing's gotta be so slow. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

man. I cannot That'd drive me nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

Yeah. I it just tells you that he probably isn't using much on it, is my guess. Yeah. Well, I'm sure doesn't support a lot of this stuff. Well, yeah. I I should have asked. I didn't ask if it was the original original or the series one, because there's a slight difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

So I I don't know. You know, it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

it looks like a good it looks like a good device. It looks like a good upgrade. It's just not it there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

I'm not sold on the blood oxygen being enough to move me forward. Now if I was on a series four, which didn't have the always on display,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

I could definitely see,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

that as a possibility. Right? Like, I could see that as being interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

But I've already got the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

I've already got the always on display, so there's no need for me to do that. It's kinda my my gist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

Who knows? I don't wanna fall into the trap of you need a new watch every

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:32]

two years or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:35]

Sounds Yeah. Ridiculous for a watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

I don't know. I don't know that it I don't know that that bothers me that much. I think because the it's it's so much more than a watch. Right? Like Yeah. It's it's a little it's a little computer that hangs on your wrist. And depending I think it really comes down to this. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

if you're thinking about upgrading every year or if that's or every two years, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

I think it boils down to this, like, how much are you actually getting out of it? Are you using Siri every day? Are you using stuff other than just like tracking a walk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

you know? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

if you are, then it probably makes sense to like invest a little more in it, you know? But if you're not, then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

why bother? And I I think I think Apple is gonna struggle with that in its user base just like it has in the iPhone. Right? Like, what what's the value of an upgrade?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

But, you know, this this blood oxygen thing, think there's a a large group of individuals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

This is gonna be a huge feature for. I think if you didn't do the always on display,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

then this might even make more sense for you. Because quite frankly, like, the always on display was a huge deal for me. I I it really changed the value of the watch from my standpoint.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

You know what would really change the value of a watch for me?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

What what's that if I gave it to you? No. If all of my apps that I used supported Siri integration.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

fair. That's fair. I'm curious. Is there a is there an app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

on the watch that you want to use that doesn't have Siri integration?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:03]

Overcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

Oh, I I feel like Overcast has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:08]

serial integration. You gotta go through the whole shortcuts thing and set it up though. Oh, okay. Fair enough. I have not set anything up. Yeah. You haven't set the time. That's I just wanna I just wanna talk to the virtual assistant and have her do my life for me. I don't know. Does dark sky support it? I've never tried that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

I've not tried that either because quite frankly, like, just use the complications when I'm looking at the weather. Right. Same. And don't think much of it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

alright. So I think the other interesting news on the watch front was the Apple Watch SE, which is a lower cost entry level model.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

Not hugely lower, but enough. Right? Like Yep. It was it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:46]

not insignificant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

Does that interest you, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:50]

So I haven't looked really what's all involved with the SE. Does that have always on display?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

It does not. So it lacks it lacks a bunch of the, like, newer features. Yeah. EKG or ECG. Excuse me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

Always on and the blood oxygen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

basically, is what it lacks. But So, basically, it's the same watch that I have now. It's probably pretty close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

So Nah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

Wait. What was interesting and I gotta be very careful because my kids actually listen to our podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

What was interesting to me is they presented the SE as part of this family pairing setup that they,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

offered up. So basically, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

you have to have a phone to go with your watch. Well, that's great unless you don't have a phone like my 10 year old. Right? And so Your 10 year old doesn't have a phone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

No. My 10 year old does not have the phone and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:39]

is she the only 10 year old of in her friends group who doesn't have a phone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

No. She is not. And you're not really helping, John, because she listens to the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

I didn't have a phone when I was 10 either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

I I just I told her I didn't either. Right? And the phone that I finally got when I was 16 wasn't even mine. I I got to, like, check it out from the house Yep. And carry it along Like when you had a after school practice or something like that. Yeah. You need to call for a ride.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Exactly. And and that phone even then, right, like, did one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

Made phone calls.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

So the this watch though deal basically allows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

you to pair watches

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

with your like a main phone, like my phone. So I could get a watch for every one of my kids and pair it to my phone. And there's there's some pretty cool, I think, things that come out of that. My kids all have little Garmin,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

Vivo Fit Juniors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

And, you know, they're not nearly as expensive as an Apple Watch. But I think there's also some other advantages in terms of, like, tracking and being able to call. I think I've told you before about the relays that we have with my kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

I'm I'm actually just now thinking about declining

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

to renew those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

You'd have to do the whole like sell $10 per month thing per watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

There are implications. It's not gonna be a cheap thing, but I do think that this is potentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

pretty interesting. And I see a lot of value. I'm gonna kinda look and see how it shakes out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

I I can't say whether or not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

a watch is in my kid's future. I'm sure they'll listen to this and be like, you know, bugging me about it from now until Christmas, but who knows? Who knows? Dad said we're getting watches for Christmas. Oh, no. But you know, I think about it. Right? Like, just with, like, keeping an eye on kids and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

being able to communicate with them, and also being able to have, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

yeah. They're not they're not you're not doing Snapchat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

on your watch. Right? And, like, stuff like that. So I think I think there's something advantageous about it. I'm I'm gonna think on it a lot. Like, this is it's interesting to me, but that was another thing today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

which I I thought was kind of interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

Yeah. So then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

the other one, which I'm sure you were paying all attention to because you've been just itching to buy a new iPad. Right, John? I have considered

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

buying a new iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

I think now is your moment. This iPad Air is a pretty sleek looking device. You know what the problem with this iPad Air is? It costs money. It's at the $600

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Like, do they have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

AirLight or something like that? Well, they they did update the base model today, and the base model is nothing to blush at. Like, it's this is a legitimate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

it it all for for at least the last couple of renditions, it has been a legitimate piece of equipment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

And this just continues

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

a really decent piece of hardware

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

that probably is just perfect or even beyond perfect for most people. Right? Right. Now the the iPad Air is just a notch above it. And I looked today, I actually did a side by side comparison with my iPad Pro that I got three years ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

And in terms of the some of the things that led me that way, terms of the laminated screen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

the the high quality screen, like, all that is now baked into the iPad Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

The iPad Air also has the edgeless screen like the current iPad Pro does, which is pretty slick. And it actually has the most modern processor that Apple's rolled out. Yep. Did you catch any of the news around this? Faster than the iPhone. First time the iPad has been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:07]

more powerful than the iPhone. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

It's it's insane. Well and did you see about the five nanometer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

Yeah. Technology? Yep. This is crazy. So they they they mentioned it in the video, but they they actually have to measure this in terms of atoms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

That's like Crazy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

And if you don't understand about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

processors and what the nanometer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

like, measurement means. Basically, it's this. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

you get more speed for less power, the smaller

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

those, like, you know, that the silicon gets. And so at five nanometers, I I honestly don't know of anything else that small. I'm there's probably something, because I don't I don't think Apple's like the only one there. Probably the only one mass producing it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

And so this this is a legitimate piece of equipment. And I think it'll be really interesting to see the further iterations of the a 14 chip that they released today, cause I'm pretty sure that we're gonna see it in an updated iPhone in October. Yep. I'm pretty sure that we're gonna see it in an Apple MacBook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

at the end of the year. And I would imagine sometime early next year, we'll see another iteration of it in the iPad Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

this is cool stuff. This is a seriously powerful machine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:15]

Yep. It's crazy. I mean, this is the kind of stuff that unlocks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:19]

the stuff we haven't even thought about yet. So, like Oh, totally. Totally. The iPhone initially and what that did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:26]

But this with this kind of power,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

in this size

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:30]

is crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

It's it's truly just amazing to wrap your brain around. And they showed some demos today in terms of both gay gaming and like photo editing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

and in just some of the more, I would say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

complex workflows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

with this device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

really seem to to blaze on this chip. So I think there's a lot of there's a lot of good stuff. I've I've been very bullish on the iPad for a very long time. I I I think Most people beginning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. But but I think even more so in the last couple years because I you know, Apple has leveled up the iPad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

to as really serious piece of computing hardware.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

And, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

know, I'm I'm I'm pretty stoked. The thing I'm debating right now, again, is my iPad is about three years old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Should I replace it? If I were to replace it today, I think based upon how I use it, the iPad Air would probably make sense. Oh, I didn't even mention. Do you see the colors?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

So I read about the colors. I have not actually seen them. I should go look at those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

Colors are beautiful. They they it's this, like, aluminized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

or colorized aluminum or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

and the blue really spoke to me. I believe that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

Way. Deep way, even though it's not a very deep blue. It's not a very deep blue. It's a very it's a lovely blue. I mean, these are really lovely colors. Same with the watches, by the way. The the product red Apple Watch looks really sharp.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Sky blue, it is called. Sky blue. Yeah. No lilac, but sky blue. I'll take it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

tempting, isn't it, John? As you look at it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:09]

What does Listen. $600,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

64 gigs. I could probably get away with that. I don't keep all of my Marvel library on my iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

I I do just because I can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

last but not least, I don't wanna let this episode run too long. We're definitely not trying to hit the hundred minutes on purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

did you catch the service updates today? So there were I think there were two important things. One, again, you probably don't care about because it has to do with health. That was Right. The fitness plus or whatever. Yeah. Why is plus everything? Why is everything plus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

Because you gotta pay for it. The plus means you gotta pay for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

It's basically workout videos, things of that sort. It's it's gonna be $9.99 a month. Yeah. I mean, this what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:53]

does this compete with? Does this compete with, like A ton of things. Peloton and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

Probably not so much Peloton,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

but but there I mean, there are just a ton of services, a ton of apps out there that offer up workout videos, including I mean, let's let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

just harken back to the eighties and when you were buying workout videos on VHS. Right? Like That was not me. This has been going on. What's that? That was not me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:19]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:20]

Because, like There's a it was seven months when the eighties. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

There's a whole category of, you know, workout videos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:28]

and and they're jumping into that space, but they're pairing up with the Apple Watch. And I think, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

they've got a competitive edge here in terms of their integration.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

I'm interested. I'm gonna take a look at it. I'm not exactly a workout fiend, but I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

it could be, you know, just another little notch in Apple's belt, another place where they're branching out. They're clearly very bullish on this whole health sector. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

I will try the three month trial if I get a new Apple Watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

but I'm probably not going to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

I will probably gain access to it. I'm gonna do it. So I think pretty sure this is family pricing. Yeah. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

the thing that will compel me to get this though is the Apple one bundle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:11]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:12]

So that was kinda cool. I don't subscribe to a lot of things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

Well, I was gonna ask you, like, what what do you actually subscribe to from Apple today?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

ICloud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

Alright. And you're probably on what? Like, the 200 gig level? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:26]

You don't pay for Apple Music? Nope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

Because you don't pay for Apple. Nope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

you have Spotify

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

and you share it with missus Colmer. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

Alright. What's that what's that run you a month?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:42]

$10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

Is that right? Okay. Yeah. And and so do you feel like you get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

more out of that than you would Apple Music?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

Not necessarily at this point since I'm not sharing time between a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:58]

oh, you know what it is? It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:02]

Amazon Echo integration, but I think that has been solved since I originally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

subscribed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:08]

I think that has been solved too. So I'm just curious, like, have you considered the possibility of switching to Apple Music? I have never considered it because that would take another step, Stan, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

I'm not unhappy with Spotify currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

I know. Well, I mean, it's just it's interesting to me. Right? So so I was thinking about this today. I am a two terabyte iCloud user because I've got tons and tons of kid photos. You'll have tons and tons of dog photos here soon. So I don't know. I haven't taken as many as I thought I would. So now, like, you can see Taliesin is growing, and he's looking older already. And, I should be taking a picture every day. But Oh my gosh. This guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

This guy. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:48]

I I'm I'm at the two terabyte level. I think that runs me $10

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

a month. I think that's what that is. Yeah. And then I got a month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

I've got Apple Music Family,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

right, which is like $14.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

or it's in the $15 range. Yep. And so I'm already at $25, right, that I'm giving Apple every month. And quite frankly, like, get a lot It's lot of value for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:08]

Yeah. It's it's a ton.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

It's a ton. Because, on the iCloud, it's not just photos. It's all the backups for all of my devices. It's also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

my file storage. Like, that's what I use. I know. You know? That's how you upload your podcast to me. It is. It is. It's completely touch free for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:26]

But it again, that's for the whole family, though. So all of my kids, same deal. It's just seamless. I don't have to worry about it. I really do I really do truly love that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

You know, Apple Music, everybody in the family uses it. And I for a while, we were reusing my account,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

right, between my wife and I. Yeah. That that will get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:45]

sticky real fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

Well, the problem I've noticed is since we've split,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:50]

right, all of the machine learning playlists that Apple Music makes are so much more interesting to me now because they don't have all that garbage that missus Lemon listens to. Like, know, has a wonderful taste of music. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:06]

it would influence my playlist. So and and oh, man. Stan imagine? Has half of wonderful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:12]

taste in music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:13]

Oh, this guy. But but can you imagine if my kids were also influencing those playlists? That would just be a disaster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:21]

It'd be that I got no time. I got no time to live. I got no time to you know that song? I do not. Oh my gosh. It's the kid these kids today, they listen to the worst. You're so old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

I am. Telling them to get off your lawn. Get off my lawn. They better get off my lawn. It doesn't have enough water in it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

then I also pay for arcade because I prefer those games for the kids. Well, Apple Yeah. We talked about that. Sudden suddenly, I'm at $30 a month, and now that's the premier bundle that Apple released today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:51]

And at the premier level, I'm gonna also get Apple News

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

and at Apple Fitness. So And you love Apple I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:59]

mean, I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:00]

a phone the app. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:02]

Yeah. It's it's okay. But, you know, I I think, like, all of this bundling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:07]

I'm gonna get a bunch of stuff, basically, the same cost I'm paying now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:11]

I'm gonna get an additional fee. Oh, Apple TV's in there too Right. Which I I haven't paid for because I got a Right. New device a year ago. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:19]

But that's about to run out. And so I I think I think there's a lot of value here. I'm interested in it. I I was hoping they would say exactly when this Apple one bundle would start, but they haven't. So I'll just have to wait patiently. Tomorrow. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:35]

that'd be great if they did. Oh, last thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:38]

All of the new OS has come out, the day before this is released, the day after this was recorded.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

Right. And I can tell you, at least thus far, I have I have the iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch Gold Masters all installed. Nice. And they're they're legit. This is a good release. I think Apple did pretty good. The iPad will blow you away. That scribble stuff is unreal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

I I haven't quite gotten used to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:05]

what do they call it? App library, but it doesn't look bad. It's an interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:10]

approach.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:11]

All the other stuff where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:13]

Siri and the phone and it don't, like, interrupt the whole screen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:17]

That's fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:19]

So this is, I think this is the direction that we want these platforms to go to. It's exciting year releases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:26]

I won't belabor the point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:28]

Any update

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:30]

from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:31]

Simon?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:32]

Yes. I do have an update from Simon. So Simon, my nephew, who was debating MacBook or iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:39]

surprised me. He ordered the day before the big iPad Air announcement. Oh. He did tell me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:45]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:46]

the iPad Air today looked awesome,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:49]

but he was still happy with his decision, which was, can you insert a drum roll? Can you do that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:55]

Oh, you got a real one? Okay. Sure. Yeah. It's not inserted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:59]

No. He he ordered a iPad Pro, the 12.9

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:04]

inch one, which surprised me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:06]

Giant. That's a yeah. It's a big one. It's a beast. But this is the Cadillac of iPads. Right? This is the big big big deal. And I know he ordered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:15]

a pencil,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:16]

and I'm pretty sure he's getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:19]

a smart connector keyboard case, but I haven't haven't heard on that. So I think he gets it delivered to him on Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:26]

He sounds pretty excited. I think he made a good choice. Really happy for him,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:30]

and, I'm just glad that he didn't get an upgraded Chromebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:34]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:35]

And if Simon can get an iPad, then I should probably upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:39]

Right. Hey, man. It could be the time. Just let me know what color you get so we can coordinate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:44]

Coordinate or we don't get the same one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:47]

Who cares at this point?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

So on that note, John, I just wanna tell you, my friend, it has been a really fun 100 episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:55]

We'll we'll see if we make it another 100. Alright. Sounds good. Maybe we should go twice a week recording?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

No. I'm I'm good. I'm not good. So am I.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:05]

Alright. On that note, this is Stan Lemon inviting you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:11]

Wash your hands and wear a mask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:13]

Later.
