---
title: The 2018 MacBook Pro
episode: 2
date: "2018-08-01T02:18:22.000Z"
slug: 2018-macbook-pro/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this conversation, John and his friend discuss their recent experiences
  with Apple products, specifically MacBooks with Touch Bar features. They talk
  about the benefits of certain features, such as Touch ID, and share humorous
  anecdotes about their personal preferences for phone colors. The discussion
  also touches on the topic of buying a house, which is a shared goal.
keywords:
  - MacBook Pro
  - Touch Bar
  - Bitmoji
  - House Buying
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

With a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

How was work, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

Was good. I was productive. Mondays are actually my favorite day to do work because I usually don't schedule any meetings on Mondays and I don't know. It always seems like a productive day coming off the weekend. Yeah. I don't ever schedule meetings, but invariably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

I have meetings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

And my Mondays never quite start. Like, in the morning, right, I wake up, and one of the first things I do is I look at my calendar to try and figure out when I need to be alert and and cognitive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

like, or, like, capable of having cognition in a reasonable way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

I I always look at the calendar and go, oh, it's not gonna be an eventful day. And then I find myself here at 6PM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

thinking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

wow, I literally finished working about ten minutes ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

That's crazy, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

That's how Mondays roll. Mean, I is like everybody that that didn't get work done on Fridays wants to suddenly accomplish something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

so I think that's kinda why the meetings pile on and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

kind of all the craziness that happens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

But Yeah, that's annoying. I try to schedule meetings in afternoons too because like after lunch I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

sluggish and don't want to do anything so meetings kind of force me to be productive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

but not on Mondays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

That's not I mean, that's not bad logic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

I don't know. It it doesn't wouldn't work that way in my world as much as I would like it to, but That's because you work with too many people, Stan. I do work with a lot of people. That's that is for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

Alright. So last time we talked about origins. Right? Like, kind of the origins of why we're gonna mess with a podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

I think we alluded to the fact that we talked about, like, the the most recent incarnation of should we have a podcast came out of a conversation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

Apple's new MacBook Pros.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

So I was walking the dog,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

and I called you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

with my AirPods looking like a fool talking to the air

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

the paths that are outside of my subdivision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

And I told you that I was excited about the new MacBook Pros.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

You did? Let let's pause for just a minute and talk about our current Mac ecosystem because I think this is important context.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

Tell us about the Macs that you have right now, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

go to workhorse machine is a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

MacBook Pro 15 inch twenty twelve Retina.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

So we're what? That's six years old, over six years old now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

I run that at work. I run that if I'm doing things at home. I actually don't open my laptop at home all that often anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

I'm running iPad mini at home mostly for reading articles or books or consumption of some sort. I don't do a lot of work on the iPad mini. That was the second gen mini, I think. I don't even know. That tells you how old it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

Does it have a retina screen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:32]

It does not. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

Do any of the minis have retinas? I I think the most recent one does. I it's been a while since I've had a mini. Yeah. I like the size of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

And then I got iPhone eight, so I'm relatively current on that. And first gen Apple Watch, which was a hand me down from a very generous friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

I wonder who that is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

You just have the one computer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:56]

right now, is that right? Yep, yeah. My wife is running a 2012

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

MacBook Air two, but I never touch it, so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

Okay, alright. And what was the first Mac you ever got your hands on?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

Oh, well, first Mac I ever got my hands on was my parents had a Performa back in the Performa days. Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

And then yeah. So when Apple went through that, my dad actually switched over to Windows because of how poorly they were running.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

So that's the I don't know. Even before that, I remember playing these games on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

on floppy disks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

and that was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:37]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

first Macintosh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:41]

And he bought, like, the extra megabyte

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

hard drive storage system that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

took up more than a desktop tower would now. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

So that's the first Mac. But when you like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

because you had a Windows period. Right? The first Mac that you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

individually bought kind of in the new Steve Jobs era.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:05]

Yeah. So that was that white MacBook which I bought refurbished

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

13 inch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

that would have been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:12]

2,009.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

That was a good computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

It was. My mother is actually still running that computer even though it's no longer supported.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

Wow. I'm trying to get her to update. But yeah. Yeah. It's still running.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Missus Kolmeier, if you're listening, you should get a new laptop. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

my my lay of the land is gonna be a little more complicated here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

Alright. So my the only the only personal computer I have today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

is I I think I referenced this in the last, episode, is my Mac Mini 2011 server edition. Now, if you this Mac Mini server's been discontinued for a while. Mac Mini hasn't been updated in forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

But the Mac Mini server was the first one that didn't have an optical drive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

and so you got two hard drives in it. And one was an SSD and one or you could opt in for one as an SSD and one as a a spinning drive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

And so I did that, and that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

has been awesome. It's got a I seven quad core way back in the day, you know, an older gen, obviously, but it it's just been a great machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

The one downside to it is the video card is absolute crap. It's just it's just terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

So I I plug it into my current monitor and it can't put out enough resolution for it to not look terrible on the monitor, which is sad. I've got a I've got another monitor in a box somewhere that I haven't pulled out since I moved that I should be using with it, but but whatever. That's my personal computer. That's status quo. I used to have the original,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

MacBook Pro Retina, the first one that came out. It was a great computer, and I sold it about a year and a half ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Just because it was getting old, I wasn't using it as much. I I kept I kept using this Mac mini desktop that was in the kitchen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

oddly enough. And and so I thought, well, you know, get some scratch for it. And I used that scratch to buy my iPad Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

10 and a half inch, model, which I use all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

I don't, I don't travel with a computer typically anymore. I don't sit on the couch with a computer anymore. I just use my iPad Pro, and I love it. And I got the pencil,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

which, you know, it's it's useful. I I'll take notes in, like, bible study or whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

at church, but I don't really use it outside of that. The kids like to to pretend to draw with it, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

you know, it's, I think it's more novelty than than practical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

But that's that's my personal setup. And then for work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

I've got a beautiful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Mac Pro trash can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

sporting like 64 gig of memory. The processor's all maxed out, you know, all all of the truings. That's a great workhorse machine. Again, though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

video cards kinda leave a little bit to be desired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

the personal com like, the portable computer that I have from work is actually the MacBook Pro 13 inch touch. And I came to that, this is the old one, not the one they just updated. I came to that from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

the MacBook Pro 15 inches, just like I had been using. And the biggest the biggest downside to it was I went from a quad core down to a dual dual core.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

debated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

shortly after I got this one buying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

the MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

Escape, as some people call it. So the one with the little skip key that doesn't have the touch bar. The thing is the touch bar, I love it because of the Touch ID. I use the Touch ID all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

my letter n died,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

and it just straight up stopped working

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

about the time that I was moving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

And I needed to type in my address for all the, you know, different places at work where it needs to be updated. And I I was putting the letter n

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

into my copy paste buffer and pasting it because you can't write Indiana,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

or Stan Stan. Or Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

Yeah. Or John. Without the letter n. Right? Like, it's a really important letter, which is why I think, you know, it's kind of in the middle of the keyboard there, right where my I guess, it's my thumb can hit it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:12]

I got I basically got bit by That's right. You don't know how to type. No. I don't how type.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

Usually usually, that would be your right index finger that you go from the j down to the end to hit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

Oh, really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

notice those little bumps on the keyboard on the f and j key? Sometimes on the d and k. Oh, yeah. So that's where your index fingers go. So you always know where your where your hands come back to. Have they always been there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

Yeah. I I can tell you I definitely hit the letter n with my thumb.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

On the plus side, you're still typing what, like 110 words per minute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

Something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

With with I mean, I'm pretty accurate for the most part. Alright. Little little sidebar. I should explain this, right? I started typing on my dad's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

what was it? It was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

Packard Bell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

computer that we got. It was a it was a April

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

Windows 3.11

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

for work groups

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

back in the day. I started typing real real at a real young age. I technically, I guess, typed on dad's Atari ST, but the Packard Bells where I really learned how to type like a fiend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

on America Online,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

nobody that's been born in the last twenty years will know what that is. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

I just started pecking at the keyboard, and by the time I got to my first typing class, which is actually in seventh grade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

I was typing, you know, way faster than the teacher was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

all from the pecking position. And it was muscle control at that point because, you know, I had six, seven years of typing going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

And I've just never learned how to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

type from home row. I mean, I can do it if I'm looking down, but if I wanna just type,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

I I just I peck away. I only use like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

really two fingers on each hand and occasionally I throw in my thumbs. I'd I'd never ever use my pinky for anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

Yeah. Alright. We digressed. We were talking about the MacBook Pro Touch. So I got I got bit by the crappy keyboard. Right? The one that seems to get stuck. The keys die. The dust gets underneath it. But the fact of the matter is I need a personal computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

I need a portable personal computer at that. And I'm I'm jonesing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

So these updates look kind of attractive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

my computer being

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

six years old, decided, over six years old. There's a couple things that are starting to fail on it, which I could probably replace and get another couple years out of it, or I could upgrade now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

So my right fan makes this obscene noise if I don't hold the computer the right way or if I move it the wrong way. So that's bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

And my battery life now is probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

down to an hour if I'm not doing anything intensive. So that's not real great either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:07]

And I carry it carry it back and forth from work every day too. So I kinda like to go smaller and lighter too

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

than the 15 inch here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

That's that's like, the reason I went for the 13 inch. Right? It the portability factor. So I don't know if you remember this. I had a 11 inch Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

It was it was second to the second gen that they did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

when they finally became, like, affordable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

because the first MacBook Airs were outrageous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

That was a great computer and I used it for all kinds of stuff. I wrote a ton of code. I took it everywhere I went. This was pre iPad days. I just I I love that little device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

And even before that, my first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

ever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

personal Mac computer, I had one that I used at school quite a bit, but my first personal Mac computer was a 12 inch iBook G four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

It was like Wow. Fantastic computer. I loved that little machine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

so I've got this soft spot for small computers is is the gist of it. And I decided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

contrary to what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

everyone else that I work with did, I went with the 13 inch MacBook Pro Touch Bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

And I I don't regret it, to be honest with you. I definitely can see where having another set of cores would be nice, but it hasn't really inhibited me, and the size has been awesome. So the bag I got for this thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

literally just takes the laptop and the charger. It's teeny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

And I've been able to I mean, it just it's totally made my travel for work a 100 times more pleasant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:40]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

Have you carried it on your back on a bike yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

I have not. That that kinda stings, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

I do I do need the ticket. I need the ticket with me to work. I need to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

put it on the bike. I I just don't have a good bag set up for my bike right now. But I need to try that. I definitely do. We'll talk about cycling some other day. Yeah. We'll have to say that for the next episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

So what what is it about the new MacBook Pros that interest you? Like, why is it finally time to replace the one you've got?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

Oh, I think mostly is because I started carrying my computer to work on my back on my bicycle. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

that's a big role. And then also,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

like, if I'm on calls or recording podcasts and my fan could go crazy at any minute or I'm meeting with clients, it doesn't look real good. So like I said, I could replace the fan and probably get a couple more years out of it, but it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

this is a smaller model and it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

about as powerful as this. Probably more so powerful with the new processors and things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

So yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

work gives me some money towards new tech too. So I need to use that before it expires.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

That's a good reason. So have you looked at any of the Geekbench scores? Have you like have you played the numbers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

You sent me those articles and you're much more of a data guy than I am. I mean we're both data people but you way more so. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

I kind of looked at some reviews. You did this notebook track one that you sent to me that I read through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

A lot of it's geekery, especially since I'm not doing really highly intense stuff. A lot of the stuff that I do is now in a web browser because I'm not doing I think I've done something in Final Cut once in the last two years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

So I don't have the same power demands that I needed before. I don't have any time to play games anymore, so there's nothing there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

Yeah. So I think the notebook check one, wasn't the one I sent to you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

tilted me back towards the I five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

Yep. Okay. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

I think we're both at this point. We're we're firmly in the camp of the 13 inch. The 15 inch looks awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

It's the the 32 gig memory option

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

looks amazing. All of the stuff online about the I nine does not look real good. It looks like they're throttling that thing quite a bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

for thermal reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

And Mhmm. If you need that kind of multi threading, great. You should do that. But your top speed is obviously gonna be lower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

I don't I I mean, I have six cores

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

in my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

Mac Pro. If I need to do something that intensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

it is probably for my job, probably should be on that computer, probably isn't going to be on my personal computer. So it was easy for me to take the I nine bit and, like, not use that as a reason to look at the 15 inch. The 32 giga memory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

is very tempting to me though. Like that Yes. That is the thing that kinda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

you know, I felt this little bit of draw towards it. And then I remembered something. Something very important, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

What was that? That Mac mini I got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

only has eight gig of memory.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

I've I can upgrade it to 16. I've thought about doing it. It it would cost me like $75.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

It's not even expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

I've never done it because I have yet to have an issue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

where memory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

like, through through paging or whatever was going on, was the problem. It's always IO on that spinning platter that I got in there, or it's the graphics card without fail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

you know, I can talk myself down from the 32 gig. I cannot talk myself down from 16 gig. The the new MacBook Pros come with a base of eight, you can upgrade to 16. Right. Yeah. That's just gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

But I love the 13 inch size so much. It's like, alright. That's what I'm doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

then it became a matter of of really two variables for me. Because, again, gonna do the memory upgrade. The two variables are processor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

and storage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

And I'm curious, have you like, what are you thinking about doing in terms of processor?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

So processor, probably definitely the I five. Because like I said, I'm not doing a ton of really intensive stuff anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

And so it's just not worth the extra cost for me at this point. Yeah. I think I think it's like $340

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

or something like that. I could be looking at the education store, the company discount store. But it's like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

it's a little bit more than my compulsive buying would enable me to just flip the check mark on, you know? Right. If it was like $1.90, would have been done. I wouldn't have even thought about it. But crossing that 300 mark, it gave me a little bit of pause.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

The the article I sent you though, basically boiled down to this. The I five and the I seven that they're putting in the MacBook Pro Touch 13 inch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

have very little difference apart from top clock speed. So I was interested in things like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

you know, does it support the same kind of hyper threading?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

You know, does it have the same kind of cores? We already know that it does. So, you know, that just leaves total clock speed. And that upper clock speed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

really isn't that different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

It's the the power boost or whatever they call it. Basically, when the processor decides to take off and and burn your legs because it's putting off so much heat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

Right. Is that point where it is noticeably higher? But again, I don't think I'd do that enough to warrant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

the $300,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

$350,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

Right. Yeah. Because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:29]

you would be when do you use that kind of power, especially for personal stuff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

When I'm compiling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

either either something that I'm using kind of like the server side style stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

when I'm compiling that from source, which doesn't happen But a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

then the other thing is if I'm Still, compiling at what point does that make sense? I mean, it's gotta be a huge application at that point for it to make a huge difference, right? Yeah. I mean, it comes down to like time, right? So this is the other thing is with an iOS app, if I'm developing like something React Native or whatever, and I wanna prepare a binary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

then you're talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

seconds, minutes at most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

that it's shaving down from my workload.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

It's not it's not gonna be that big of a deal. I don't do video editing. I don't do audio editing. I leave that to you, John. So I don't I don't know that, like, any of those workloads that tend to be processor intensive are even at play for me. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:25]

And you don't play games anymore, even though we need to get Command and Conquer up and running somehow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

Yeah. We should. That's like the only game I've ever played historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

you know? Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

that is that even like a game? Does that constitute as a game? That seems different than the other stuff that you play.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

Yeah. That's definitely a game, man. Okay. I I just I don't know. I figured if I liked it, it probably wasn't, you know, a real game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

Hey. If it's fun and I wasted lots of time playing it in school, it counts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

So what about Sudoku?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

What about what? Sudoku.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

Oh, like the number puzzle? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

It's more of a puzzle than a game, I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

Comes in the paper. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

So like I would say a crossword puzzle is more of a puzzle than a game. You don't really I guess you could do them competitively,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

but I never have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

How would that work? Would you time it? Like you do the same puzzle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

and see who That finishes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

would be my guess. Oh, my wife would be all over that. She loves those things. I think that's the whole reason we get the printed paper is for the puzzles.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

Hey, Stan. Yeah. There's an app for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

Is there? I wouldn't know, John. I'm not interested in such things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

I should mention, my wife is extremely low tech. She has a phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

an iPhone SE,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

I think she'd be fine if she didn't have a phone as long as she could still reach me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

Right. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

MacBook Touch. MacBook Pro Touch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

Storage. Can we talk about the touch oh, storage. So I was thinking Let's do the storage part, and we'll come back to the touch bar. I know you wanna talk about the touch bar. Everyone wants to So talk about the touch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

storage,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:07]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

currently, locally, have two fifty six gig.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:12]

So that's more than enough with what I'm doing now because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

I put a bunch of stuff in the cloud.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

I store my pictures on their own dedicated backed up drives.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:22]

So I'm thinking just stick with two fifty six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

So the one I'm on now has a half a terabyte, which is the the default base for the MacBook Pro 13 inch touch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

Gotta say that 10 times fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

Mac mini I have has a three quarter terabyte SSD

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

and a one terabyte platter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

Then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

my Mac trash can, I think, has, like, two terabytes of data or three? Like, it's something insane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

The options on the MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

go half terabyte, terabyte, two terabyte. And if I remember right, the one terabyte upgrade

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

is $400.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:02]

Right. Which you could do for cheaper by yourself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

Well, you can't though. You can't on the device itself because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

it's Right. The the drive is soldered directly to the board. In in the old days, I could unscrew the back and swap the drive out. In fact, I think I did that with that iBook g four I mentioned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

I might have even done that with an old MacBook Pro way back in the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

But they don't let you do that anymore. So it's like, you make this choice and it's final. It's forever. Same thing with the memory. Right? That's that's kind of the problem with the way that Apple does their laptops these days.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

That's because they run for so long. They need somebody to buy a new computer for some reason. That's definitely part of it. Right? I think the other part is they want it smaller, lighter, thinner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

but still sturdy, and you gotta give on something. And every time you put a latch or a hook or whatever, something other than solder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

takes up space, adds weight, you know. There's no way around it. I think that that's probably more than anything else what plays into this. But you're definitely right. If you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

going to have someone use a computer as long as Apple users tend to use them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

You gotta take it out when they buy it. So there's there's a there's a cost. There's a cost to everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

But I've been leaning towards the half terabyte. For a little while, I was thinking I'd go terabyte.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

And then I was bored.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

I, I was watching TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

and I pulled up the Synology website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

I do this I do this about once a year. Pull up the Synology website, and I start pricing out different options for a NAS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

have not had a NAS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

for about five years now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

The last one I had was not a particularly good experience. It was not a Synology product. I think it was Netgear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

It was it was it was a bad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

bad choice. I think it even had a Spark processor. Do you even know what Spark processors are, John? I do not. So they were made by Sun Microsystems,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

way back when the Sun doesn't even exist anymore. Right. But, yeah, it was a little spark processor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

I'm pretty sure. I could be totally misremembering this, but it was it was not a a typical Intel based chip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

It was not AMD. It was not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

the ARM stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

And so it was just weird,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

but it it did not live up to expectations. And so I've not done an NAS since. I do a fair amount of stuff in the cloud, but I don't do everything in the cloud. And the Smac Mini probably has way too much important stuff on it. Truth be told. Right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

But I think I think I don't need to carry everything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

with me anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

I used to keep a copy of every movie I bought locally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

and I also used to keep a copy of all the music I bought locally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

I don't do that anymore because I've got Apple Music,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

and I've just bought too many movies to have them all on my device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

So I don't know. It seems like I might not need to keep everything local.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

This is just so tough. How long does it take you to think through buying a computer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

Probably not as much as you. See, what it comes down to me is I hate spending money. So, like, I'm the probably the only person ever who bought his first car and felt depressed afterwards because I spent so much money on it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

Tell me it was that little Honda Civic, the manual. It was with no air conditioning, manual transmission, manual locks and windows. It was great. I love that car. Might have been depressed after that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

I love that car, man. So when I upgraded, I went to a black Honda Civic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

Four doors,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:44]

air conditioning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

Bluetooth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

even cruise control on the manual transmission. That's pretty sweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

I forgot. You got another manual.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

I did. That's, that's, like, fading out, man. There aren't gonna be a lot of manual transmissions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

Know? Next time, I'm gonna have to buy some super sport racer car in order to stick manual. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

But like I said, I'm cheap, so it won't happen. So I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

contrary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

to common belief, I feel like I stress out about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

these sort of purchases

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

far more than I should. So the reason I haven't bought a MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

previously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

is because I've managed to talk myself out of it. And my wife is convinced I'm gonna do that again. But I'm going on a trip here soon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

and I didn't wanna order before the trip and have it possibly come while I was on the trip. So I'm going to do it while I'm on the trip, so it'll come after I get back from the trip, if that makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

But I'm definitely doing it. And at least this thing stand right now, I will do the 16 gigabyte memory upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

I will stay a half a terabyte, and I will do just the regular old I five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

So basically, you're just gonna end up with more storage than me. Hey?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

No. No. No. I said half terabyte. That's the default.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

No. It's not, man. You can go as low as one twenty eight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

On the Pro 13 inches? No way. On the Pro 13 Touch Bar I five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Alright. Hold on. I'm looking at Apple's website right now. You listen to my typing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

128

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

a gig? Are you kidding me?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

Click the buy button.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Are you sure you're not looking at the Escape?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

I might be. Yeah. That's the escape, buddy. That's not a touch Well, it goes $2.56

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

then. Oh, look at that. Alright. Yeah. I can't do that. That ain't happening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

How much is that saving? Let me look at this. I can't be saving you that much. $200,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

I don't know. I feel like $200 is worth it for 256

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

more gig.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

Yeah. So all my numbers are wrong. I was basing the $400

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

upgrade on the one terabyte off of the $5.12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

It goes 200 to get the $5.12, 600 to get the one terabyte,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

1,400

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

to get to two terabyte. That's twice the one terabyte cost. There's no way, there is no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

way that flash storage actually costs that much. Not even close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

Right. The markup is insane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

You go in space gray or you go in silver?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

Probably space gray. I usually go space gray. Silver looks pretty sleek though. It does. That's what I've got for work, which I think is why I'm gonna go space gray in this one so that I can properly distinguish the two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Plus my iPad's space gray, so I want them to match.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:38]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

Your phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

I don't wanna talk about my phone color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

Work

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

only gives out white iPhones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

I I have no idea. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

It's. You're trying to be my father-in-law.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

I don't dude, I I even when when I got my new phone upgrade, I remember sending off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

a support ticket, like, please, for the love of all that is holy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

give me anything but white. I will take rose gold over white. Just don't give me white.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

And of course, I got white. So everybody gets white. I don't know why. They probably get a discount It matches a Salesforce color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

guess. I don't know. It it like, a little bit of me just hurts inside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

I guess that's motivation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

to buy my own phone, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

If you want to. I just would like you to set your outgoing voice mail message

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

I still haven't So I know that I'm calling the right person.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

It it doesn't say the number or anything?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

Yeah. It probably does. But do you know anybody's phone number? Could you tell me your wife's phone number if I ask you? I could. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do it on the app, though, but I but I could.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

Yeah. It took me a long time to memorize it. God forbid she ever changes it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

Touch Bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

Next You have one. I do. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

Talk to me about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

It's mostly worthless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

The Touch ID is the reason why I will get it again. It's that simple. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

you every time you go to unlock your computer, you go to install something, authenticate anything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

You just put your finger on that keyboard and boom, it works. And that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

is pretty freaking awesome. Everything else, as far as I'm concerned, is pretty gimmicky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

Some of it is downright annoying. I do like the emoji picker. I'm not gonna lie about that. I like the emoji picker a lot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

Is there a Bitmoji extension you can buy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

On the Mac? I don't know. Probably not. Yeah. I can't imagine. That would be pretty cool. You are all into the Bitmoji, aren't you? It's because my wife is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

My wife's into that too. I I mean, I have it installed because I think we were doing a presentation at work, and we decided that everybody doing the presentation was gonna show their Bitmoji on a slide.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:57]

Nice. Yeah. The great things about yours and mine is they actually kinda look like us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

You're being generous, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

Mine doesn't look anything like me, but I appreciate that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

Bit Bitmoji doesn't properly compensate for weight gain. That's what I've noticed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

It's like I ate that donut, and it didn't show up on my Bitmoji.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

You just have to adjust it, except there's only, like, four body types or something. Yeah. Exactly. The world is so much more complicated than Bitmoji.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

when are you gonna order, John? How long are we talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

I don't know, man. I thought I was gonna order last week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

Basically, I gotta figure it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

So the question still stands, who's gonna get their MacBook Pro ordered first?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:46]

Probably you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

I will order mine next week, guaranteed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

Next week? So I gotta I gotta get on this. Yeah. If if I mean, it would be be really something like I said, I would have already ordered it had it not been for the fact that I'm taking that trip. But Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:03]

Did I mention that I'm cheap?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

Trying to save for a house. We should talk about that, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:10]

Oh, we will. I'm sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

Well, should we say that for the next episode?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

Sure. Why not? Alright. Well, until next time when we both have MacBook Pros and we can talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

sinking money into a house. I bought one just recently. You're gonna buy one soon. I've bought too many over my time. You hopefully are not going to do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

Because I have all the wisdom that you've learned.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

Something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

Maybe. Yeah. I wouldn't call it wisdom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

Foolishness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

Maybe. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

yeah. Alright, John. Well, next time I talk to you, maybe we'll be on new MacBooks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:51]

Sounds good. See you later, buddy. We'll see you.
