---
title: Life with a Twist of Lime
episode: 128
date: "2021-04-01T14:33:38.000Z"
slug: life-with-a-twist-of-lime/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around Apple's WWDC 2021 developer conference
  announcement via email invite, featuring a meme with an AR glasses focus,
  Craig Federighi, and the M1 chip's impact on Mac computing. John discusses his
  personal goals to spend time learning Swift UI and working on an API project
  for an upcoming app.
keywords:
  - WWDC 2021
  - Apple Developer Conference
  - AR Glasses
  - Craig Federighi
  - M1 Chip
  - Mac Computing
  - Swift UI
  - API Development
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:07]

Binary solo. 0000011

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:12]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:16]

with everybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:17]

trying to tell us what to do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

you wonder how are you to know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

whose word is true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

This is life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

a twist of lime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

Alright, John. This is life with a twist of lime. Here we are recording,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

and this episode will drop on the wonderful holiday, the high feast of April fools.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:46]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:47]

April or 04/01/2021,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:50]

Stan's favorite day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

I'm pretty sure that we just didn't do April fools last year. Right? Like, I I don't think the world did April fools last year. Yeah. I think that's probably true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

Were we were we on hiatus by this point last year? Do you remember? We were,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:05]

I believe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

Okay. So we didn't even get to enjoy the the the high feast of April Fools.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

We're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

recording though on Tuesday, and this is no fools day for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

Correct. This was actually this is a big day. This is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

day 234

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

since

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

El Dorecho.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:25]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:27]

For those of you who listened to raising the roof question mark last week,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:32]

I did not get a new roof on Wednesday

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:34]

or Friday.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:36]

But today, Tuesday, March 30,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:39]

I have a new roof.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:43]

How does it feel, John? It feels like I'm gonna be really happy when I'm not dealing with the tarp blown around in the 30 mile per hour winds all night again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

I I mean, after two hundred and thirty four days though, didn't you get used to it? Like, that's just part of your your rhythm and your rhythm? So many of those days,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:01]

it was covered by snow, so it wasn't blown around real much.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:06]

I am happy that I don't plan on climbing on my roof for

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:10]

the foreseeable future. I mean, it might happen depending on my gutter situation if I don't put some gutter guards on there or don't have somebody professionally put some gutter guards on there this fall.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:21]

But otherwise,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:23]

like,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:24]

I'm good to go. I have no plans to climb on my roof.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

So when you were,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

you know, rewind couple days ago when the wind was rolling through, would you just sit in your house and, like, wonder,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

is is the tarp still there?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:39]

You can usually hear if it came came loose pretty easily

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:43]

because it was like a big sail that flies.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:47]

Okay. Alright. I mean, I because I I'm experienced at knowing all these things by sound now. I was always worried

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:55]

when it was significantly

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:57]

raining where I would often go check to make sure nothing was leaking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:02]

I I guess what I'm I'm just trying to imagine spending two hundred and thirty four days

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

wondering, like, is there is the hole on my roof exposed right now? And I I I guess I get it. Right? Like, you start to learn those sounds. You know what it's like. But Yeah. So the last time, and this would have been about a month ago,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:19]

the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:20]

tarp came undone. Basically, the boards that had the nails through them got blown off because of wind.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:28]

So I put in some

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:30]

decking screws

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:32]

into the boards this last time. And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:35]

so I was pretty safe. Like, the tarp has to significantly

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:39]

rip at that point

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:41]

for it to be an issue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:43]

Now you you went through multiple tarps on this project, didn't you? Correct.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:48]

So three at least,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:52]

but they've been reattached more than that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:55]

Probably close to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:57]

six or seven times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

So what are you gonna do with all your newfound time?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:04]

I've talked about a new design for life with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:08]

I and that seems like that seems like a great idea. I I was thinking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

you know, if you're not buying new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:14]

tarps, you could possibly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

buy yourself some LemonCoin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

This episode is brought to you by LemonCoin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

If you wanted to get started on crypto and NFTs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

boy, do we have the coin for you. This one is what we call Leet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

And this is what you get. One LemonCoin costs 1,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

and will get you absolutely nothing. Act now while supplies last. And I would just like to thank the sponsor of this episode, Lemoncoin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

for being here with us on Life With A Twist of Lime.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:50]

You know, I actually do have some Lemoncoin, and it served me well over these last ten years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

Yeah? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

that's that's something unique you can say about yourself, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

Once

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

again, thanks to Lemoncoid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:05]

is is the project done though, John? No. Nowhere close.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:10]

So I did walk in, and it turns out there was a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:14]

glaring,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:16]

oversight

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:17]

with the replacing of my cracked

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:20]

truss

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

beam. Okay. So you probably should explain this. Right? Because it's not just that it's not just that the particle board and the shingles were damaged Correct. But but the the truss was straight up cracked. Right? Yes. I have one truss that is cracked.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:35]

There was another crust another truss that was, kind of indented from impact and where the particle board

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:41]

opened that appears to be better. It's not reinforced with anything else, so that worries me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

Well, I mean, your your roof's not that heavy, though. Like, I I wouldn't be worried about that weight. Plus, you've got trusses on the other side of it Yep. That are fine. So So the cracked one, though, something definitely needs to happen there. So I have an email and a voice mail into my project manager roofing contact,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:07]

and we'll see where that goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

Now do you know were they gonna replace the truss, or were they just gonna reinforce it on the sides? Like, what was the game plan there? That I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

Because if they had to replace it like that's it's not gonna be good. Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

wonder what I wonder what happened there, like, just failure to communicate, somebody didn't Yeah. I mean, it's definitely, like, the roofing companies, they basically contract out roofing teams.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:35]

So my guess is a lack of communication there. But you'd think when they were placing the particle board above it, they would have seen it and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:43]

stopped.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:44]

But I am not a roofing expert as much experience Is as I now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

there any give to it? Like, we is the crack such that if you lean on it, it will it will bend?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:55]

So it looks like when they were up there today, the crack actually shifted. So, like, the wood's starting to move around, so that doesn't seem good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

Yeah. I I mean, I just I'm wondering, like, if I'm up there and I step on a truss and it starts to give underneath me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

that, like, I'm gonna notice it. So did they not step on it? Like, how did that work? Right. And I could see if you didn't step directly on it and you put down a place in piece particle board. But wouldn't you see it when you took the old particle board off?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

I mean, I I think you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

expect people to be more observant than they are. Got it. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

the other thing is I mean, did you watch those guys today doing your roof?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

They moved fast, didn't they?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:42]

Yeah. I mean, faster than I would have done it. Well, yeah. Yeah. I like, I've always been impressed seeing roofers first of all, that they can do a whole roof in a day in and of itself, right, is is, like impressive. Yeah. So I think they showed up right around eight and then they left around

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:57]

three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

So And how how many guys were on the roof?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:02]

There were quite a few. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:06]

there were probably eight people total.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:09]

I don't know if they were all on the roof. There were some that were dedicated to cleaning up debris and stuff like that, which they did an excellent job with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

Good. I mean, that's that's that's a plus because I could tell you I've never had that happen with contractors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

no. I I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:25]

I don't know, man. I I think when you're moving fast and it's easy to overlook it, and if you don't have clear directions or you don't know what you're looking for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

I mean, like, more than likely, right, the the foreman or the the head of the crew

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

knows what they're doing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

in terms of, like, the actual structure of the roof. But everybody else,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

they're they're doing shingles and particle board and probably not really thinking about any other intricacies. Right. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:52]

They did I think that's they did replace all of the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:56]

front fascia board that the tree branch went through.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:00]

So that's good. So they were doing some carpentry.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:03]

It's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:05]

I wonder if it was a matter of that person who needed to do that didn't know about that part. Right? Like me. Like I don't know. We will figure it out and something will happen.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:16]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:17]

now that is holding me up from basically telling my drywall person that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:23]

we're good to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

So you do have a drywall person secured? I have a quote from a drywall person

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:31]

that will be accepted after my

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:33]

roof is done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

Now do you have to you have to submit all that to insurance still or, like, this So this

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:40]

it only if at this point, I only have to submit something to insurance.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:44]

A, when the work is done, basically, I send them it, and then they release the recovery value portion.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:50]

And b, if there's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:53]

basically an addendum to the work that needs to be done that the contractor finds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

Well, my friend, I I'm rooting for you. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

I'm just glad. Like, I it seems right now, like, it would be near impossible for us to reach the 365

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

day mark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:12]

Right? Like, even if they've gotta go in and rip off that section and replace that beam,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:16]

that you're gonna have a roof. Yeah. At this point, I hope that would be a priority since it was their oversight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

Yeah. Well, here's hoping.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:24]

Here's hoping. So so drywall, you get insulation and then painting. Right? Yeah. So the drywall person is actually gonna do the painting as well. I've got carpet. I've got

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:36]

soffit,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:37]

gutters,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:38]

stuff that needs to be done that this roofing contractor may do as the next phase.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:42]

I've got fence work

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:45]

that can be done anytime now. Oh, and a couple siding repairs. So that's gonna be the big big one because if

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:53]

they can't match the siding,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:55]

that's gonna turn into another big expense and project.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

Now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

I I don't even know if I wanna ask. Will will insurance cover full replacement if they can't match? Yes.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:09]

It's by Iowa by Iowa code.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

That's that's good. I mean, there's a part of me that's kinda hoping that maybe you can't find matching siding.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:18]

Then I can go with a lilac house.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:21]

There you go. I don't think I don't think they make siding in lilac, do they? You you know, you'd be surprised. So do you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

do you have vinyl or aluminum? Do you know what have now? Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

Alright. So it can't be that old either then. Right. Yeah. So Yeah. I bet. I've got a of it getting replaced. Yeah. We will see. It's only on the front side, so I don't know. What direction does the front side of the house face? West.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

Oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

Almost be better if it was a north or south wall, I guess.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:51]

Well Right? My house

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:53]

front door is west.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:55]

Back side is east. So those are the big surface areas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

Yeah. Well, I'm just thinking from, like, a sun standpoint because you're gonna have fading on on pieces, so matching will be matching will be tricky. But Yep.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:06]

Anyways, I gotta tell you, there was, there was one

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:11]

one company that really helped me through these last two hundred and thirty four days.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:15]

Oh, yeah? What's that, John? And that was Hole in One Roofing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:19]

As you know, I'm next to next to a golf course.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:22]

So Hole in One,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:24]

That's kinda what drew me to their name. But basically, they have a special going on right now that if you buy one tarp, you get two months free anxiety.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:33]

Two whole months? Two whole months.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

Well, that's quite a guarantee, John. Have you taken up this this this offer? I I have, but, you know, that was six months ago.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:43]

Okay. Alright. But Hole in One Roofing, thank you for sponsoring this episode of Life With A Twist of Lime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

If if ever I have a tree fall on my house, granted there are no trees in my subdivision,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:55]

I'm gonna call them There are. They're just baby trees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

They're they're itty bitty. Like, they're they're In

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

fifty years. They're gonna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

yeah. They're not gonna damage me. I don't know, man. I like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:07]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

if we could talk about this. So I'm I'm getting ready for laying down fertilizer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

Right? And I'm I'm trying to strategize around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

my rainfall, which is stressing me out to be completely candid with you. I think you worry too much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

Well, you said I need a half an inch. Half an inch for the prodiamine for sure.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:27]

Okay. But that can be over the course of three days.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:30]

Basically,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:31]

it just it's not gonna work until it has provided that vapor barrier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:36]

There's no way that I could possibly predict rainfall for three days. I mean, like, I've got every weather app known to man, and they're the only thing that's consistent is how wrong they are. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

So how like, how do you I don't know, man. How do you do this? You basically have to wait for one rainfall where you're gonna get half an inch.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:54]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:55]

Like It's legit. Just go out there when it starts raining.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

It it doesn't have to be half an inch, Stan. Just I can't imagine some water out actually telling me hold on. Wait. Wait. You're not telling me to try and fertilize while it's raining, are you? Why not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

How in the world is that gonna go over well in the actual, like, fertilizer container?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:15]

Well, you do it when it's just starting to rain. So it's not raining hard yet. Like, you can smell the rain in the air. Get out there. Run real fast. You've got a bigger yard than me. So it takes you more than ten minutes to do the whole thing. One

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

consistent thing with all of your recommendations

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

about lawn care. It's that you underestimate the size of my yard.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:39]

I I don't I gotta move to Indianapolis and take care of it for you. When my house is in a sellable position,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:45]

then we'll be good to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:47]

Wonder if we should start a betting pool. So we're we're two hundred thirty four days since DeRachel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

How long will it take until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

the the sign is put up in the front yard? I'm gonna go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:57]

I think it was 412. Four

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:59]

and four and twelve days after El DeRachel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

I I I don't know, man. I've I've not had the motivation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

to get out and put it down. So I've missed a couple of opportunities for rain. I also I need to build these garden boxes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

as well that I have not done yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

And I gotta get dirt, and I gotta put them in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

and I I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:24]

I don't know. It's once it starts, I'll be all excited about it, you know? But I'm not there. You're not there? Is Lucy excited yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

Oh, she is. Yeah. She's just looking to make money. I I was trying to think about, like, why am I not motivated? And I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

you know, truth be told, I've I've really not been exercising much over the last few months.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

And maybe occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

I'll get on the the elliptical or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

And and I eat whatever I want.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:51]

And I think I think I really just need a new diet to get me focused and strategized in order to get out and do the lawn work. And so,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:59]

I I I'm I'm excited about this. I'm gonna take a look at the Milkshake Madness diet plan, which is very generously offered to sponsor this episode of Life with a Twist of Lime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

Have you heard about this diet plan before, John? I have not. Tell me more. Oh, this is great. This is right up our alley. So as you know, life of the cyst of Lyme is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

affectionado

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:18]

of milkshakes everywhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

And most diet plans like to strategize around the idea of eating less calories. Right? So that Which is awesome. You can get that slim and fit look that you want,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:30]

but not Milkshake Madness diet plan. Oh, no. No. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

Milkshake Madness diet plan does the opposite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

It will try to overwhelm you with calories so that you have to exercise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

If you're feeling like, oh, I don't wanna get on the elliptical today, have a milkshake. Because if you don't feel guilty after that, nothing else is gonna get you on the elliptical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:49]

I'm starting this today and I cannot wait. I'm gonna be swimming in dairy. Thank you very much Milkshake Madness diet plan for sponsoring this episode of Life with a Twist of Lime. Now available in 15 flavors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

Have you been out on the bike yet? I've been out on the bike twice.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:12]

It's been like super windy here recently,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:16]

and that just does not sound fun to me at all. But I think I've got 15 miles in this year's stand, which is 15 more than you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

Well, okay. I I I hate I hate riding in the wind. I really do. It just feels so counterproductive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

Like, it's it's the most discouraging thing because you're moving forward,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

but not at the speed which you think you should be. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

I got my bikes back from the shop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

on Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

actually. And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

Saturday was was great weather, and I should have just gotten out on the bike and ridden. But instead, I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

went to church, did other things, and I did not get it out. And then Sunday, it was stupid cold. It was, like, 42 out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

So I don't even remember what the weather was like tomorrow, I don't or yesterday, rather. I but I don't remember being especially warm.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:05]

I haven't found my sweet spot, John. Well, you have your calendar event starting in May. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

I do. Yeah. So I So I'm gonna We're a month out. I got a little bit of buffer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

I actually did I say about the Streaks app? Yes. You did. You told me. I don't know if you told the podcast though. Yeah. I'm not sure if shared this. So because I think the calendar event thing is gonna change. But but I got new before before you go there, I got new treads on the tire. It's all tuned up. I don't if you remember my my back tire was Threadbear.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:35]

Mine is getting close. So I figured

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:37]

yeah. I figured, you know, bike was in there. I might as well just have them go ahead and do it. I also had them rewrap

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

Sarah's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

handlebars,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

which they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

were they were torn on the edge from a fateful accident by one How many years ago was that now? Four? I don't know. It's like three or four. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:57]

They just so they were they were torn just a little bit. Right? Like, once they start coming undone, then they just keep coming undone and undone. And you put them on the back of the car, the wind hits them, and then they really come undone. So I just went ahead and replaced them. But I think they actually cleaned the bikes while they were there. Like, I was looking at like, these look cleaner than what I dropped off. Nice. So Maybe it was part of their ultra tune up package.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

I I don't know, man. If it's expensive enough, it probably should've been an ultra tune up package. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:25]

I'm happy to support my local bike shop. I'm not I'm not knocking on that. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:30]

no. So I I I've got this goal right of doing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

a bike ride, and I just put in the calendar for May. I even blogged about it. I think I'm gonna change it up a little bit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:43]

and I think I am going to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:47]

use the Streaks app. So Streaks app is one I just recently got,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

and I'm I'm loving it. Have you looked at this at all? I have not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:55]

So there's there's like a ton of different they call them habit apps rather than like task apps because recurrence is the main feature. Right? And like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

Streaks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

I I think is the best of all of these that I've tried, and it's not subscription based, which I think was maybe maybe the thing that that sold me. But I highly recommend this. So I I moved a bunch of stuff that I do every day on the health front, like taking my blood pressure and taking an ECG.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

And the integration with the health app is actually such that when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

my blood pressure cuff

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

sends the data over to my WeThings Health Mate app, which then puts it into Apple Health,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

the Streaks app sees it and actually marks it off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

And and if I if I do that, then it doesn't, send me a reminder, like, hey, gotta go gotta go take care that. And I think I can do this with a bike ride per number of weeks. Like, I can actually learn, like, inwards

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

a number of times per week rather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:49]

So that's what I'm a try and do,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

and see if I can get it going there, and and maybe try it from that angle. Nice.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:56]

Well, you'll have to write a blog post or talk about it once you actually start biking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:01]

Yeah. I'll have work on that. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:04]

Hey. I've been picking up some freelance work

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:07]

this week really. It's really kinda picked up and I don't think that it's any podcast listeners.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:12]

But we we talked about how I was looking for website work last week. But Yeah. But I have a different angle, and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:20]

I decided that I would sponsor

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:22]

this podcast

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:24]

for free

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:26]

with the new Kollmeyer's concoctions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

Oh. So we

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:33]

talk about wands

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:34]

a lot. I'm borderline obsessed.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:37]

There was a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:38]

lawn simulator video game that was announced,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:42]

that I was excited about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

So I I was like I saw this and this is this is like the most nerdy thing that I couldn't get into.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

But but go on, John. Tell me tell me about your side hustle here. So anyways,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:56]

Kohlmeyer's concoctions

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:58]

will now be covering all of your needs from Bermuda grass

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:01]

to tall fescue to cannabis to poppy seed, anything you want. But it's guaranteed to make your grass grow fast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

Wow, John. And and can you order

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

can Kohlmeyer's concoctions by the bag?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:17]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:20]

Bag. Well, I'm just wondering.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

We tried we tried so hard to keep it serious.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:29]

Kohmeyer's concoctions,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:31]

now available at a retailer near you.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:34]

Now available at a retailer near you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

I could just imagine someone going to Home Depot. I want Kohlmeyer's concoctions to make my grass grow fast.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:45]

No. But seriously, I have I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:48]

have picked up some freelance work, so it's kind of exciting. That work is just kinda falling into my lap. It means that I have more skills even though I can't get to the first interview at any of the jobs I've applied for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

Hang in there, buddy. I don't even know what the what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:02]

what the hiring market

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

in your space is like right now, but I'm glad to hear that you're getting getting some some gigs. I guess, if, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:10]

all joking aside,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:12]

if someone wanted to hire you, they could reach you through our website, and they should. Yep. And you you cover all IT needs, really. Yeah. Really. Doing

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:23]

everything remotely now, but if you want consulting on

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:27]

your office network or if you need a new website or CRM

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:31]

integrations,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:32]

marketing automations,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:33]

anything like that, I am happy to help.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

How

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

do you how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

do you feel about email, John? I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:44]

think you like email more than I do because you still get I'm not even sure this is true anymore. You get push notifications on your email, and I turned off all email notifications.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

I I did turn them off to my watch recently, like, altogether. Wow. You had them on your watch too?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:00]

Yeah. I mean, I don't here's the thing is I don't get a ton of email. But but the one of the reasons that I ask this is because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

missus Lemon is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

whatever the opposite of me is, which is like gets a ton of email and has no organization to it. Right? And and so Do you think that missus Lemon and missus Colmire are a lot of like?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:21]

I have no idea. I think they there are lots of similarities because missus Colmire is like this was the email. Missus Colmire also likes hand lettering and art things.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:32]

And Well, know, it's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

and there you go. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

don't know why, John. I cannot explain it, but the amount of email in her inbox,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

it just it bothers me in a really deep way. I I it really hits. Four figures?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

It was when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

when I got involved. Yes. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:56]

So not not the five figure like

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:58]

pastor George Borchardt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

But Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's I I can't even like, at some point, the little bubble on the app becomes wider than the icon. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

it's it's just it's just not not cool. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

lo and behold, right, I I found I offered I said to missus Lemon, like, let me let me tackle this problem. I went through and I unsubscribed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

from everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

I think I did it, John. But this got to me thinking too, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

is is email dying? Like, are we near the death of email?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:31]

So this is the problem with lots of things. It has basically turned into

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:37]

an annoying marketing tactic,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:41]

because the majority of email is now

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:45]

marketing email,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:46]

either from list that somebody bought or a list that you accidentally subscribed to because he didn't uncheck a box

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:53]

or something like that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:55]

So I personally will unsubscribe from email lists

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:59]

about once a week

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:01]

if it Yeah. If it happens.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:04]

But like, missus Kolmeyer will think, oh, this will be a really cool list to sign up for even,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:10]

but then not read it for three years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

Well, and that that was definitely the case with missus Lemon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

you know, with with a bunch of the stuff that she had. Now, I there are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

genuine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

emails, like, marketing emails that I like. So as an example, right, lego.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

has a fantastic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

newsletter that I think only comes once a week. And the amount of times that it has turned into a conversion, right, where I have clicked on a link and bought something,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

it's it's pretty high. Yep. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

like, we're probably talking about in the last year, six or seven sets, and these are all, like, $50 plus sets that I'm probably referring to. Like, I'm I'm a sucker for Legos, and they do a really good job. Now, contrast this though with, like, my wife we never even got HelloFresh, but she was getting HelloFresh emails. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

And they are relentless,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

dude. Like, they it's just constantly coming in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

And I I I think there's a balance, right, in between the, like, rate of delivery.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

And and then he gets this point where, like, missus Lum was just overwhelmed, and so she stopped looking at email altogether. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:15]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:16]

if I get a marketing email from any company

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:21]

that is more than one a day, I'm for sure unsubscribing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:25]

If it's more than, like, two a week, probably unsubscribing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:30]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:32]

I think,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:33]

like, around Black Friday, it definitely is at its worst.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:37]

Oh, yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:38]

So that's when I definitely

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:41]

call all the email list that I'm on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:43]

You know who's you know who's real bad is Joanne Fabrics. Of course, you would know that. Right? No. I don't Yeah. Have I been into one? I might have been into one once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

Oh, come on. Your mom had to have dragged you along at some point as a kid. I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:57]

Does your mom sew? Not really.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

Alright. Well, then maybe not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

I I don't know what the long term solution is here, but I do think that So here's the problem, Stan.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:14]

Everything in marketing that you and I find annoying

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:18]

actually converts.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:20]

So, like, those stupid pop ups that hit you whenever you go to a website,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:25]

they actually work.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:27]

I don't know if it's, like, the generations who are older than us or what.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:31]

But That could be. So we just are you just saying we're the odd ducks out?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:35]

Maybe. I mean, it wouldn't be the first time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

No. Definitely wouldn't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:40]

Well, anyhow, just I wanted to tell you about my mission to clean up missus Lemon's inbox.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

I felt like like you would

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:47]

I don't know, maybe shame me. You haven't shamed me yet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

but maybe that's a service you could offer, John. You could offer email inbox You know, I thought about, like, doing an inbox zero sort of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:59]

hour long course or something like that. Like, how I attack email and how I keep my inbox empty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:06]

You totally should. Is there a platform that you could roll that out on?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:10]

Probably. I could do it in WordPress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

Yeah. You should do that. I think that would be interesting. I mean, we've talked a lot about that. I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:19]

less and less people are inbox zero people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:22]

Messages is another one. Right? Messages zero is probably another

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:26]

Yeah. So I think that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:28]

people our age that are working

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:31]

don't use email a lot for work correspondence anymore.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:35]

It's all in Slack or project management softwares or something like that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

And then that translates into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

coming back home and, like, how much I care about email. Right? Right. Do you remember when email used to be, like, a quick response kind of thing? So you'd have conversations back and forth, like, like instant messages Depends on where you are now, Stan.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:56]

No. I don't think I ever used email like that. I was a big proponent proponent of AIM,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:02]

so I was always instant messaging.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:05]

Now AIM doesn't exist anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

I definitely had moments where I sent emails like, hey, you wanna go grab a drink,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:12]

like, now, you know, that kind of thing. Was this before or after smartphone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

It was probably on the cusp of it. So I here's the thing. I don't know if you remember, but when the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

when the iPhone first came out, right, I had the first iPhone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

text messaging was still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

done in, like, blocks. So you had, like I think I had 200 messages or whatever as part of my plan. And then you charge you 10¢ per message over that or whatever. Right. And it's really easy to go over 200 messages. I mean, good Lord. I probably do that in a day these days

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

with messages. So I didn't I didn't do that. I didn't use that. Now, I also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

the first iPhone, AT and T offered unlimited data

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

as part of their plan. They quickly backpedaled that, and it was it was only the edge network. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

you know, there were, like, a whole bunch of caveats to how this actually played out. But but consequently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

like, email just made sense in that regard. And I think some of that carried over, maybe, from the BlackBerry culture. Yeah. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:11]

Although BlackBerry had its own messaging system too.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:15]

I don't I don't remember ever using email like that. I definitely used to use email more for

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:20]

personal correspondence than I do now.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:24]

Like Yeah. I probably send

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:26]

a personal email

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:29]

maybe three times a year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

less than I would have guessed. I you'd be you'd be proud of me. I sent two actual letters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

in the mail. Now I didn't I didn't handwrite them. I typed them up, but I did sign them by hand. Nice. And I I mailed them Did you use a fountain pen?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:48]

No. I don't have a fountain pen. Missus Lemon truly has a fountain pen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

I have no idea she has a fountain pen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:54]

That's like, I John, I have one kind of pen in my desk, and I use it. That's it. It's black ink. Like, I just yeah. One of those what are they? Pilots?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:05]

Let's see. Alright. It is a Papermate InkJoy gel

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:09]

dot five. Looks nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

Yeah. It's I love how it writes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

I think so. I just don't write much, you know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:17]

It's amazing how quickly my hand cramps when I am writing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:22]

So I'm clearly, like, out of out of practice

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:25]

Yeah. Which is probably sad, but yeah. Do your kids have a handwriting course in their homeschool?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:31]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. They they practice both their Maybe you should

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:35]

script.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:36]

Actually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

when they were first learning cursive,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

they would constantly challenge me to to write in cursive. Yeah. And and I I could do it okay, you know? My handwriting is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:47]

worse than it ever was, and it has never been good.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:51]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

That's I I don't know, man. There's a there's a whole generation of us who stopped writing and probably will never get any skill back in our I could still write a letter in cursive.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:04]

What if Could I read it?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:06]

That's debatable. You probably could. Yeah. You've seen my handwriting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:09]

So here's the thing, though. I I I struggle to read cursive. I can write cursive. I cannot read it. I don't know what it is, but, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:16]

my my in laws will write things in cursive, and I have to have my wife translate for me. My mother, if she writes something in cursive, I have to have her translate it for me. I've seen my mother's handwriting my whole life. No. Like, I I just I don't know what it is. My my brain can't process it. Probably too much Greek.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:33]

Who knows man? Who knows?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

alright John, I feel like as far as an episode goes, we've covered a lot of topics. Do you wanna cover one more Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

I do. I wanna cover one more Do you wanna cover two more Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

Why?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:49]

What's what's the second one? So I I sent a message about this to you and my father-in-law, Mark Buto, today.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:55]

It was the WWDC

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:57]

initial invitation.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:58]

Did you see this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

I I saw that they announced it today, but I actually didn't see the invite. Do you what's what's on it? So there's a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:08]

Memoji

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:10]

or what are they called in Apple verse? I don't know. Yeah. Memoji. Memoji. Oh, look at that. So it's based off of some meme apparently. I haven't seen the meme.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:19]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:20]

they're basically you see their face. They're looking at a laptop screen that you can't see and reflected in glasses that they're wearing. You see the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:29]

June 7 calendar.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:31]

You see Xcode in there and a couple other things.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:36]

In the invite,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:37]

there's also

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:38]

the Momoji is wearing a hearing aid,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:41]

which I thought was interesting. But if you actually go to the website, it's a different one who's just have the glasses and she has long hair, so her ears are covered.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:50]

Okay. I I have so many questions. I know. Is this because I'm looking at this on the verge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:56]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

Are are these is this a reflection of what's on the laptop or are these I know. Apple glasses? So I think it's definitely hinting at Apple glasses,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:07]

but it's also it looks like a dock.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:12]

So it looks like What do you mean a dock? Like the dock on Mac OS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:17]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. I could see that. So Oh my gosh. You've got the June 7

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:24]

calendar with 21

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:27]

notifications

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:28]

for 2021.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:29]

Click terminals in there,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:32]

app store,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:33]

x code. Oh, no. I guess that's just x code twice. I can't tell what's on the far left.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:41]

But I can't either. It's too small.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:44]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:45]

my first thought was

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:47]

they're going to preview

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:49]

these Apple Glasses finally after years of rumors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

I I mean, do you really think we're ready for that though? I I like this feels like it's still a huge leap So I I don't think that that will be an announcing of the product

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:02]

anytime soon. I think it's to get developers starting to develop things for them.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:07]

Because this is the developer conference.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:10]

Now, normally, when Apple announces something like that for development, though, they do have a way of getting test hardware Mhmm. Which is I think the thing that I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:18]

I'd be curious about. Right? Like, then that would mean that they've got something that they can put into people's hands, and that's a that's a big deal. Like, that is a really big deal. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:27]

So I thought that was interesting.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:30]

The Verge doesn't have the actual email invite, do they?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:33]

I don't think so. I've I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:36]

to be completely honest with you, as we're recording this,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:39]

my,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:41]

computer is freaking out because I accidentally opened the developer app. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:46]

there's a there's a very bad bug in the developer app apparently.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:51]

Who knows what So let's see if I can With the cause screenshot this.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:55]

And there's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:57]

like a pretty prominent

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:00]

hearing aid

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:01]

looking at it. So I don't know if there's gonna be a focus. Did you get the email? I did get the email.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

Gosh. I wonder why I didn't get the email. Maybe because I unsubscribed from everything.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:10]

You even unsubscribed from Apple?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:12]

I unsubscribed from everything.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:16]

So this is the that's the one that came

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:19]

in the email invite, but then it's still that glow and behold

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:22]

is the title there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

Oh, man. This is interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:30]

Do you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:31]

gosh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:32]

Yeah. What is that app on the far side, John? Yeah. I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:39]

Well, I gotta say Apple is always a tease with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:42]

these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:44]

yeah. You're right. This is absolutely a reflection of the doc. That's definitely what it is. Apple's always a tease with these.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:50]

I I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:52]

if they show AR glasses, I will be blown away. One, because I think so here here's a hypothesis. If Apple's gonna make that kind of a big reveal,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:00]

don't you think they would wanna do it at a worldwide developer conference in person?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:07]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:08]

The world has changed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

It has. I guess that that begs the question,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:14]

are we going to ever go back to an in person worldwide developer conference? The last year seemed to go really well. Yeah. I mean it was polished.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:23]

So like this is based off of some meme that I've never seen before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

But Oh. With Craig Federighi. Oh, that's so funny.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:34]

Gosh. He's such a funny character. Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:37]

I thought that we should talk about that and cover it even though most people probably don't get the email. But No. They probably don't. And you you caught me a little off guard because to be honest with you, I have not caught up on anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:48]

from from the day to day. We we I went from work to recording,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:53]

and and so that I know that WWDC was announced, but I don't know anything beyond that. So eventually, I'll catch up, and we can talk a little bit more about that. I have a goal to write some more Swift UI code before WWDC

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:05]

this year. I'm actually thinking about taking some time off work to be able to focus on WWDC.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

This is like a personal hobby thing, because I am I'm so into this ecosystem Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:16]

And wants to to spend some time, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:19]

you know, focus on the developer side of it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:23]

And tap into the m one power?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:26]

Oh my gosh. Well, it's you know, we haven't talked about it in a bit, but the m everything about the m one has made computing on the Mac exciting to me again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

And I haven't even spent that much time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

compiling code in Xcode, but it is so stinking fast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:42]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:43]

I I'm I'm looking forward. I've been actually working on a project.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:46]

Maybe we'll talk about it at some point, but I've been working on an API

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:49]

for an app that I wanna build,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:51]

and that's around the corner, but I'm I'm I'm gearing up for it. I've actually been working on the API

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:56]

probably every couple days just slowly slowly,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:59]

you know, line by line. I have not kept up with my

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:02]

coding New Year's resolution this year, so I should probably get back into that at some point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:07]

You should download the Streaks app and put it into that. Yeah. Here you go. I wonder, if you understand, I should look and see if on shortcuts, you can you can automate marking off streaks from, GitHub or something. There you It'd be pretty cool. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:20]

well, you know, John, I this this joy that we have in all of these things Apple is is not for everybody. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:28]

And we're we're very happy to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:31]

be sponsored this week by Android Care Plus. Now you you probably heard of Apple Care Plus. This is kinda like that, except it's basically a therapy group for Android users, coping with the fact that they made the wrong choice. So if you've made that wrong choice and you know it, but you don't wanna admit to it, there is a group for you. You can think of it like a meet up, a user's group, or just group therapy. Whatever you wanna call it. Android care plus will help you get out of your Android blues and back on track.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

Thank you to Android care plus.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:04]

So if if you are

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:07]

kinda

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:08]

waving back and forth on if this is right for you, you should go back a couple episodes and listen to confessions

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:14]

of a former Android user

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:17]

with Daniel Sanchez. Daniel Sanchez

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:20]

benefited greatly

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:22]

from Android care plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:24]

Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yes. He has. So I John, I feel like that's as good of an episode as we're gonna get on the high feast of April fools. What do you think? I think that's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:33]

one the one for the books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:36]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:37]

Special thanks to all of our sponsors on Life With a Twist of Lime. LemonCoin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:43]

where you can get an NFT that means absolutely nothing. Cole Meyer's Concoctions,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:49]

covering all your needs from Bermuda grass to cannabis, guaranteed to make your grass grow fast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:55]

The Milkshire Madness diet plan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:57]

where most diet where where most diets try to cut your calories, this one will overwhelm you with them. Hole in one roofing, buy one tarp, get two months free anxiety.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:07]

All you gotta do is use promo code lime. And last but certainly not least, Android Care Plus for all of those friends of ours who are lost in their Android ways.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:23]

Wash your hands, wear a mask, and go get your vaccine.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:27]

The distant future.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:31]

The year February.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:34]

The distant future. The year February.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:38]

The distant future. The distant future.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:41]

I wonder if people will find that nearly as amusing as we did. Oh, I'm sure they will. I think it was funny. I hope so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:48]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:49]

So did you did you watch any Falcon and the Winter Soldier? I did on Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:54]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:56]

I think this is a better episode. What do you think? I absolutely agree.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:00]

The thing is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:02]

they kept about ninety seconds of episode one

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:06]

that they did anything with. Which ninety seconds do you think they kept? So Sam gives up the shield.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:14]

Yes. And you and you get you get US agent. Right? US agent and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:20]

winter soldiers in therapy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:23]

Right? Which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:25]

I don't know. Like, are you are you sold on the winter soldier in therapy bit or or not? I think it's hilarious. I think he thinks it's hilarious too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:32]

Okay. Alright. I'm glad to hear this, because I loved it. I was laughing so hard through this part. I was talking with with friend of the show, Joe Taylor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:39]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:40]

he

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:42]

is just not sold by any of this, didn't find it funny at at all. And and I I keep going back to that scene in Civil War, where I think that this movie was birthed, right, when they're in the car.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:54]

You know what talking about? Yeah. Like, can you move up the seat? Right. No. That like, that like, I felt like the therapy scene was a continuation of that like, it really, you know, drew out that dynamic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:04]

Now So I think Winter Soldier

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:06]

has a dry sense of humor like I do, which is fitting for a guy who's a 103 years old.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:12]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think that Joe Taylor is more of a in your face humorous kind of type.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:18]

That's interesting. I wonder what mister Taylor will think about it when he hears that. Now, out of curiosity, did you catch speaking of dry sense of humor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:25]

did you get the Tolkien joke? I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:30]

Oh, my gosh. When they're talking about the big three androids, aliens, and wizards? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And and so at some point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:40]

Falcon says something like, well, you know, don't you know about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:43]

about wizards and and, like, that kind of stuff? And and I think it's Winter Soldier shoots back. Yeah. I I I read Right. Right. Right. Lord of the Rings when it came out in 1937.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:53]

It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:55]

I I love that. I love that kind of humor. I love how it slays through. It's subtle. It's it's Yeah. Mean, I was not sold.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:02]

I I don't know that I would say I'm sold on the show yet. But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:06]

when

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:07]

Sam and Bucky first meet up and their banter back and forth,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:11]

that was

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:12]

extremely enjoyable to watch. Yes. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:16]

Alright. There there are couple of other things going on this episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:19]

US agent interacts with these two jokers. Yep. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:23]

they are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:24]

I mean, they're kinda punks to be quite candid right out the gate towards US agent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:30]

I having now seen US agent without the mask on. Right? Because on IMDb, he's got a huge beard, so I I had no idea what he looked like without the mask.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:39]

I think he is maybe a better fit of the comic US Agent than I asserted last week. Wow. I see. He had, like, five seconds of screen time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:47]

Yeah. So But, like, I don't know, man. He still looked like the guy from Up under Captain America's mask. Like, he it's not a quite frankly, the mask on him, not a great look. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:58]

This guy has no superpowers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:00]

Right? He's just wicked awesome

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:03]

as a soldier, apparently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:06]

I don't know that I believe that he will stay without powers for the remainder of this show. It would not surprise me if they find super serum somewhere

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:15]

and inject them with it, because we know that something's out there. We we actually get a couple of different,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:22]

like, glimpses into that. One is the bad guys. Yep. Right? Did you notice the head the head bad lady, I don't even know what her name is,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:30]

with with the freckles? Right. Did did she look familiar to you? She did. I don't know if I ever looked up what she's from.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:38]

Okay. In solo, do you remember when they're on the planet at the very end,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:42]

and there are those those masked folk that are native to where they're dropping off the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:48]

I can't remember what it is now. The the explosive Daniel Sanchez is yelling right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:53]

The the explosive mind substance that they got. Right? Right. And she pulls off her mask, that's the actress. It's the same one. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:01]

Yeah. You have to go back and watch, because that fight scene is wicked awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:04]

And and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:06]

seeing her in this show in the fight scene that that she just, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:10]

completely commands

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:12]

reminded me of that. Like, I was like, oh, that's yeah. Put two and two together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:18]

But all all these characters all these bad characters seem to be juiced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:21]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:23]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:24]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:25]

the other thing that we get introduced to is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:28]

is it Isaiah Bradley? Am I remembering the name right? Yeah. I think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:32]

Who and his son Yep. Who his son is a big deal too. Right? Basically, we have this, like, experimentation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:41]

of Captain America super serum on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:45]

a black soldier. There's gonna be a whole race element here. I'm I'm really curious to see, like, exactly how they explored it. Whole bunch of, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:53]

potential

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:54]

parallels to, like, the Tuskegee Airmen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:57]

and and some of the, like, just awful things that that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:01]

the government has done with with black soldiers over history. I'm I'm curious, like, how much are they gonna scratch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:06]

on the surface of that? They've only got six episodes, so that I can't imagine they go too deep. Right. But his nephew

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:13]

is actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:15]

the character who rallies the Young Avengers together. Really?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:19]

So lots of hints to this Young Avengers stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:22]

I I don't see any world in which we don't get the Young Avengers, and I think we're getting some early casting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:28]

here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:29]

and this could start to all tie together. So I'm I'm excited. I think this is this is cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:35]

What what I'm realizing is this show

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:38]

you know, episode two, one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:41]

of the things that it does is it expands this,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:45]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:46]

origin of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:48]

the super serum and its its history even further than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:52]

we knew it to be. Right? So originally, was just Captain America,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:57]

and it turned out to be Bucky,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:58]

and now we got Isaiah,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:00]

and we also have these other bad guys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:02]

And, like, how far out is it going to go?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:05]

Right? Are they are they going to be able to actually leverage the super serum?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:09]

And then it makes you think, like, about the Hulk because there's that whole, you know, Captain America related line.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:16]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:18]

Yeah. It's interesting.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:20]

Some notable things

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:22]

that we did not get any additional information on in this episode

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:27]

was

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:29]

what's going on in Louisiana with the shrimp boat, and I'm not sure that I care. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:34]

don't know, man. I I want I want the shrimp boat to stay in the family, don't you?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:39]

I don't know that I care that much. I know that these days you're supposed to care about everything really, really deeply.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:45]

I just don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:47]

Well, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:48]

it it does beg the question, like, was it actually substantive to the story? And I have to think if you get six hours and you're doing an edit job on this, you don't leave that in unless it matters.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:58]

Right? Yep. And then really was Bucky's personal line with what

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:04]

did he have a name? The old Chinese guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:07]

I don't know if they said Is that this episode? No. That was last episode. But this episode, they didn't they didn't touch on it at all. Oh, right. Right. Well, they didn't and they actually didn't even touch on his book Right. At all. He did have a name, and I can't remember what it was because I think it was it was the only time he said it was in the alleyway scene. Was, like, real quick and basking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:24]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:25]

yeah, the whole book, like, is not relevant in this episode one bit Right. Which is weird, you know?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:30]

Yeah. So this is this is now a theme

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:34]

in

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:35]

the Marvel Disney plus TV shows. Right? It's this continuity between episodes

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:41]

has kinda shown itself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:45]

I and I I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:47]

just would love to know how they write these things. Do they write it as one big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:51]

story and then slice it up, or do they try to write six stories,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:56]

you know, that that kinda fit in a holistic arc? And I I I don't know. I don't know the answer there. I would love to know. I think this is hard though for the kind of storytelling that they wanna do. The other thing is specifically in Falcon and Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:10]

I still think they're using it as a sandbox

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:13]

for action scene cinematography.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:16]

And you see that in the truck sequence at the beginning.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:20]

Yeah. And so it's not as polished as you would get in a blockbuster film,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:26]

but they're definitely experimenting

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:27]

with things that are kinda new.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:30]

You saw it with

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:32]

basically,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:33]

Falcon's flight scene that took forever in the first episode, and then the truck scene specifically in the second episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:39]

Yep. Very differently done, and and I'm sure there's a lot of CGI, but, like, how do you do this at the scale?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:46]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:46]

didn't care for either of those scenes. No. They definitely aren't polished.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:51]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:52]

They they were just I they're too long. It's just interesting

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:55]

to me because you go look at Marvel films,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:59]

even the early ones,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:01]

and,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:02]

like, they're great. And I don't know if it's because there's more money in them or what.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:07]

It could be. Although, I do you remember the first time I watched the original Avengers, I did not like You didn't like the original Avengers for, like, two years after it came out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:17]

Yeah. Well, and and one of the reasons was I felt like there was not enough character development. There was a ton of fight scenes. Yeah. However, they were very well done

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:24]

fight scenes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:25]

And and for better or for worse, they set a bar there. Right? And so this, you know gosh. How old is that movie now? A decade and change?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:33]

Is I'll just look up the release. That. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:37]

You know, they they're gonna be carrying that baggage with them as they continue to make even these shows because the production quality

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:44]

on these things is pretty darn high.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:48]

It did not come up out until

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:51]

that's not right.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:53]

Why does that say Avengers? 08/14/2020.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:57]

Google wide to me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:59]

Oh my gosh, John. Amateur hour over here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:02]

Let's let's see what Avengers 2012.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:04]

There you go. 2012. So not quite a decade. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:07]

Not quite a decade. But, you know, again, like, you've got a decade's worth basically, a decade's worth of movies that happened since then, and that's that's still the standard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:16]

It's it's just like it's a great action movie. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:20]

last thing before we wrap up Falcon and the Winter Soldier here. I don't know. Did you have anything else? I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:25]

Okay. Alright. Last thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:28]

Baron Zemo at the end.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:30]

Right? This this was the intro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:32]

and all we get is a, like, a a shot of what I I think is him in a prison of some sort. I don't even know that I wanted to be the, like, containment unit that we last saw him in, but it's probably not. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:45]

Too much And Bucky

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:49]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:50]

Falcon are gonna go and talk to him to try and learn

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:54]

about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:55]

I I guess, like, super serum experiments and where else this stuff might exist,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:00]

which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:01]

I I gotta think he either breaks out or they break him out. And I'm kinda hoping for the latter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:06]

Right? He's he's the arch enemy of these guys in the comics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:10]

But in the in the Falcon and Winter Soldier, there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:14]

comic line that came out in 2020. There's almost like a little bit of collaboration that happens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

I think that could be an interesting dynamic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:21]

to play all of them off each other.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:25]

Indeed. I need to go back and watch through all of MCU.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:29]

But first, I need to figure out the list that would be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:33]

the best to watch all the way through.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:36]

Well, you don't wanna watch all of them? I will watch them, but I I don't know what order anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:42]

Oh, I mean, I think for the most part, if you do release order, you're in good shape. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:48]

Yeah. There there are a few exceptions I think you could move around. Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:53]

Captain America and Captain Marvel are are two that you could move up. Right? And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:58]

Captain America, obviously, because of the chronological element.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:02]

Captain Marvel, really, honestly, the the same thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:05]

But other than that, quite frankly, think you just write them in release order, you're probably good to go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:11]

So now that there's a couple you cut out if you really want, but that's another episode I've only seen once, so it might be okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:19]

Thor Dark World, do you really need it? Do you really need it?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:23]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:24]

Probably more so than

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:26]

Ant Man and the Wasp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:28]

Oh, such a terrible movie. Or Guardians two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:31]

Yeah. Although,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:33]

the first thirty to forty minutes of Guardians two is fantastic, and it's just absolutely hilarious. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:40]

I and I I won't I won't even lie because it's the after credits, nobody's gonna listen this far. Right? I have watched that movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:47]

Have watched that movie multiple times from start to about thirty five minutes and then just just ended it. Yeah. There's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:54]

interestingly, in the end of that that movie, there's a post credit scene that has not been fulfilled yet in the MCU

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:00]

that I'm really curious

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:02]

to see how it shakes out. It's it's the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:05]

revealing of ad Adam Adam. I see. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:09]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:10]

Until next time, Stan. Until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:13]

next time, my friend. See you.
