---
title: Roof Update and Christmas Plans
episode: 114
date: 2020-12-24T14:29:33.000Z
slug: roof-update-and-christmas-plans/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of "Life With A Twisted Lemon", John and Stan discuss their
  holiday plans, including a slow cooker chipotle steak quesadilla dinner on
  Christmas Eve and a Brandy Alexander drink on Christmas Day. They also reflect
  on the challenges of getting gifts ordered and delivered on time, particularly
  with the pandemic's impact on shipping. The conversation ends with thoughts on
  New Year's resolutions and how to hold each other accountable.
keywords:
  - holiday planning
  - COVID nineteen
  - eggnog
  - Luminati's pizza
  - New Year's resolutions
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So a couple years back, we raised money for a good cause and sent podcast stickers out. We met our goal that year, but we still have a bunch of stickers left. We decided we can't refresh our logo until we unload these, and we want your help. 2020 has been a year like no other. John and I are very fortunate this Christmas, but we know that many aren't. Many folks are struggling to put food on the table, and we wanna encourage you, our dear listener, to consider helping them out by making a donation to your local food pantry. If you don't know where that is, we suggest you check out feedingamerica.org,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

a network of food pantries across the country. Personally, this year, I'll be giving to Gleaners, the local branch of Feeding America here in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

And I'm giving to Olivet Neighborhood Mission here in Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

Look, we don't need to know how much you gave, but if you shoot us a tweet or an email,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

Instagram, whatever, just let us know you supported your local food pantry. We'll send you one of our podcast stickers as a token of our appreciation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

This Christmas, help your community and those in need. Thank you for listening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Alright, John. I feel like I'm still exhausted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

after that last episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:29]

Yeah. That was long. The longest episode in history.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

It for for us, it has. Yeah. There's there's no doubt about that. Do you wanna switch to a long form podcast format now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

No. I I don't think so. No? I I mean, it was look. I I listened to the whole thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

I think it was good content. I think we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

provided two hours of meaningful conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

I'm okay if we don't do that again though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

Fair enough. I did try to cut us off at the one hour mark. Let the record show up. Yeah. But there was there was still so much on the list to to cover. I know. Were gonna split it into a second episode. We would have a Marvel episode and then everything else Disney episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

I I no. No. I still looking back reflecting on the fact that that was one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

investor call.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

And and then, to my amazement, The Mandalorian wrapped up, and there was an announcement. I won't I'm not this is not gonna be a spoiler thing. I'm not gonna spoil this. But if you watched the last episode of Mandalorian and you do not wait till the end, like like, you have to you have to go all the way through the credits,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

there is a teaser there at the end, which was not part of the investor call, and I'm still just blown away by. But Yep. But we'll talk we'll talk about that in a different episode because we gotta give everybody a chance to catch up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:45]

Christmas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

week, Stan. My condolences on your football team yesterday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

Monday. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

It was it was rough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

Don't know Hey. The Bengals have three wins this season, though. Yeah. They do. They do. And one of them one of them against my is is against my Pittsburgh Steelers. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

you know, this this time of year, right, there's less to do, and football for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

becomes even more important. Right? This is how I unwind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

mentally, emotionally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

That sounds like a terrible way to unwind. You're always stressed when you're watching football. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

it's but it's a good like, look, not all stress is bad. Some stress is good. I firmly believe that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

I just genuinely enjoy sitting around with the family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

I'd last night was a Monday night game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

Monday night games start around 08:20. And if you're lucky,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

they're done by 11:15

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

ish. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

So my kids, of course, you know, they they can play me. They they they know my weaknesses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

Asked if they could stay up for the whole game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

I drew a line in the sand. I said, hey. Look. If you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

you can stay up for the first half, guaranteed. Like, I'll I'll sign that in ink right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

The second half is dependent upon you behaving well and actually paying attention to the game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

Well, lo and behold, John, all three of those little boogers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

paid attention to the game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

they all surrendered at different moments.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

Do you have any guess who went first?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

I'm gonna go with Lucy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

She willingly got up, shortly after the start of the fourth quarter and went to bed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

And then next?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

So I wanna say Evelyn, but everything in my body is screaming against that because I know Evelyn's willpower is insane.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

and and you are correct. Henry bailed first, and then Evelyn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

Evelyn was the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

last Did fall asleep on the couch? No. No. This is this is amazing. So the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

game was winding down. There were, like, twelve seconds on the clock. Like, the Steelers had lost. It was just victory formation time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

And I told her, I said, you can go to bed now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

And she's like, no. There's still time on the clock, and I get to see the whole game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

And I explained to her, like, literally, the the game has been lost. There's nothing nothing that happened. And so she went upstairs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

and, and finally went to bed. But, yeah, she outlasted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

all of the others.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

It's the youngest, man. The youngest person covered. She well, that that's definitely true. She paid attention to the whole game, though. That's what blew my mind. And she she's picking up on it. Like, she knows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

she knows the game very well. She's learning the rules, even the the crazy ones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

You know? I I mean So she knows more about football than I do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

There's no doubt in my mind that all three of my kids know more about football than you do. Hey. I used to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

run work the chain gang for high school football games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Really? I had no idea. Yeah, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

What did you do while waiting to run from place to place?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

Well, every time the ball moves,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

like, you gotta move and mark the ball.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

But but, I mean, did you actually pay attention to the game? Like, did you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

I watched the game. Yes. I was made sure that I wasn't gonna get run into or a ball thrown at me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

Okay. I I did not know about this about you, John. I'm I'm impressed. So is this It was always JV games. So, you know, JV football games in high school, not the greatest football ever played. Yeah. At a at a Lutheran high school at that. Through nice. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

Well, that might explain why you don't like football then. Maybe. That and growing up in Packer nation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

Yeah. They're they're a little intense out there. Yeah. Just as intense as you, but you're the only Steelers fan in your neighborhood maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Oh, no. No. No. There there are others. There are others. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

Because on on game days, we go for a walk before the game and we're all decked out in our Steelers gear, so people Yeah. People will holler out and and, you know, say hello. You gotta get one of those big giant flags and have Henry run-in front of everybody with the big flag.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

I I could do that. I have flags for the car. There you go. They attach to the, to the windows on the sides. Yeah. You're supposed to have reindeer antlers there this time of year. No. No? Don't do that. Don't do that. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

the Steelers flags.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

But but enough about football, John. I was actually wanting to know what's up with your roof, man. We haven't had a roof update in a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

Yeah. I don't even remember where we left off, but a lot has happened here in the last two weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

So I I think where we left off was we had reached the hundred day mark. There was still a hole in your roof. Yep. No progress was happening. I think insurance and contractors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

were still being difficult, and and, really, I think you were just preparing for a long winter and, hoping that your tarping held up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

So I think we had moved on to roofer number three by that point. I am happy to report that we are still with roofer number three. They submitted an itemized estimate just as insurance wanted it, and insurance ordered

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

second

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:46]

adjuster to come out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

Okay. Now the first adjuster that came out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

we'll just say as kindly as we can. He was a bit of a dunce. He

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

didn't see,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:57]

like, obvious damage across the house. Right? Correct. So the rumor is and I don't know if there's any truth to this or not at this first round. So, like, State Farm outsources all this stuff to some disaster

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

claims specialist company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:10]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

the rumor is that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

they were offering bonuses based on amount of money saved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

Well, somebody got a big bonus for, for your house, didn't they? I guess so, man. So adjuster number two comes out. I mean, first, he calls, and he's booked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

two and a half weeks out, which is insane considering we're now a hundred twenty days at post storm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

or something like that. So he is still here in Cedar Rapids from Ohio

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

that long, and he's booked as far as adjuster appointments for two and a half weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

He comes out on Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

and this guy is awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

So he pulls in. He just looks at the tarp on the roof and said, yeah. We're gonna total that whole roof

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

without even climbing up there or anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:02]

Comes inside, takes a look at the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

guest bedroom that's pretty much gutted, takes some measurements, sees the busted truss now. The truss is actually cracked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:14]

since the original adjuster came out. Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

he actually get into the attic then, or did he just peek up through the hole in the roof? He looked through the hole. Okay. Mean, it's a sizable hole.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

Sure. But made adjustments there. So, like, the whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:30]

roof or the whole ceiling in that room is now covered as far as the drywall goes instead of a patch job,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:36]

things like that. What blows my mind

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

is there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

was a ceiling fan in there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

ceiling fan light combo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

And like just the r and r ceiling fan light combo,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

they give you, like, $400

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

to replace.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

And that thing that was actually in there that the parts are still on there for, probably, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

5 tops.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

It's a very cheap ceiling fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

My guess they probably don't break this out for you, but my guess is that they're figuring a 100, a $150 for the fixture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

and then an hour of probably an electrician's time, which is the rest of it. Yeah. I will be putting that up. Yeah. I I mean, I I figured. But that's how they're that's how they're gonna do it. And and I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

you know, most people probably are not gonna mess with having,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

or or doing it themselves. Right? Like, that's just people people get wigged out by electrical work. You know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

that it's really hard to kill yourself installing a Fixing. Ceiling fan. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:41]

Okay. So that was the inside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

What about the garage? You also had the fence. Like, there was a whole bunch of other stuff going on. Right? We went out. I mean, he was here

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:52]

probably just over half an hour.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

So I walked around the house with him. He found siding damage that wasn't covered initially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

The garage roof, got up on and was taking a look at that. On the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

I guess that's the south side. There was definitely impact damage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

On the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

north side,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

there wasn't any visible impact damage except on the gutter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

So that was kind of the iffy part when he left. But when the estimate came back, which he had to get cleared by a supervisor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

The entire roof was replaced. All the gutters, soffits, fascia,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

all of that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

repair job on the siding. So I gotta find somebody who does siding. This roofer might actually do it, but that hasn't been quoted yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:41]

And the fence,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

initially, the first adjuster

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

wrote up, okay. Replaced seven

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

pickets or whatever. He counted up the pickets that were damaged. I pointed out, well, there's an actual beam here that's broken. The post saw seemed to look okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

So he

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:01]

did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

I can't remember how many feet of fence. I don't know how big my fence is, but it's at least the one major side of the fence,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

to replace all the panels there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

Now do you have snow on the ground right now? I have a little bit of snow on the ground now. We got probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:20]

four or five inches

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

a week ago Saturday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

and then it was cold for a week, so it stuck around. And then it was warm yesterday, so it started to melt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

So so the reality is, at least at this point, probably none of this repair work is gonna be done anytime soon. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

Yeah. So roofer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

said it was great news. Looked like they were doing total roof replacement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

dropped off shingle samples,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

basically gave him our top three single selections

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

and said,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

whichever one is easiest to find, go with that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

But, yeah, he said Very practical of you. It could, be it could be spring before they can actually get out here because of the weather and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:07]

now having to replace a truss beam, at least one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

and doing all the roof. And there's there's still snow up on the roof, but it melted enough where I climbed up there yesterday to reattach a corner of the tarp that blew off with the wind. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

So at at this point, he's gonna do the work on the truss as well? Like, you don't need a separate contractor for that? Yeah. So this guy is a project adviser. I think they probably subcontract out all the work anyway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:34]

Okay. So they probably have they have carpenters and roofers and stuff in their list. So if you had just gotten this this second adjuster the first time, you would probably have you all of your repairs done at this point, I would think. Yeah. So the only thing question there would be, like, finding a drywall person because I don't think they're in huge supply here in Cedar Rapids,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

and contractors are relatively,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

backed up anyway. But yeah. If I would've gotten this person initially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

the roof would be done for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

I mean, I don't know. Like, maybe I shouldn't ask this, but are you you can't possibly be happy with State Farm at this point. I am not. I am happy with the second adjuster.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

I'm not a big fan of my current claims representative either. I liked my first one, then they changed on me with no notice or anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:31]

like, the second adjuster's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

estimate came back five times higher

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

than the first one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

Yeah. That that discrepancy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

unreal. Right? Like, I mean, clearly, on one side of the equation, somebody was grossly wrong, and I think what we're what we're hearing, right, is is that I mean first one. A giant

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

ash tree

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

fell on my roof. It was covering over half of the roof. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

It it wasn't gonna be a cheap repair. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

in the spring, you'll get all the repairs done. And then if if you're lucky, the cost of your insurance will not skyrocket.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

I hope everything remains dry. And then there's a, like, a bunch of stuff that is included in the estimate that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

I pretty much just pocket the cash.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

So, like, food loss,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

they paid me professional rates for tarping the roof twice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:29]

to cover supplies of my time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

This is a good opportunity for you on that food loss stuff to finally go get a deep freezer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:42]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

I I'm glad to hear that you're you're making progress on there. I'm sure everybody who's, who's been wondering. I I have at least one or two people that text me periodically to find out the latest and greatest on John Kolmeyer's roof and and whether or not,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:58]

there's been any progress. So There are still holes in the roof, but I believe everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

is moving along as quickly as possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Bottom line, I think this second adjuster is probably the best Christmas present you could have gotten. Oh, absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

Speaking of Christmas, you know, we're we're hot on the heels of Christmas day. This will come out, I guess, probably Christmas Eve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

What I mean, it's it's a weird year. Are you doing anything? Is your tree up? Like, what's what's going on in the No. So we didn't put the tree up. That got delayed because missus Kolmeier wanted to be around,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

just to make sure the dog was trained correctly as the tree was going up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

So that may go up on Wednesday. We will see. I'll report back next week if I have a tree up or not for the twelve days of Christmas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

We are signed up to go to our lessons and carol service on Christmas Eve.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:54]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:56]

yeah, that's kinda it. Right now, I'm thinking about smoking something on Christmas day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

And we've already given each other our Christmas gifts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

So you don't even have any, like, presents to put under the tree at this point then? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

Oh, man. Alright. Now, what do you what do you think about smoking in Christmas day?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

So we have a chicken currently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

So that is thawing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

and that's possible. So I might just do a chicken, maybe make some good sage stuffing to go with it because I missed out on Thanksgiving stuffing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

So that sounds good to me. Christmas Eve, we'll probably put together a charcuterie board of sorts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:36]

and enjoy that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

Do you have charcuterie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

like, on reserve, or will you go out and and buy charcuterie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

specifically for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

Christmas Eve? We will go buy it specifically for Christmas Eve. Okay. So I I gotta ask, like, how many types of sausage are we talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

So it's just the two of us. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:56]

probably not gonna go crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

Alright. Well, in in my opinion, and, you know, you take it or leave it, you need at least two kinds of sausage and at least three kinds of cheese. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

How do you feel about, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

other cured hams and stuff like that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

I'm I'm not a ham guy. So Not even, like, Capacola?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

Yeah. Yeah. Like, I don't don't get me wrong. Right? Like, I love Capacola on a sub sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

I when it comes to the charcuterie board, I'm all about the sausages. Right? I'm all about those those cured meats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

and, you know, I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

I'm a sucker for salami. Right? If you could inject salami into my beans, I would take it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

Yeah. Gouda would be good. You know, you you need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

you need like a softer sweeter cheese. You need, one that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

kinda sharp, and then you need something that is drier and and almost, like, punchy. Right? And so if you get get those three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

you'll have a you'll have a great charcuterie board. That's that's my recommendation. That's my Christmas gift to you, John, is is advice on your charcuterie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

And then I do have some creme de coco sitting on my bar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

so I might try to mix up some Brandy Alexander's because that seems like a good Christmas drink. That does sound like a good Christmas drink. I don't I don't recall. You don't mess with eggnog. Right? So we went through this last year,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

and my sister made me try eggnog when I was home for Christmas last year. And I can't pull and I remember that, but I I don't remember if you liked it. I didn't really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

Okay. It doesn't seem like a thing you would you would get into. I honestly, like, I don't know that I've ever seen you drink a glass of milk. I don't feel like milk very often. Yeah. So there you go. If you don't drink milk, eggnog, like, it's just not gonna happen. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

Alright. Well, that that all sounds good. So the charcuterie will replace a Christmas Eve meal. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

So I am doing arguably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

the least traditional things you can imagine for Christmas Day and Christmas Eve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

We did though have a a large Thanksgiving dinner with the turkey and all the fixings. So that that might be one of the reasons why Christmas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

Eve, we will do our slow cooker chipotle steak quesadillas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

There you go. I've had Which every Very good. Every yeah. You've had and everybody likes in the house. So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

we've got I think I think there might be that you make in adobo sauce? Or is that something different? That that is it. That is it. Yeah. It falls apart. And missus Lemon, I think you've had it in the bowl form, but we also make it as quesadillas. I think I've had it both. Oh, there you go. Missus Coleman only had the bowl, so I think. Okay. Alright. And it's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

it is it's just truly a hit. It's easy as well. It's a it's a crock pot type deal. That'll be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Christmas Eve. And then Christmas day, I was gifted by a dear friend of mine some Luminati's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

pizza. I think I'm I think I'm gonna cook one of those because it'll be it'll be Friday, which is pizza day at the Lemon House. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

you know, Illuminati's like, I think that would be a good way to to celebrate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Christmas day. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

Our our tree has been up for a while. We put it up at Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

Right. Because why not? And the presents are starting to amass. I did all of my shopping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

before December 1,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

and everything but two things have arrived where they need to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:12]

I'm waiting on one thing, which I don't think is gonna make it by Christmas Eve. Well, one one of mine one of mine was a Shutterfly gift for my mother,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

of course. Right? Because now I look like a bad son. And I'm I'm pretty much convinced based upon what I'm seeing from UPS, it's lost. Like, I I sent you a screenshot. It actually went to the wrong post office at one point because UPS dumped it off at the USPS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

So I I think I think I gotta contact them and and get that reordered, remade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

Yeah. But I felt I felt so on top of it. I really did and then these these two things are just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

out in limbo. Twenty twenty, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

Yeah. Dude, it it stinks, man. Like, know, you you try so hard to be on time and on top of it and just have the cookie crumbles, I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

We, we'll probably, I think, dive into New Year's resolutions on the next episode, but I'm I'm just curious to to to tease that up. Have you thought about any New Year's resolutions?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

For next year? Not really, but I did go back and listen to to this year's, and I'll give you an update on those. No, John. I was asking about twenty twenty New Year's resolutions. Do you have any for the last week here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

Yeah. I I I've been thinking a lot about this because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

things are so different and I and I actually would love to go back and look at what I said

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

were mine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

or what I was thinking about at that time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

Because I'm pretty sure that I didn't do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

most of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

I had maybe, like, what, three months to get them right before everything changed. So Yeah. We'll have to do some reflecting. I'll, I'll maybe pull up that episode, listen to it, take some notes, and we can evaluate. But, Yeah. I have think about what to do next year. I've had some ideas throughout the year. We'll see if commit to them or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

And then then we'll to figure out a way to keep each other in check and actually execute on them, is really Right. I think the the deal. Right? Yep. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

on that note my friend, I think I am going to go and find some eggnog and maybe some, some rum to go with it and and call it a day, call it a, a Christmas season with Life With A Twisted Lemon and, I wish you a Merry Christmas, my friend. Merry Christmas, and Merry Christmas to you, our listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

On that note, this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
