---
title: Xcapism
episode: 108
date: '2020-11-12T23:40:19.000Z'
slug: xcapism/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses the latest Apple updates, including a new Mac lineup
  with improved performance and battery life, as well as the release of Big Sur.
  The hosts share their thoughts on the new features, software compatibility,
  and potential bugs. Meanwhile, they also discuss personal experiences with iOS
  14, Catalina, and Xbox.
keywords:
  - Apple Mac lineup
  - Big Sur
  - iOS 14
  - Catalina
  - Xbox
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. It is Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

November 10 that we're recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

I am Stan Lemon, life with a twist of lemon. You're John Kollmeyer. I'm John Kollmeyer. Trusty sidekick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

extraordinaire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

We record on Tuesday. This gets released on Thursday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

This Tuesday, a lot has happened. A lot. A lot more for me than you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

because Yeah. What did what did you do this evening, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:49]

Nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

And you know what I did?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

You flew

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

a tie fighter in an x wing? I did on my brand new shiny Xbox series x.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

Now it's not really shiny. It's kind of matte, isn't it? It it is. There's I I tell you what, man. It is a beautiful looking device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Like, as as far as just the aesthetics of it go,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

they did a good job with this. And there's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

the, like, greeting on the top for the exhaust. Right? To let the airflow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

over the machine has this, like, bright

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Xbox green

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

underneath

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

the black top of the grating. It just has a really cool effect to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

So So Xbox has always reminded me a little bit of Borg technology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

Did you get that feel?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

No. What? Okay. Why?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

Just the green and blacks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

and grays and it's cube shaped. So Okay. We'll we'll go with it. We'll go with it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

I preordered my Xbox Series X. I actually preordered two of them. I preordered one Microsoft. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

And I preordered one with, GameStop. The GameStop one went to friend of the show, Patrick Sturtevant down in Texas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

The Microsoft one came to me. And, John, what happened with yours?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

I also preordered on September 22 from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

the mighty Amazon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:17]

Shortly after that, three days maybe, it said, hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

Due to the popularity of this item, you may not receive it on launch day. I was like, okay. So it might come two days later, whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

And then less than twenty four hours before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

launch day, I receive an email that says

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

that I will be getting my x Xbox sometime before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

December 31

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

as they receive more shipments in November and December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

So the the funny thing about this is I told you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

on a show prior to us preordering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

that I had lost faith in Amazon, specifically Prime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

shipping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Right? Yep. I felt like no matter what I did,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

nothing arrived in a reasonable amount of time, and very often, it was out of stock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

I'm guessing that didn't cross your mind at all while you were preordering on Amazon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

So here's here's the deal. Amazon is not where I went first to preorder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

Where did you go first?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

So first,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

I was on the Microsoft site, which I believe went down completely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

that day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

Then I was on Best Buy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:31]

and GameStop,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

and Amazon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

came

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

they were delayed, I think, in their release,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

if I remember correctly. Yeah. I think they they put

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

their page up a little later in the in the afternoon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

So I went in, I got through, got it preordered,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

still sitting in my order history.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

It's it's been amazing to me how bad all of these companies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

including Amazon and Microsoft, are at these preorders. They know what's gonna happen. You know? They they have the ability to ramp up for it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

and they're all atrocious. I I actually I I mean, I don't know how I got the one on GameStop because GameStop is bad. Their their whole experience online

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

is really, really awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

Microsoft surprised me that that of all the companies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

they couldn't keep it together. They like, it was also down. I had a horrible time with Target. Walmart was down. Like, they all every single one of them had trouble.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

So today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:35]

apparently, there were some people who released stock for online only sale today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:41]

The first was Walmart at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

noon eastern time. So I went on there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

I got to the cart, and it was sold out within twelve seconds of being opened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:53]

So that was a fail. And then Microsoft has kind of been the buy button has been on and off all day, depending on when you refresh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

So I've made it into the cart with the Microsoft account both with delivery dates as early as the November 12

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

and with delivery dates as late as December 23.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:14]

And I get in there. I got my card info all set up, ready. I hit place order, and there is some nondescript error that pops up. Not your order failed. It's like something went wrong on our end. Please try again later.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

Not that they're all out of stock or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:31]

So it's been very buggy and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

kind of unacceptable for the company that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:38]

puts out the console.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Well, I mean, not just puts out the console. Right? This is a company that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

Runs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

IT for the majority of the world. So Exactly. The most the most popular operating system in the world as well as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

a just ton of Internet service infrastructure. I mean, they literally run elastic compute,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

which is supposed to solve this kind of problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

You know? So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

yeah. I've been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

just flabbergasted by the whole thing. I did get mine. Patrick got his. Patrick actually got his a little earlier in the day than mine. Yeah. His he's earlier on the FedEx route than you are. Yep. Yep. Well, hey, it is what it is. But, this was an interesting experience for me because I have never had an Xbox before, which is not the situation that either you or Patrick are coming from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

Right? Correct. In fact, when was the last Xbox you had?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

So I had the first Xbox,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

which I think released in 02/2001.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

And then Which was a threes. That was a long time ago. Yeah. Xbox so, basically, consoles last about a decade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

So Xbox three sixty hit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:47]

It might have been 02/2009.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

2009 or 2010 is when Xbox three sixty hit, and I did not purchase that one. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:55]

And then so this shows how little I know. There was an Xbox one that came out after March? Yes. So Microsoft isn't great with the naming of things either. So there's a Microsoft one. There's a or there's an Xbox one. There's an Xbox one x,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

I don't really know. But, apparently, Xbox

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

Series x, which is the one you have and I have sitting in Amazon order,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

It's backwards compatible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:26]

So we'll play games back to March at least. I don't know if it plays vanilla games or not. Okay. Interesting. Plays vanilla games. I just don't know if it'll read the vanilla discs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

So I have none of that legacy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

and I I think I already vented a little bit on the podcast about my frustrations with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

release day games, which I felt like were were just lousy for Xbox. The Yep. You know, that's COVID's to blame for a big part of that, but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

I just I don't know, man. I I wound up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

buying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

games

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

for the previous generation that I guess are optimized for x or whatever. And and don't get me wrong, they're they're they look awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

But I really wanted something that was exclusive, and my options were like Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty, which isn't gonna fly in my house with kids. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

you know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

I'm waiting for, I think I think, DIRT

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

five, we determined,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

is probably the the next game I buy, and that'll probably be the first Xbox Series x game. Yep. So that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

fully

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

written one for Series x released today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

So there's that. But, yeah, on Xbox, we don't have Spider Man Miles Morales, unfortunately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

No. And we we never will because that's somebody's got that locked down. But Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

Well, anyhow, I will tell you this. I I don't know what I'm doing, and I did not realize when I turned the device on that this is basically Windows. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

and so so I I know enough of Windows to recognize it. You know? And and then I was a little put back because I haven't had a Windows computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

in decades.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

And so then I felt like you and Patrick tricked me. This has all been a really long troll.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

And I was really hoping you were just gonna give up and send me your send me your machine. So And there was there was a definite possibility. I could not believe the number of updates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

I had to install today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

on release day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

I mean, they were it was it was huge. There was an update for the device. There was an update for the controller. There was an update for the game. I expected the game one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

but Right. You know, I spent I spent, like, an hour plus on my super speedy Internet downloading updates, and that I just I don't get it, man. Yeah. That's a that's a bad first experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

Yeah. So, you know, getting into this, I have experience on my Nintendo Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

The placement of the a button is really really bugging me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

And I'm sure I'll adapt, but I I popped in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

Star Wars Squadrons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

and it's beautiful. It is a really awesome game to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

The the story is pretty cool. The kids were just, like, completely engrossed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

I am terrible. I am I am genuinely terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

And I'm I'm not entirely convinced that that is a situation that will improve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

I hope I hope it will, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

It will if you get enough hours in Stan. Oh, man. I John, I am so bad. I'm so bad, but it was a ton of fun. So the problem the problem with squadrons is you're dealing with an extra plane,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:42]

like, three dimensionally. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So now you can go up and down instead of just forward, back, left, and right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

So Yeah. Well, and then, you know, you gotta control the pitch and all which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

or pitch and yaw. Is that what I was supposed say? Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

I I would routinely turn my TIE fighter upside down, and then it just confused me so badly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

So I I, you know, I I get the I get the hang of it at least. I'll still probably be terrible, but, you know, game of Give it a week, and your kids will be beating you. So I I did order this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

this thing you told me to order this halo?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

Halo. Halo? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

Master and master chief. Halo master chief. Is that is that what it is? Halo. The master chief collection. Oh, okay. Yeah. So So looks like it's robots and stuff. You know that song?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

No. I don't know what's about. The halo? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

Oh, I'll have to find it. Okay. I'd sing it, but I don't know it well enough. Split and splice it in right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

There you go. I get is this like this is like this title's a big deal, though, for the Xbox.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

Yeah. So Halo is definitely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:50]

so that was, like, the exciting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:52]

launch day release title,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

exclusive for Xbox,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

and that got pushed back due to COVID or something. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

But this was one of the first games. Well, this is the game, this and Halo two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

which are both included in the Master Chief Collection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Pretty much how I spent my entire high school years. So Okay. Alright. Well, we'll get a get a dose of John Colmire. I I'm not gonna open this one up until I get some more squadrons time. I just I'm not I'm not ready for that yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

I'm I'm learning how to use the controller. Like, that's really what it comes down to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

So get this, Stan. Yeah. The last controller I had for the Xbox vanilla

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

was still wired to the console.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

Okay. That's that's normal. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

Hasn't been normal for twenty years. So Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

You know oh, I guess this one is double a batters. I was just trying to think, like, how does this one charge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

I guess I just take a I don't I don't even think about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

You can buy a charger

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

compatibility thing. Oh. But Okay. It's an extension, kinda like the Apple route.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:04]

Oh, if you want to use HDMI,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:07]

buy this dongle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

Well, there was an HDMI cable in the in the box. So that was that was nice. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

But okay. So I I've enjoyed it. It's a lot of fun. I'm gonna I'm gonna keep playing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

My kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

razzed me while I was crashing into things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

as a tie fighter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

And I I said, you know what? If if you're gonna talk smack, then give it a shot. And I'll, you know, I'll give it I'll give you one pass through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

and then on the second time, then I'll start the criticism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

And and Lucy, I she always listens to the podcast while she's mowing. Lucy was bad. Lucy was really bad. Henry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

was not as bad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

but but still pretty bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

So I felt a little redeemed by that. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

I imagine I will be bad too when I finally play this in January.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

It I tell you what, though, man. Like, I could definitely see myself spending some hours like this. I definitely could. I got a week coming up at Thanksgiving. I think I know how I'm gonna spend it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

Well, hopefully, my Xbox will be there, and I can take that week off too, and we'll play together. There you go. I don't know if you can do that with squadrons, but Well, I I'm still waiting for you to tell me what game we're gonna play online against each other. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

obviously. I oh, that's not one game. Okay. See, I don't know I don't know anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

It's funny. There were a bunch of people at work today who were in the same boat as you with Amazon orders that didn't get fulfilled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

And That's not a good sign for me, Stan. No. It's not. I was actually surprised at how many

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

had this issue. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

it seems like Amazon really messed up. I mean, they not like a little boo boo. They made a big boo boo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

So Yeah. The fact that they're saying, hey, we're hoping to have them all delivered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

over a month and a half from now is ridiculous for Amazon. Yeah. I mean, it tells you that they don't have any of them right now. They have them. Right? Right. They don't they probably don't even have them coming towards them. And now, interestingly, they were supposed to get me, an extra controller today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

and they messed that up too because that's just Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

But, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

Alright. Alright, man. So this was a nice respite at least for me to not be reading election news. Are you you're still off Twitter. You're totally disconnected from the world. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

I am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:24]

So I do check-in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

every couple of days.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

Right now, it's, like, really hard to find,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

like, the outstanding

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

senate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:34]

house of representative,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

elections,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

which right now, we don't know who controls either of those. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

I I think the house is pretty much,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

determined.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

It's the there was a reduction in seats for the the Democrats, which I think surprised people. But the senate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

looks like it will probably remain in Republican power, but who who knows? I mean, there are two races in Georgia that will go to a runoff because of state laws that they have around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

the margin by which someone needs to to win,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

and that's interesting. Where did you find this, Stan? Is this on The Wall Street Journal?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

I mean, I so I I I don't normally read read the Wall Street Journal. Read the Washington Post.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

Oh. Because their subscription is cheaper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

That's most w ones. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

I I definitely read it there. I will say the New York Times is really great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

a really great, like, election coverage page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

and they've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

really done a nice job with the clicking experience. I it sounds weird saying that, but being able to navigate around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

the New York Times just did a really bang up job on that. So that's where I've been been going and just kinda picking up, you know, bits and pieces. I think because I have so many friends that live in Georgia, I know a little bit more about what's going on down there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

Sure. You know, it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

yeah. It's crazy times though, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

We've we've got someone who looks like they've they've pretty much won this election. I mean, short of, like, something completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

crazy going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

And someone who's Twenty twenty. Yeah. Well, that's true. And someone who's in complete and total denial

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

you know, questions about the peaceful transfer of power.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

And, I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

I'm I'm over here waffling between, like, taking it all in in amazement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

that we could be part of of history and then slightly panicking because we could be part of making history, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

Yep. And you've been reading a lot of that recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Yeah. Well, it's it's funny. We're in uncharted territory, you know, on on so many fronts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

And and I've I've read about a few elections that did not go smooth. In fact, I I stopped. I took a break from my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

my read of elections

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

with, Ben Harrison. But if you if you rewind to president Hayes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

that's a hotly contested election too. People forget about that. But, you know, he was he was considered an illegitimate president by many people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

And I'd I'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

we'll see how this shakes out. But Yeah. It's weird, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

But ultimately,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

what happens in your house is gonna impact your life more than what happens in the White House.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

Most likely. And I I hope that hope that continues to remain true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

I I will say that I am grateful that tech, in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

gives respite from these things because it is a little bit exhausting. It is also exhausting how angry people get.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

Yeah. And and watching the the vitriol. Right? So I don't I don't care what side of the an issue you're on. If you're a jerkwad while talking about politics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

you you need to check yourself, mate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

It like, this year specifically, and I think it's it's gotta be social media,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

influence and just having this all happen right away. But people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:55]

have gone completely insane,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

everywhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

Like, if you're ecstatic that Joe Biden won, there's people who are acting like they just won a million dollars because he won. Right. And it's just not the case. Or that Trump lost,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

and it's the end of the world, and the sky is falling tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

And we've gone through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

how many elections now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

Well, elections or presidential elections?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

We Presidential elections. We've we've had 46 of these jokers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

counting this one, forty seven if you count Cleveland twice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

So because remember, he took a break in between, which it has been done, folks. If you don't know your history, that has been done. Yes. But I yeah. I I don't know, man. I I've gotten to the point now where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

I I I wanna just look at people like, say that to my face,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

you know? Yeah. Because I just something happens when you get online, whether it's Twitter or Facebook or or even Instagram. I I'm I'm getting ticked off with Instagram now because it used to just be pictures of, like, people's kids and dogs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

And now they're taking pictures of text

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

and putting that up there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

and and it's like, I I didn't that's not why I'm on Instagram. I'm on I'm on Instagram to avoid that stuff. Right? I I don't wanna read your flame war posts. Yeah. So I I even went so far as to remove Instagram from my phone. Woah. Did not delete my Instagram account,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:16]

on Tuesday because of all of this stuff that was all election oriented,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:22]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

I just don't care, man. So before I forget, you were talking about just the emotional reactions. Did you catch any of the clips on Saturday of people celebrating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

after the election was called?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Alright. Well, you should you should spend just a little bit of time googling this and and pulling up these pictures because every time I saw, like, people in the streets screaming, yelling, music, dancing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

all I could think of was those that that scene at the end of Return of the Jedi,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

the celebration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

in in in the remake. You know what I'm talking about? Where they just, like, shoved in all the the dance parties across the galaxy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

Yep. Which which is not a good sign. Right? Like, if if my connection to what's going on on Saturday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

is the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

remade version of Return of the Jedi, like, that's not a great starting point. I don't care who you voted for. No. Definitely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

So there's some really bad things that happen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

if we no longer have president Trump in the White House. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Like what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

No more episodes of what Trump can teach us about constitutional law. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, that is a great podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

No more Let let's because I I don't want people to think that we're like I before you accuse us of a certain political leaning at this moment in time, listen to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

This that podcast is fantastic because it talks about constitutional law in the context of what's going on today. And yes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

those those podcasters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

have a slant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

It doesn't come out until about episode 20,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

like clearly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

but it's a So It's just a great podcast. Like, Roman Mars is far worse about this than the actual constitutional law professor because the constitutional law professor, it's not like she has a great poker face,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

but she talks about things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

from an objective point of view Yeah. Being what the constitutional text says and how it can be interpreted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

Yeah. And and and, like, the law surrounding the constitutional text. It's actually interesting. She does do a really fantastic job of just laying down facts. The funny thing is you could check out her Twitter, and you will know exactly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

what position she has politically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

But I think, you know, very few people know enough about the constitution and the law surrounding it, the history surrounding it to feel like they can just brush off opportunities like that to learn more, in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:47]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

So that's a bad thing for sure. Second bad thing is we lose Twitter parody accounts like emperor trumpetine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

Do you really think that's gonna end?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

Do you really think that's gonna end? No. Not for a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

I think some of that stuff's gonna be around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

Yeah. You know, I don't know. Who who knows what's gonna change

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

in, in a in a few months here? I'm not stressing about that. I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

very grateful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

to be able to turn the TV on and not see political ads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

I'm very grateful to not be getting mailers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

every week from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

Alright. Here's the parties. If

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:25]

you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:27]

like, one of your platform talking points is about climate change,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

like, probably shouldn't be sending hundreds and hundreds of paper mailers to people. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

Stop cutting down trees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

Stop cutting down trees. Yeah. You know, it's it's so funny. I I had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

I had a state senator here who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

just sent out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

really nasty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

mailers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

about his opposition and sent like, they were huge ones, John. Like Yep. Like, eight and a half by 11 size

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

laminate, you know, and they're just like scare tactics on paper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

Yep. And So we we got that with our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

US senate race,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

which ended up not being as close as I was expecting it to be, but it was a pretty dirty campaign. Yeah. And and what what bummed me about this is I I like the guy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

that was running,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

and I just I just thought that it, like, undercut him, you know, to take those kind of tactics. And and so I I always have this this feeling when I come away from an election. It's like, who did I lose respect for? Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

Because there there are politicians in Indiana, in Indianapolis that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

respectful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

Like, I I I can like, I I'm not completely ashamed that they're representing me. However, every so often, one of them decides to set the bar just a little bit lower and surprise me like the state senator did, and I think that's just unfortunate. So I I'm glad to have all that behind me. I do feel bad for those poor souls in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

Georgia who now have to have, you know, a month or two or whatever of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

of a runoff, and the amount of money that's gonna funnel into that. I mean, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

that's what blew my mind seeing the numbers on this, how much money was funneled into these elections.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

And and I've always John, maybe this is nuts. I've always thought that a great a great law to to pass

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

would be you can't give money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

to someone you can't vote for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

Yeah. Because one of the things that I I definitely noticed, this time around is the amount of money that flowed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

across

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

state lines, across district lines, across whatever representative boundaries

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

existed. Right? Like, there's no reason why someone from the Northern part of Indiana

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

should be giving money to my state senator,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

senatorial election

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

campaigns.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

Yeah. I think there's definitely something to that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

especially even like these super contested seats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

that national organizations will get money to. Yeah. Well, in these these Georgia races. Right? How much money outside of Georgia is going to flow into Georgia for this election? Now, do do we all have a potential stake, I guess, in the outcome of the Georgia elections? Sure. But they're that those senators are not That undermines

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

right. That undermines

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

why things were set up the way they are. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

So I I don't know. Somebody's gonna say, well, Stan, you were, you know, just trying to Yeah. Limit my my free speech and ability to support my political perspectives, and that's not true. I just don't want you to throw your money away at somebody you can actually vote for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

I know. That's enough of that before we get ourselves into Oh, yeah. We the people are people are unsubscribing left and right now. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

was supposed to be a segue into the other bit of tech happiness. Again, like, what what has kept me sane here is I I just love technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

And I had the Xbox. The Xbox came today. It actually came after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

my first celebration,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

which was the Apple event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

Right. Did you not have as much much, press as the last one, so I didn't remember that it was happening today until you said something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

And I only caught about five minutes of it, but I caught the entire

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

live

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:17]

Instagram

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

mega group feed. So Oh, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

So the this was a relatively short,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

event today. It was forty five minutes. It was prerecorded again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

and this is the third event here of the fall, which is unusual in and of itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

They titled this one or they they referenced One More Thing, which is a big, like, nod back to the original iPhone, which was One More Thing, you know. And and so I think the bar gets set pretty high when they say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

One More Thing. And they've they've only done a couple times, admittedly. Yep. This was the nerdiest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

event that I have seen Apple do in a long time. This trumped,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

no pun intended there. This trumped the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

keynote this year as as well as, quite frankly, I can't think of a WWDC,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

which is the worldwide developer conference, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

that Apple throws every year. By

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

nerds, for nerds. Yeah. Yeah. But but this this was more nerdy nerdy than any of those I can remember in recent memory. They were talking about new processors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

in Apple computers, and and they specifically launched three new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Apple Macs today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

They launched a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

a MacBook Air,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

which has no fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

It is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

it looks to be stupid powerful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

They launched a 13 inch MacBook Pro, which does have a fan, And they launched a MacBook Mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

these are just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

really sharp looking computers in terms of the specs, the amount of horsepower that these these Apple made chips

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

have. Now if you if you don't understand, like, what I'm talking about here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

you probably have a computer with an Intel processor in it. Right? Intel, the the they used to you remember the old Pentium commercials? Like, Intel actually used to have commercials on television way back in the day. Right. And, the Pentium two or the Pentium three or or the Pentium four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

and those were those were big releases back when they made a a big to do about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

this is Apple basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

going their own way, which they've actually been doing for a long time at a scale much larger than Intel. Right? Because they Right. They manufacture the the chips, the silicon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

and the phones, and the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

And, I expected them today to tell us that they were taking the same iPad and iPhone chip and putting it in a Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

and that is not what they announced at all. They Nope. They call this the m one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

Mac one, I guess, what I'm what I'm interpreting that as. The the Mac one processor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

And it's it sounds a lot like the a 14, which is in the latest iPhone, iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

but I I think they kicked it up a notch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:08]

Yeah. So, I mean, they got more space to work with for sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:12]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

I'm I'm not into microcomputing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

I I can't talk intelligently about any of this stuff. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

it's it's They have more room to make them bigger. You yeah. And you would think you think they did that. However, I will say this, the one cutaway that I I, I saw today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

the the actual chip inside the computer was no bigger, like the whole board. The entire board was no bigger than a bookmark. And the rest of that case is just battery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

And so that MacBook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

the 13 inch that they released today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

they were talking about like fifteen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

hours

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

web browsing and eighteen hours of video streaming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

on a single charge. Stan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

that's a whole day. That is a whole day. A whole day. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

And and if if they have actually achieved this, I think they have reached the holy grail of of battery life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Now, this is this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

is the thing. This is I think why Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

well, Apple will tell you that the reason they're doing this is because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

they can have tighter integration between the operating system and the chip. And I I believe that's true. I also think it probably cost them less money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

Sure. I also think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

Apple's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

their their stance right now on the environment is very aggressive in terms of reducing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

carbon emissions, reducing energy use and consumption. I think some of that translates into this because this has got a lot less juice that it's gonna draw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

and it's gonna use it much more efficiently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

And and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

all I know is this, John. If if a laptop runs on my lap without burning my legs, that will be an upgrade worthy of having.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

I don't know. I always go back and forth on this. So for your average user who does everything in a web browser,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:09]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

the killer feature here is gonna be battery life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

For people like you who might compile code or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

edit video or edit a podcast or something like this, then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

okay, you're using more of that, but this is still way overpowered unless you're doing like feature

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:31]

length movies. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

Well, yeah, it is. There's there's more horsepower Most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

people are gonna use VR and things like that. All those things though from, like, the developer perspective should be a lot faster. They were talking about Xcode compile times that are three times as faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

And if that number is true,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

that's a lot of time. It's a game changer. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

So, you know, again, like I mean, just opening x code takes forever. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

but I do think if if some of these speed improvements do hold water,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

this is this is gonna really drive a lot of people to this upgrade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

on the on the power side. Because again, I don't think most people need a Mac anymore. I think the iPad is really more than sufficient for most people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

I think I'm struggling to decide my laptop is now two years old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

I've got another year on AppleCare, I believe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

I am not unhappy with this laptop at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

Do I is it time for me to upgrade? Is it time for me just to supplement?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

I'm I'm not sure yet. That Mac Mini is very compelling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:38]

Did they change the keyboards?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

So you and I have the previous gen keyboard. The current Right. Generation keyboard is the same as the one they have now. So it's improved from what we have, but not So you don't have to wait for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:52]

reviews on if that breaks a month later. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

Okay. Yeah. And so the as as far as we can tell, the casing and the keyboard and all that is exactly the same.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

What I was really disappointed on is I thought if ever were there there were a time to upgrade that stupid FaceTime camera, now would be it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

But that that stupid camera is still just seven twenty p. Like, I there's no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

excuse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

for this laptop's camera not to be four k at this at this point. It's just it's embarrassing. I'm embarrassed by it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

I mean, there's enough room there to just throw the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:27]

iPhone 12 back camera up there, isn't it? Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

And and that's that's what gets me. Right? It's like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

Apple makes one of the most popular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

cameras on the market today. In fact, depending on how you wanna slice this, they've this this phone I've got in my hand has four cameras. Just pick one. Yep. I don't care which one. Just pick one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

Put it put it on my Mac. That's all I'm asking. Because because the the FaceTime camera is garbage, and it has been garbage for a long time. I don't think this thing has had a substantive update in at least ten years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:59]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

mean, the fact that it's still seven twenty p, and Yeah. We're talking about eight k's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

And and in 2020,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

if there were a feature that you would wanna update on your laptop, your video camera is one of them. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

Absolutely. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

did talk about upgrades to the microphone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

the microphones on the the laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

indicating that they were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

studio quality. I don't know what that means.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

I'm I'm gonna I highly doubt we'll be recording our podcast through them. I I would I would tend to agree with you. I I am curious, though, exactly what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

upgrades they did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

So I I look forward to someone, like, testing that, putting some get together some sound samples. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

yeah, I don't know. I do you you're not anywhere near an upgrade, are you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:45]

No. And the fact that they're changing the whole chipset,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:49]

probably gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:51]

some kind of, like, upgrade time for people to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

support it. There there's a translation layer that allows you to run,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

older software that's compiled for Intel. So you're not completely But is it any good? Even. Well, they they actually said that there are a few applications that they've tested actually run faster on the translation layer than they do on Intel because of some of the optimizations they can do for the for the actual chipset. So again, like, all this needs to be vetted. If that has even just a fragment of truth to it, that's impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

I don't think that the transition is gonna be hard unless you run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

Windows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

on your Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

And We know some people like that, don't we? Yeah. We we know some people. I think that's I think that's gonna be hard because I think that's the person that's getting left behind with this particular update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

Yeah. I'm sure they'll come up with something. Right? Like like Microsoft will be all over that because I think there's there's a large developer ecosystem there. But Yep. You're you're not gonna be able to do the old boot camp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

routine for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

And the Intel Parallels

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:57]

will run super fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

Well, yeah. Parallels will run super fast. But but I the thing is VMs have to be made for the architecture too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

So we'll see we'll see how that all shakes out. I, you know, I don't know. I'm I'm definitely considering this though. I I can't decide if I want to do another laptop floating around the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

Maybe I could do an upstairs laptop and a downstairs laptop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:21]

If I I hear that missus Lemon is trying to get into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

doing websites and blogging and stuff. So She is. She's rocking the the iPad though, like hardcore with that. Does she have a keyboard for the iPad? Or She does. Yeah. She's borrowing borrowing one that I have. Actually, it's a tray tray based one. So so from Logitech,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

k seven eighty or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

I the the other thing I keep keep coming back to is the Mini because I've had a Mini

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

as a spare computer floating around the house for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

you know, most of the time that I've been a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

professional Mac user, we'll say. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

I don't right now, and I haven't for about a year. Right. We talked about that. Yeah. Go back. It was I mean, it was a big day it was a big day to decommission that thing. And I mean, that thing lasted you how many years? It was like seven years. You built it once or something? Well, I I replaced a hard drive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

and I upgraded the memory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

and I think I did something else. I can't remember. But that was back when you could still do those kind of upgrades. You can't do any of those anymore. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

I was expecting those AirTags that that have been rumored. We didn't get those today, and we didn't get the the new studio headphones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

which I'm sure you'll buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

I don't know. I'm all done buying things for $20.20, Stan. Yeah. You and me both. Oh, you know what I didn't tell you? I I had a a problem with my AirPod Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

and I yeah. The the right one wouldn't charge. And so Right. I I went through a whole rigmarole with Apple support, and they replaced it. And apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

there is now an Apple AirPod Pro replacement program

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

in place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

for for a whole variety of issues. But I I found that surprising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:04]

I I still love those headphones even with the Right. That trouble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

It their sound quality is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

Big Sur was announced release date. Yep. That will come out when the podcast is released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

So we will have a weekend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

and a day or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

two days, really. A weekend and two days to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

chew on Big Sur, figure out if we like it, find all the bugs. I I'm gonna make a prediction though. I think they're gonna release 10.0.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:33]

Excuse me, ten.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

11.0.one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

The 11 that didn't get any press. Right. I think they're gonna skip the 11.0.0

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

based upon what I'm seeing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

on the beta channels. I have not touched the beta for this. I resisted the urge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

I I have no regrets. I have no regrets for doing that, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:53]

I am looking forward to it. I'm still going to let you install this first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

and see how your experience goes. Well, I'll install it on my personal computer where the risk is relatively low these days. Right. It it will I I literally just installed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

Catalina on my work computer a month ago. So Yep. Take it or leave it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:15]

So I'm gonna wait, see how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:18]

if you are cursing or anything, and then I'll I'll go for it because he did not like the Catalina beta, and he didn't really like Catalina release candidate either. Cat Catalina was a really rough release. I mean, it that was just brutal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

Even even the j g a, first two or three releases were just not good quality. Now, it's great now. I don't have any problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

Yep. But it took a long time to get there. Switch it up. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

alright, my friend. Dan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

Go play some Xbox. Sounds like a plan. Can't. And on that note, this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

Wash your hands and wear a mask.

