---
title: "Listeners Speak Out: Fast Food Edition"
episode: 141
date: "2021-06-29T12:35:19.000Z"
slug: listeners-speak-out-fast-food-edition/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discussion revolves around a list of top restaurants by Mark, with
  McDonald's as the number one choice despite not being explicitly stated why.
  The conversation then shifts to analyzing the ingredients of Culver's cheddar
  cheese and flavor options at different locations, highlighting inconsistencies
  and potential issues with their food quality and availability.
keywords:
  - Culver's
  - McDonald's
  - restaurant rankings
  - ingredient analysis
  - flavor options
  - consistency
  - food quality
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

You know, John, I never really know what's gonna cause people to reach out. And I wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

I wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

if,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

we were more accessible like on the Facebooks or something, if we would get even more feedback. We are on the Facebooks. Nobody cares.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Oh. Well, you know what I I I just so we talked about fast food, and it was kinda like the grilled cheese thing all over again. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

I I can't tell though, like, of these people, and of course, all all four of our regular listeners,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

if if they were upset with our decisions or just disagreed or or what. And then, of course, you took to the Twitterverse and decided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

that there can only be one right list, which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

I don't know about that, but in my my postmodern lens here, we can all be right, except for Dan Chez, who's definitely wrong because he put Panda Express at number one. Yeah. So Dan Chez appeared to be very angry about our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

five through 10,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

but then we never heard anything really about one through five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I I don't feel like our one through five was super controversial.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

Yeah. I agree. I don't know. I got a I got a message from,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

my buddy, Eric Music, who is out in the Seattle area. Grew up with him in West Chicago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

He was this is what he wrote. He goes, oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Portillo's made the list. I was worried when you'd gotten to two and still hadn't mentioned it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

But it made him think, where would I put it? So Yep. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

know, I I I think that surprised a few people, at least that was feedback I got, that it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

on the list, that it was so high on the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

Your father-in-law vehemently apparently disagrees with this, which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

I I mean, is anybody really surprised that he disagrees with us? That's right. But he claims that Portillo's is not fast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

Think Based on his last wrong. Experience there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

I honestly, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

you does he ever take a step back and just think maybe he's the problem? Maybe he did something and they decided they were not gonna serve him quickly. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

Who is it you? Do you always have a bunch of special requests when you go out to eat? Or somebody who's like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

why don't you just, like, go I really alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

Tend to be very particular, and at certain places, I do make very particular choices. So as an example, at Wendy's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

I always always ask them no mayo, no ketchup, add mustard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

Always. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

But I feel like in the grand scheme of things, those are not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

like earth shattering changes. It's not like, you know, put the pickles on the bottom. Sure. Right? Which which is of all the things I've ever heard anybody order while waiting in line, easily the dumbest dumbest thing. Right? It was it was I'd like I think it was a quarter pounder with cheese. Please put the pickles on the bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

Like, really? What I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

believe that, you know, order matters, but how does that change the taste of the burger? That's what I wanna know. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

don't know either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:29]

I'm person

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

who just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:32]

give me a number two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

and that's it. Yeah. I get it. I respect it. Like, it took me a while but I convinced Lucy to get a Whopper as a Whopper. Yeah. Right? Because Burger King,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

like, as long as you stick within a certain parameters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

they're alright. For whatever reason, if you say no no mayo on a on a Whopper,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

you're probably gonna slick a mayo. So I just told Lucy embrace the mayo. Right? Now, Henry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

it doesn't matter where we go, fast food, slow food, whatever food,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

he will always

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

order it plain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

with pickles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

Occasionally, he'll mix it up and add onions, but most of the time, it's plain with pickles. Interesting. And so, and and often it's pickles with extra pickles. Right. Right? So it's like, you know, the pickle to burger ratio is probably for every like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

one ounce of of beef, you have to have half an ounce of pickles. That's that's probably the right ratio. So most people don't meet his expectations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

Suffice to say though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

I I I believe because most people don't load it with pickles quite to that level, he knows what the beef at all of these places tastes like better than most people do. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

Right. So he is he's well equipped to judge the beef or whatever it is on a McDonald's burger against the beef

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

or whatever it is at Burger King. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

Yeah. I'm with you. Maybe we need to do a burger episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

and not just fast food burgers, but chain burgers. So we could go like Red Robin or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

Yeah. I think we would need to pick a couple of places and and, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

actually eat them at the same time or something just so that we've got like fresh hot takes. And and this is gonna be challenging because you live in the middle of nowhere and I live in the last frontier of the Midwest. Hey. But I've got a McDonald's, several. So Which means you don't in nowhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

So Next to nowhere. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

you you bring up an interesting point though. I I found this surprising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

Folks wanted qualifiers on what makes fast food, and I I got to thinking about this. Usually, when you and I discuss something, we really do kinda like measure it out. Right? Like we know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

then we just went for it. Yeah. Believe the words you said, you don't wanna qualify it any further than fast food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

Yeah. And I didn't even we didn't even say what fast Right. Meant, John. So so so it's it's about as subjective as I get in life. But You have to include a few people. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

Well, I did. I did. A few folks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

I come on, man. I really think Pizza Hut deserves to be considered fast food. There's nothing slow about a Pizza Hut pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

What was interesting to me is a few people were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

how do I say this? Concerned about whether or not having a drive through made or did not make fast food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

And and I thought a lot about this. Have you been to Florida? Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

There's like you've got drive thru cocktail bars. Right? Like you get a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

martini to go. Does that make it fast food? Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

Yeah. I don't think so. And and so I this this whole thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

I don't think that's the sole qualifier. I think that if you have a drive through, it is often

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

indicative of there being fast food at that place, but in and of itself is that is not what makes a fast food. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

And in fact, I think that some fat like, legitimately fast food places with drive throughs can disqualify

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

themselves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

as being fast food the minute they tell you to park.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

Right? Interesting. I don't know if I would go that far because I mean like Oh my. McDonald's actually has like parking spaces now so that they can continue to be fast and taking orders and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

This this is different than curbside pickup. I wanna be clear about that. Or like, when you place an order on the phone, and then you park, and they bring it out to you. I'm saying if I place an order in the line,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

and when I get to the second window, you don't have my food, and you tell me that I have to go park, like, you are no longer fast food. That's interesting. Basically, all you've done is protect my butt from having to sit on your chairs. That's that's all you've done. That's all you've accomplished.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

Fair enough, man. I don't know. I don't think that we would ever agree on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

qualifiers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:49]

for this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

Well, we could try. We could try, John. I mean, I feel like I feel like we're almost, what, two, three seasons into this thing and Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

Hey. Apparently, people like us talking about food. Food episodes have always been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

very responded to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

Well, yeah. Speaking of which Hey. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

have never been to Wileepalooza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

So Oh, we're gonna fix that. We are going to July.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

Now, I think I think the question is when you come here July

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

and we go to Wileepalooza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

are we gonna do ice cream or milkshakes? Milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

Okay. Alright. I was just just asking just so I can clarify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

Now, explain to me, John, how I'm going to avoid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

buying a milkshake for all three of my children and my wife.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

Why do you wanna avoid that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

But I because it's expensive, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

Well, I guess we can stop You can after beer or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

Oh, now we're talking. Now we're talking. Now it's it's interesting, like, go into this. Right? And you're like, oh, I'm gonna get my wife and I a milkshake, which is great. Okay. But then, you know, double that plus plus another person, that's my world. Understood. Right? So I can't have nice things because I have kids. No, I'm just kidding. Sorry, Lucy. I know Lucy's listening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

I we we should we should definitely do that. And I think I think it would be good. The the one downside, and we've discussed this so many times with Wileepalooza milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

is the ice cream quality is fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

but they tend to have chunks in it, and so you wind up fishing out a good part of that from the bottom of your cup. And as long as you accept that reality,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

everything else is great. The ice cream, the service You just have to grind an ice cream with small enough chunks so that they come through the milkshake straw.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

Yeah. I guess. I I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

I I look forward to our on-site analysis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

Maybe we'll we'll bring the phone and, like, livestream some of it or Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

You do you do you know what this is the anniversary of? Or, like, when this release is roughly the anniversary of? The day we came back last year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

It's the day we came back last year. So after a COVID hiatus, I think we disappeared mid March, and we were off air for roughly three months. So we have survived

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

a year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

of podcasting. Once again. But Once again. We still have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

six months to go to meet our New Year's resolution.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

Maybe we should revisit those next episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

halfway through the year. How we're doing on our resolutions?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

Yeah. I have so much to report and not to report, but that's alright. That's alright. Okay. So I wanna get back to this fast food thing because first of all, couple people were upset,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

mainly you, Joe Taylor, if you're And dangerous. That we recorded earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

Oh, yeah. He was upset too. But I know we I thought we just no. We discussed But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

but Joe was upset that we recorded before he was able to send us his list. Patrick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

and Mark

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

both sent us these lists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

as they were listening, which is fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

But I we we need to address these. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

I we should maybe set this up because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

I don't know that folks know Joe Taylor lived in New Orleans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

for, I don't know, like thirty three years or something like that. Like most of his life, except for the part that he didn't live in Michigan, was spent in in New Orleans. And so, he deep down inside wants to be a southerner, I think. Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

Yeah. I mean, I get it. So keep that in mind as I reveal to you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

his top five in reverse order. First of all, Popeyes Yep. Which Straight out of Louisiana. Didn't make it didn't make my list. Didn't even come close to my list. Pretty sure the only time I ate Popeyes, I got food poisoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

Maybe they didn't fry the chicken well enough. I don't know. But interesting nonetheless.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

Number four. Actually, have you ever had Popeyes? I have. There's actually a Popeyes in Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:45]

When was the last time you had Popeyes? I tried their chicken sandwich when they announced that. They're, like, competitor to Chick fil A or whatever. So that was, what, two years ago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

Two years ago. Okay. I cannot think of how long like, it's been too long since I've eaten at Popeyes for me to possibly remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

any of it. So maybe I need to try it again. I like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

I I fully recognize that. This is Popeyes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

does Popeyes have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

a po'boy? Is that one of the things they offer? I do not know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

So there's this there's this story, maybe it's not Popeyes, and and Joe's probably gonna get mad at me here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

There's a story where Joe Taylor orders

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

a po'boy sandwich

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

and for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

Mardi Gras or Fat Tuesday, whatever, and then proceeds to wait on it. And then into this day, it still shows up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

inside of DoorDash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

as waiting for pickup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

Yeah. Probably a bug Yeah. But nonetheless, I think I think that was Popeyes. It could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

So again, not you know, it's it's probably should try it again. Maybe Joe will try it with me. Number four is Wendy's. I don't think that's anybody's surprise or to like much of a surprise to anybody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

I think we're seeing Wendy's enough in these lists

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

that it's it's reasonable to say, you know what, their whole thing about never freezing their beef might actually, one, be true, and two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

impact the quality of their their meals. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

I also think, just generally speaking, their vegetables that they put on the sandwiches, they seem fresher to me. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

I mean, McDonald's, the the onions are straight up dehydrated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

Like, that's just that's the ingredient. It's dehydrated onions, not onions. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

I'm not saying they're bad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

I also like a fresh onion. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

Alright. Then Joe lists Chick fil A that made the top of a lot of lists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

Taco Bell,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

which I think wasn't that in your like top five? No. I think that was eight or something for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

Nine. I know you're a big Taco Bell fan. I I stand by my statement last time, which is that they have gotten rid of too many of the good parts of their menu

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

for me to to rank them. So Dan Chas was very angry about Taco Bell being included in my list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

He

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

also said that Taco John's is better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

I've never had Taco John's. I have had Taco John's once, and I remember it being extremely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

salty,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

like, over the top salty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

Yeah. It's it'd be curious to see if that was a one off or that was legit. I I saw Taco John's when we were down in Tennessee, but I've I've never eaten there. So I don't know. Maybe they have them? I I should look and see if There's there's two in Cedar Rapids, so I imagine there's gotta be one in the Greater Indianapolis area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

Alright. Alright. I will I will look into this and if there is one nearby Lebanon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

Yeah. That's not happening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

That's that's halfway to Lafayette. I'm not doing that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

It's 34 miles away. That'd have to be a fantastic taco.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

Plus, you say it's salty? I've been trying to watch my my sodium stay

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:56]

away from everything on our fast food lists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

Well, there there is that. I will say some of these pictures look good like these fried chicken tacos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

Granted, I'm pretty sure this is gonna be just like KFC tacos, which they sometimes have. So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

I wonder what their what do think their breakfast is like? You ever get breakfast there? I have not. McDonald's really is the fast food breakfast standard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

don't think that their breakfast burritos are as good as they used to be, though. That's sad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

Have never gotten breakfast at Taco Bell. Although when they introduced it, I was very, very tempted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

That we should maybe do that when you're here, John. We could go to to Taco Bell really close to the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

Yeah. And I think let me see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

See, here's here's the thing. I like eggs inside of a tortilla. Sure. I I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

And so I would be all about doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

a breakfast burrito from any one of these places just to try it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

You can tell that Taco Bell's not too serious about this because you have to scroll to the right

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

on the browser, on the desktop browser, in order to find breakfast. Right? So let let's let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

just cover some of these things that you have to scroll past in order to get the breakfast. Specialties,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

sides and sweets, drinks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

group orders, the value menu,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

veggie cravings. Who goes to Taco Bell for veggie cravings? I have no idea. Bowls, which I can't believe are still on the menu, and then breakfast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

I don't know. It doesn't bode well. But we should try it, John. Oh, look at this breakfast crunch. I know. That one's looking good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

Yeah. Yeah. You know? Oh, Cinnabon Delights.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

They'd probably kill you, but they look delicious. Pretty sure Oh, will this is kill you on this list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Mountain Dew kick start orange citrus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

soda. There you go. The mount I didn't know that Mountain Dew had a breakfast soda. So kick starts like an energy drink, isn't it? It's like the Mountain Dew energy drink.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

What what in the world is the difference between an energy drink and soda, especially if it's branded Mountain Dew? I do not know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

I maybe it's carbonation. If this is not carbonated, maybe that's the qualifier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

But honestly, like, energy drinks are just an excuse for caffeine in high concentrations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

maybe with less sugar. I I don't know. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

Yeah. I don't know. Alright. That's what we should do. Alright. So We should do sodas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

Rank sodas next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

Rank sodas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

Do we have to try the sodas live though? Maybe. Maybe do a blind taste test? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

Alright. Well, we can we can look at this. Are we gonna analyze diet soda too? Not unless you want to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

I guess that there's like people firmly in the diet coke or diet Mountain Dew camp who would rank those tastes above regular coke and regular Mountain Dew, but they're just fooling themselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

Oh, yeah. I mean, you remember a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

George Borghardt,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

may he rest in peace.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

He was always drinking Diet Coke, like, literally, intravenously.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

He would walk around with a case of 24 cans, and that was, like, the day's provisions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

Not healthy. Don't advise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

Probably not. I used to beg him to let me sit in on the autopsy. I just wanna see, like, is his entire innards caramelized?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

Yeah. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

It'd be interesting. I don't know. Anyhow, maybe that's a Taco Bell and breakfast and Borgart and I don't know. Yeah. We we sell all over the place. Mister Taylor's number one selection is Raising Cane's, which also is nowhere near where I live. The closest one is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

I've never had a Raising Cane's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

I've heard nothing but good things about Raising Cane's. Like, I've I've actually never heard anybody say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

that Raising Cane's is not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

But as far as I know, they just have one thing on the menu. Right? I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

I think it's just chicken fingers. Like, I don't think they do anything else. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

So, yeah. Here, I'm looking at the menu. This is this is the most simple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

simple set of ingredients I get. Well, maybe not simple set of ingredients, but simple set of options I've ever seen. So they got chicken fingers, crinkle cut fries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

coleslaw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

Cane's sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

That's that's like one of the things that's listed. Texas toast and drinks. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

So I I mean, I don't know how you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

how do you just choose I will say fingers, but They look pretty delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

They do. They do. I don't know if you remember. It's been forever. I I I've been boycotting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

Chili's for for probably close to a decade now. But Chili's used to have a fantastic deep fried chicken finger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

with just like a really lovely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

you know, coating on it. This looks to me like the old school Chili's chicken fingers, which I'm sure Chili's doesn't serve anymore because Chili's is one of the worst restaurants on the face of the planet. But they used to have good food. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

alright. Raising Cane's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

I, mister Taylor, if you're listening to this while you're taking a shower,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

remember me the next time that you are driving past Raising Cane's, and bring me some chicken fingers. I like to try them out. I gotta see what the closest one to me is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

It's gotta be gotta be a while or wait. It's like a southern thing. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

I feel like the last time I saw one, I was probably in Missouri.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

Nothing's showing up. So List view. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

Dear friend and listener of the show, Patty. We've had him on a few times to talk about Marvel stuff. We're actually probably overdue. We made it through all of Falcon and the Winter Soldier without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

actually talking with Patty about the show. And now we're knee deep in Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

We're probably due, I think, to, like, cover the show with him. Don't you think? Yes. But the next time we record where this is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

gonna happen, we'll also have Black Widow talk about probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

yeah. So maybe alright. Maybe we shouldn't talk about Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Maybe we should just do Black Widow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:57]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

Have have Patty on for the Black Widow episode? Alright. Alright. That's the plan. Patty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

you're probably gonna be traveling the country at that point. Oh, that's right. Because you work you work a lot in the summer. I'm sure you'll figure it out. So we'll we'll make it happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

Patty's list, think, looked a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

predictable to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

I think there's some controversy in his top five. But let's just start with number 10, Burger King. Again, respectable burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

Patrick lives in Texas. So Popeyes, again, southern restaurant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

not really something that I think to go to made the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

Patty has put Arby's down. This is yeah. A

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

I don't I don't know that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

would have put Arby's in my I mean, know I didn't put in my top 10, but I was just trying to think like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

does it stand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

does it stand apart?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

You know? Is it is it like worth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

being in the discussion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

for top 10? Forget about like actually placing on top 10, but does it deserve to to be in the discussion?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:59]

So I think my issue

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

with it being in the discussion

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:03]

would be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

I can't remember the last time I had curly fries that were served warm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

and usually the locations are disgustingly dirty. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Yeah. There's definitely a cleanliness issue, I would say, across the board with our with Arby's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

I do think they have maybe the best

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

ad campaigns though. True. Right? Like that whole we have the beef, that's it's great. My kids, I don't even know when they last ate at Arby's, they'll run around going, we have the beef, you know? Yeah. I I think that just the whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:36]

beef sandwich thing is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

a cool idea in the fast food realm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

Yeah. Well, I mean, like brisket. Right? How can you possibly go wrong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

getting brisket? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

So I'm I'm a I'm a fan of the food when I've had it. It's not a go to that I go to. Again, I think primarily because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

of what you said. Right? Like, they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

they just have historically looked filthy. I'm not a big fan of the curly fry even when they're piping hot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

I don't I don't know. Maybe it's a seasoning thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

I like the classic roast beef sandwich,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

you know. The French dip, also pretty good historically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

Arby's Sauce, very good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

I could go either way with Arby's Sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

So and and Arby's Sauce is just a really tangy barbecue sauce. Yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

Arby's Sauce reminds me of in in the Weber Grill book, they have a homemade barbecue sauce recipe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

and that's what that's what it reminds me of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

Maybe that's why it doesn't like blow my mind because I know that I can make it at home, and once you know you can make something at home like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

like it lose some it loses some of its luster. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

Okay. So he's got five guys at number seven. Was trying to remember, you had five guys at number five. Where did I put five guys? I was I was pretty low. Right? I was at number 10. So I think I'm I was trying to remember, have we had anybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

yet who's ranked it above five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

Which actually kinda surprises me, because usually, you like, you find some syncopants of the five guys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

genre of hamburger, and they're just like all in. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

Patty put this Schlotsky's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

I think I think he spelled it wrong when he sent it to us, because he wrote Schlotsky's, but I'm pretty sure Schlotsky's. Schlotsky's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

which which is a deli place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

I I've seen a Slotsky's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

I just don't remember the last time I ate it. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

I question whether or not this has the prevalence

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

in in terms of a chain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

to be called

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

fast food? Like, do you have to have a certain number of franchises

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

in order to be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

fast food? That's my question to you, John. So I was thinking if we were gonna qualify fast food, like, you definitely have to have locations

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

in multiple states. Now what's the minimum number of states? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

I I think it's gotta be like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

four. I I I don't know. Like, it's totally random, but it's gotta be four. Then I think Schlotch is sweet child.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

They don't they don't have a drive through as far as I know, though, because, you know, deli. They're really that spread out? I guess I would not have guessed that There's one in Milwaukee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

Restaurant located. It looks like there's one in Louisville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

So there there is one in my backyard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

relatively speaking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

There's some in Cincinnati.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

What's odd is when I search Google, the Googles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

it lists Cinnabon. I wonder if they're owned by the same parent company. Oh, that could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

I remember I remember seeing them in Chicago. I just don't think I've ever eaten at one. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

I'm I'm fine with this. I'm not familiar with the menu whether or not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

I'm not familiar enough with the menu to be able to ridicule this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

So there are 24 states listed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

So almost half the country.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Wow. That's probably more than Portillo's. So alright. Fair enough. It's it's fast food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

Continue on the list. Patty lists Chick fil A at number five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Again, I think Chick fil A has made a pretty strong presence

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

across the board. It I I don't know I'm I'm gonna a little bit of a spoiler here. I don't know in what world

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

Joe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

Patrick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

and Mark, whose list we have not gotten to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

Sanchez,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

yourself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

and myself would agree

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

about having a restaurant in the top five. Yeah. All all of us put Chick fil A in the top five. Now, none of us put it as number one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

There are a few fives and a few fours. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

and few threes. So but there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Along, In N Out made number four.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

Again, it just didn't leave a lasting impression on me. We've gotta travel somewhere. They're getting closer, Stan. I think they they have some in Florida and Texas now and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

Oh, they've crossed the mountains. I believe so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

Holy cats. Alright. Maybe not. I should check that. Whereas our Yeah. I hire some fact checkers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

Facts are well, listen. Come on. This this is this podcast is all about the fake news. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

alright. Fake fake news here. In N Out Burger has made it across the mountains.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

They're also in Canada and Mexico. I don't know if that's true, but but you heard it first here on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

Patrick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

calls out Whataburger, which I list as an honorable mention. Again, I think this is really a southern thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

which is which is totally fine. Patrick put down Shake Shack,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

which intrigued me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

question whether or not Shake Shack is fast food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

So See, like, is one of the things where we need to do the burgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

Yeah. Oh, well, there's actually a Shake Shack in Indianapolis now. It it recently came. It was completely swamped,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

but the times I've been to Shake Shack, it has been in Atlanta,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

and it's not been fast. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

So Update. I don't know. There are 40 In N Out Burger locations in Texas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

In Texas. Wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

As we come.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

In N Out Burger, we would love to have you in the Midwest. A lot of our people eat beef,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

and we'd like to review your your burgers on the podcast without having to cross mountains. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

bring us the beef.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Yeah. So you've never had Shake Shack, What

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

did I do? I did something in Omaha,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

like smash burger. I did a smash burger in Omaha, but no Shake Shack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

Yeah. You know, smash burger is another one of those that I I guess I would just I I for some reason, lump them together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

don't know that the burgers are actually made the same way. They're probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

yeah. There you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

So then Patty put as his number one, Chipotle. Did we decide is Chipotle fast food or not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

Not officially, but I think pretty much everybody except Joe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

included it on their main list. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

No. Mark didn't. We're gonna get the off?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

It was I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

Culver's bumped it. Yeah. The Culver's. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

I I think that the challenge here is it doesn't have a drive through. I've never seen a Chipotle with a drive through. Which is So if that's a qualifier, which I am not willing I am not willing to say that it is, first of all. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

Because I think there are perfectly fine restaurants that serve food fast that do not have a drive through. Think there are also places that do not consistently have a drive through and I'm not going to discount or disqualify that Alright. From the glory which is fast food because of it. The glory which that's another interesting thing about this discussion is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

a bunch of people will say that fast food is disgusting and unhealthy and it probably is not healthy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

mean, I think it it all depends what what you're gonna order. Right. Right? Like if you go to McDonald's and you decide to supersize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

everything Do they even do that anymore? Double quarter pounder. They definitely Oh, I'm sure they have to. They definitely don't advertise

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

supersizing anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

So there's that documentary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

I don't know that documentary did it. That documentary did not help my love for for McDonald's though. Just like, it was it was gross to watch that guy destroy his body. Yeah. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

you know, it is what it is. But like, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

I think if you take let's just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

let's take the McDouble, right, which only has one slice of cheese. That's what separates it from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

the the double cheeseburger. It's just 400 calories for the sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

Right? Like, that that's a sandwich. That's like if I made a hamburger here, it would probably be 400 or 500 calories. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

Now, you can transfer that to Five Guys, which people have very different opinions about, and you're looking at a 1,200 calorie burger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

right, easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

And and again, similarly, two slices of meat, or slabs of meat, or or whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

processed it is. But I I don't I think the problem is less about McDonald's hamburgers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

and like all the crap that you get with it. Right. Right? So if you again, you go in, you get this unnaturally sized burger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

french fries that that weigh more than your purse,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

it's not a women comment. That's like men men have purses too, like my satchel. If I got french fries, I'll wait more than my satchel. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

but suffice to say, like, you go all out, right, like, yeah, it's it's not gonna be healthy. But the same would be absolutely true if you went to the vegan restaurant and got a a satchel's worth of food and crammed it down as well. Right? So, you know, all things in moderation, folks. I don't think there's anything implicitly wrong with McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

You know, it does have its gastrointestinal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

effects, and and I'm not gonna discount those. But a lot of things do, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

I think Chipotle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

as the more that I thought about this, I think there's an argument to be made that it's not fast food, but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

still stand by. I go in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

and once I make contact with that counter, I'm going to eat in a matter of of maybe a minute or two. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

it short of there being a just purely stupid server on the other side who can't, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

do anything. Like, we're talking about taking a spoon, scooping it in a thing, and dumping it in a Right? That's that's what I that's what I ask them. So it's like something has to be seriously wrong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

with with your ability to function behind that counter for you to not be able to make that fast. Yep. And and the reason that those buckets are filled, right, is because they're constantly preparing their ingredients. They're cooking them right behind you all the time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

and it's good food. I still wonder I really do. I wonder if there is kind of its own category for,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:56]

I think I would call it fast casual chains.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

Fast casual chains. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:03]

pretty comfortable with this stuff. Fast casual chains. I have too much time on my hands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Fast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

casual chains. Folks, you heard it here first, probably not, but we don't fact check on this podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:15]

John is quite We have enough listeners who fact check for us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

Dan Ditches is probably yelling at at the radio right now saying, you jokers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

this was first referenced on some episode of Friends back in 02/2002.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

Mark's list. Mark gave us top five. I there were no surprises here for me. He started off with five guys. He's number five. Jersey Mike's, I was I was very happy to see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

in somebody else's list. Chick fil A, again, everybody, I think, had Chick fil A. Mark likes Culver's a lot. I didn't expect to see Culver's as number Where'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

you have Culver's? You had Culver's at number three, which is also a Dan just had it. I don't think it was in my list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

What alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

What what is it? Is it just a Wisconsin thing or is there something else about Culver's that you really like? So I think it's the fact that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

the butter burgers are really good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:09]

Real cheese, not cheese product.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

the custard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

like Dairy Queen Yeah. You can get really good blizzards,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

but their food not good. That has not appeared on anybody's list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

Do you do you ever get something other than just a straight butter burger? Like, do you get, as an example, the Prinzel Haas pub pub burger?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:35]

I have not had that. No. But I've gotten, like, the hot beef sandwich,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:40]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:41]

I think I've tried most of their sides. There's like a pot roast sandwich or something on there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

What about what about the sourdough melt or the So my dad usually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:51]

would order the sourdough melt,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

and he

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

always liked that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

Alright. Now I what what kind of cheese do you think Culver's puts on their burgers? You can choose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

When I click on the butter burger cheese

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

in this because you have to sit on the cheddar butter burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

The cheddar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

Here here's here's my I so I agree with you. Right? In terms of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

that's the burger I would order. But it looks to me just looking at this menu, and and I'm I'm gonna contest some of your fact checking. Oh, yeah. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

said that they use real cheese. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

they put American cheese on it, which nine times out of 10 is questionable. Right? So I'm gonna just read this list to you. Cultured pasteurized milk and skim milk. So that sounds like that might be real. Cream, milk fat, potassium citrate, contains less than 2% of salt, sodium citrate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

lactic acid, ascorbic acid, apocaronatal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

whatever that is, beta carotene. Colorization,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

John. The color, eyes, their cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

Enzymes, soy lecithin. I don't even know how to say it. And soybean oil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

blend. Oh. Soybean oil blend. So when it says contains milk and soy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

I think here's here's here's a hot take.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

Can you have real cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

if you're involving soy in the making of it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

I do not know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

Yeah. See, I think this is this is a big deal. So you said that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

you you would get cheddar on this. Let me see if I can select. Let me see if I can con

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:34]

contrive one of these. So there's like a cheddar butter burger itself on the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

I don't I don't see that. I'm looking at the menu on culver's.com. I do not see a cheddar butter burger. Interesting. I see a butter burger cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

Maybe they have downgraded your cheddar. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

been a while since I've been there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

I will say looking at the sourdough melt here, this looks like, yes, this the sourdough melt has cheddar cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

then okay. Here we go. This this is real cheese. Listen to this. This is from the ingredient section of the sourdough melt on the cheddar cheese slice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

Cultured pasteurized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

milk. That's good. Not skim milk by the way, milk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

Right? So they're not they're not using any of that watery stuff. Salt,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

enzymes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

and annatto color. I don't know what annatto color is, that doesn't sound good. But contains,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

milk. Milk. There's no soy listed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

So I don't I don't know, man. Maybe something's changed. Maybe you can still get cheddar cheese if you ask for it. But I think you need to probably revisit Culver's and re analyze whether or not The flavor of the day is like midnight toffee or something today. So that sounds pretty delicious. What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

You don't like toffee? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

It's not my first go to, but I I also just I I don't think that's a really good flavor of the day. Do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:47]

I would try it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

What's the what's the other locations?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:52]

Other location,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

dark chocolate decadence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

Dark chocolate decadence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

This does not list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

a flavor of the day. I I clicked that one by me. It doesn't list the flavor of the day. Is that possible? I can't believe that's possible. Which one's by you? Oh my goodness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

Well, I clicked on the Cumberland one. Here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

Flavor of the day is toffee pecan. See, that I would go for because it's got the pecans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

But yeah, John, look at this. This is a crying out tune. This is Cumberland on Washington Avenue. They don't list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

a flavor of the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

I dude, I'm starting to wonder if maybe, just maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

the Culver's of the world are going downhill.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

It says coming soon. Are they they aren't open yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

Oh, that's it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:38]

So, yeah, they don't have a flavor of day if they aren't open. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

they they really should get on top of that. Here this this is what I would do. This is Culver's of Greenwood, caramel chocolate pecan. There you go. Is it pecan or pecan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

Pecan, not pecan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:54]

Alright. That's what you were doing as you were driving across the country during COVID.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

What? Wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

Pee can.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:05]

I don't get it. Peeing in a can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

You're very very clever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:12]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

I think that's original. I feel like we should just end end the podcast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:17]

right now. Did we say Mark's number one was McDonald's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

We didn't. We hadn't gotten there yet. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

I don't know what to make of this. Like So he actually he had qualifiers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:29]

that made sense. It was basically things that were fast and easily available to him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

Yeah. But that's half this list. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:40]

that that's the thing that I don't I don't totally So then, I think it was how often he frequented

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:46]

the place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:47]

Alright. And then that's and McDonald's are so high up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

So, you know, McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

I don't have any problems with the food as I've indicated multiple times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

I think they have superior french fries to pretty much everybody on the scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

And and yes, there was a documentary made about how they will last forever. And I think anecdotally, if you if you stop, take a step back, and you think about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

the last time you found a french fry in a seat of your car. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

When you looked at it, you genuinely could not tell if it was from last week or last year. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

And if you've ever I'm not saying I've done this, but maybe I have, and I'm not ashamed nor proud. If you've ever taken a bite of said french fry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

it genuinely tasted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

just like, you know, a cool off french fry from McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

and it may have been a year old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:39]

And I again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

maybe it's gonna kill me, maybe not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

But it's impressive science nonetheless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

Like like what could survive a nuclear holocaust? Cockroaches and McDonald's french fries. And by the way, only one of those two things tastes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:55]

fantastic. Have you ever had a cockroach?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

Not I've not eaten a cockroach. No. Scorpion?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:02]

No. Have you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:05]

You're just you're just saying that only one of them tastes fantastic, and you haven't done the research. Okay. Alright. Come on. No

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

fact checking, John. No fact checking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

I I will say this, McDonald's has the I think when we think about fast food, right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

Generally speaking, and this is true for me, we think about it through the lens of McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

Right? So something I this is this is I've been waiting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

This is why we did Mark's number one last. I've been waiting to get to this point. I think that if you wanna know what fast food is, it has to have the general characteristics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

of McDonald's. Right? Which means it has a representation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:46]

across many states in in the union.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

Ideally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

a global presence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:52]

Food is served

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

pretty fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

It's pretty consistent from place to place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

and it's not awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:59]

And I do think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

by and large, most McDonald's, and here here we go, most McDonald's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

have a drive through. Yep. Now, there's some that don't. Right? If you go into the Walmart, that McDonald's doesn't have a drive through. Airport. Does that make that McDonald's not fast food? Yeah. Airport. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

Those places do not make those McDonald's not fast food, which is why you can indeed have fast food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

without a drive through. Now, the fact that I've never seen a Chipotle without a drive through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:26]

I don't know what to do with that. But we'll we'll embrace it. We'll embrace it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

I I think the other thing that is is worthy of McDonald's being on everybody's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

list. Right? Every it should be on everybody's top 10 list is that you go back to the qualifier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

for somewhere

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

or nowhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:46]

And you live in nowhere if there's not a McDonald's within five miles of your house. But you live somewhere. Granted, it may not be a good place. It may not be a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

enjoyable place, but you live somewhere

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:57]

if you can get to McDonald's within five miles.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:00]

So what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:01]

does this say for our friends, Joe and Patrick?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

Oh, yeah. They didn't put McDonald's on the list at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

Alright. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:13]

How are we four Sorry for almost forty five minutes into this episode?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

I don't know. It's it's amazing. This is this is better than grilled cheese, honestly. Yeah. I guess I guess we have to disqualify. Now, in Joe's defense, he only gave us top five. True. Maybe if he'd gone to 10, it would work down. But Patrick, there's no excuse for this. I don't know. Schlotsky's and you didn't have McDonald's? Really? Come on. I don't know. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

Totally totally messing with my my mojo. I didn't think he liked Whataburger, by way. I didn't think he did either. When when he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

he responded in the text message about Whataburger, it was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

you know? I think he even just said it's an okay burger. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:50]

Like, how does an okay burger make your What top does what does he get? Does he get does he get chicken from Whataburger? Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

See, here's the thing. I take a serious issue. If you call your place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:01]

whatever, burger. Right? So like John's burger Or Five Guys Burger. Or Steve's burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:08]

If you walk in there and you get something other than a burger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

right, you really should just go to a different restaurant. Yeah. This comes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:15]

in when you taught me that I shouldn't flip past the first page of the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:21]

Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:22]

And and now somebody might be saying, well, Stan, then why would a place like Whataburger serve chicken? Or why would Five Guys and Fries serve a hot dog? And there's one simple answer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:33]

When you have a family, like I do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

and you decide I want a hamburger, and you go to a place like Five Guys and Fries. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:41]

You are invariably tethered to the rest of your constituents in your house or some might call them a family. Right? Some might call them dependents.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:50]

And depending upon their level of quirkiness, and sometimes their age is a factor here too, they're not gonna eat a hamburger. Right? And so so Five Guys and Fries has not put the hot dog on the menu for you to walk through the door and order. They've put the hot dog on the menu so that when you walk in and you wanna order that hamburger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:09]

you can appease Two year old. The six year old who doesn't eat hamburgers. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:12]

Yeah. And same is true with Whataburger. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:16]

so I think the same could even be said Portillo's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:20]

with their Bartelli's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

salads, which I think are pretty good. But again, you're not supposed to walk through the door and order those. Right? That's for your health conscious friend who doesn't appreciate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:30]

the greasy beauty which is Italian beef.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:35]

We're in full agreement here, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

Wow. That's a first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:39]

Maybe not a first. Maybe when it comes to food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:43]

We've yeah. We've that's a level of specificity that I'm surprised you're embracing. But anyhow, that's top top 10 list, top five lists. If if you, dear listener, have feedback, I would strongly encourage you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

to tweet, email. Apparently, John's on Facebook still.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:58]

Instagram,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

whatever it is that floats your boat or sinks your ship. Find a way to get us your list,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

and we'll at the very least provide you with feedback, and maybe if it's controversial enough, we'll even talk about it can you build a snap so our listeners can contact us through the app?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:14]

I I could. I don't know that the app store would approve that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:18]

yeah. That's that's fair. What we need to come up with, John, is enough levels of engagement for an app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:23]

that we could accompany Hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:25]

Could have weekly top 10 lists.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:28]

Oh, don't tease me. We could we could get our listeners, they can submit their top 10 list for a discussion through the app too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:36]

Alright. Well I'll start building out some requirements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:41]

And we just have to find a graphic designer. Right. Alright. Before we wrap it up, John, you're coming to town. I am coming to town via Louisville,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:49]

apparently. Originally, that was gonna be reversed. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:52]

I don't I don't get I think if you reverse it, you could spend some time with Mark and Susan though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:58]

Right? Like but then I wouldn't be there for the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:01]

Oh oh, but yeah. Okay. That's not negotiable. I bought I bought way too many fireworks. I mean, we we've got between my neighbor and I, we probably have close to a 100 shells that we're gonna launch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:12]

So this is gonna be legit. I think thank goodness that missus Kolmeier does not listen to the podcast because I want her to be so surprised when she gets here with your dog who has never heard fireworks. Right? Correct. He was born after the July 4 last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:25]

Alright. Alright. Well, maybe you heard him in utero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:29]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:32]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:33]

we're gonna have a good time. We're gonna smoke some meat. We've got a brisket ordered from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:37]

one of the the butcher shops here in town. We've got a couple of pork shoulders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

I am trying to think of sides that missus Kolmeier would like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:46]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:47]

I we always make mac and cheese. I but she's not big on gluten right now. Right. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:53]

So the question is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:54]

would you, not her, would you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:57]

eat chickpea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:59]

pasta, macaroni,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:01]

and cheese?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:02]

I don't see why not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:04]

Okay. Alright. Well In mac and cheese, you don't really taste the pasta anyway, do you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:08]

You're not supposed to. Like, that's actually I mean, I I don't know that we really wanna go into this right now, John. But if you're eating mac and cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:15]

and you taste the pasta,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:17]

you do not have enough cheese. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:19]

There's also the whole thing about the ratio of other ingredients to to pasta. I think we've covered that before. Cover that. Yeah. That's somewhere around the grilled cheese upload. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:31]

We're gonna brew beer. Do while you're here. Because that's on your list. We are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:34]

Yes. It is. It's on my New Year's resolution list. In 2021, I want to. Right. We are going to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:43]

do a wine taste test. We both brewed the same wine kit. We didn't brew. We both fermented the same wine kit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:50]

There you go. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:52]

And we will have all these things to report on in the post July 4 episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:57]

Right? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:59]

think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:01]

I don't know when we're recording next. At some point in the future, folks. We're gonna record

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:06]

before then. So sixth, we will not talk about that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:10]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:11]

the following episode, we will.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:14]

Okay. There you go. So something something I look forward to dear listener is the assessment of brewing beer, fermenting wine, and comparing contrasting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:23]

July 4 celebration at the Lemon household, and how John's dog Taliesin survived.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:29]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:31]

Alright. My friend, I think that's about as good of episodes we could hope for. Indeed. Hopefully, people stuck with us for two episodes on fast food, which when we started this podcast, I would have never guessed we would talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:42]

Nope. Can't say this was on my radar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:44]

Alright, my friend. Until next time. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Go get a vaccine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:05]

Alright, Stan. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:07]

Loki Yep. This week

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:10]

Episode three. Episode three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:12]

I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:13]

concerned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:15]

Yeah. This this rattled me because I enjoyed well, first the first episode was fantastic. Second episode was pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:22]

Third third episode was a dud. Yeah. It really kinda was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:26]

I personally blame the lack of Owen Wilson appearance in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:31]

I I think that is a legitimate factor. Honest honest to goodness, I think that's a legitimate factor because part of what I've enjoyed in the first two episodes has been the dynamic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:40]

between Lightning McQueen and Loki. Yep. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:44]

I I I don't know, man. There was zero Owen Wilson.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:48]

We got a lot of Lady Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:51]

but almost no depth to her character. Like, I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:56]

I don't understand Lady Loki yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:59]

I I don't get it either. I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:02]

there was an opportunity in this episode in particular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:05]

to speak because again, we ended last episode with Loki following her through the portal or whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:11]

to a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:13]

apparently a doomsday event, an apocalyptic event,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:16]

and and she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:18]

didn't really tell us anything about herself. I I also quite frankly, I'm getting a little tired of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:24]

whiny Loki who is mourning the loss of his mother. And, yes, that's very insensitive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:29]

But we had a whole movie where that was, like, front and center. Right? And we've we've been itching at that ever since. I don't need to spend more time in this episode on that. Yep. To be fair, this is very unlucky, so it's all new to him. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:43]

Well yeah. But he's like, we had it in the last video, right, where he saw or the last video. The last episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:49]

where he saw the the event. Right. So, like, let that be the last time. Come on. We'll let's I don't need to carry this through six episodes or whatever it is that we're gonna get.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:59]

I think it's six episodes. Right? I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:02]

I just if that's true, that means they squandered one sixth of this show. Yeah. Like, that's not enough episodes for them to be This definitely should have been a character development episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:13]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:15]

Lady Logie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:17]

Yep. And Yep. Like, they explore some different variant type stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:22]

but not overly deeply.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:25]

Yeah. In fact, I think the one really valuable thing in my opinion that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:31]

they cover, that they revealed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:33]

was that the individuals in the TVA, so presumably Owen Wilson's character, but but also the guard that Lady Loki captured,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:41]

are actually variants. Yep. And so up to this point, we've been led to believe that they were created

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:46]

by the timekeepers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:47]

and only existed in the TVA. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:50]

Yeah. Which seems like a big deal. But it was also kinda like a fart in the wind comment. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:55]

Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. So like I feel like there was a bunch of stuff that I missed in episode two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:02]

And in this one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:04]

it was kind of boring, honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:07]

It was. The so one of the things I I think I texted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:11]

you about was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:13]

when Lamentis, which is the planet that we spend most of this episode on, when Lamentous is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:20]

there's stuff raining from the sky and they're making their way to the ark, it just seemed gratuitous. Yep. Like, was it was so excessive, the amount of running around trying to avoid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:30]

rocks from the sky,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:31]

and apparently, security guards honestly not well defined either. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:36]

And this is after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:37]

a kind of superfluous train ride. Right? The train was cool, but they got kicked out of it Yeah. Because Loki gets drunk and starts singing. Yeah. Pretty much. Well, while lady Loki's asleep, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:50]

again, not really consistent with Loki's character either. They made such a big deal about these tickets for people to get on the ark,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:58]

and I don't know why.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:02]

Right. Yeah. I mean, was just like Hard to go to the ark then. This is a fixed event,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:07]

an Armageddon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:09]

and like anything they do won't change. And then they just keep keep talking about these tickets for these people to get on the ark to escape and the ark never escapes. So I don't know what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

the point of that was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:22]

So one of the things that bothered me about the train,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:25]

this this Loki getting drunk and singing thing happens after he again talks about his dead mother to Lady Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:32]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:33]

And so so the Loki that we get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:37]

as he's reflecting on this news is pitiful and pathetic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:42]

and just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:43]

I don't know, having like jovial trouble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:46]

But but we know that when Loki gets the news that his mother is dead,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:51]

he loses control with anger and rage because we see it in dark world. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:57]

and I think that's I think that's been my biggest problem here because this Loki is not the Loki we had in Dark World. Also not the Loki we had in Ragnarok,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:06]

but but I think this is a really clear place to juxtapose the two because they're essentially absorbing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:12]

or or contemplating the same event and having very different results. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:18]

So that stunk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:21]

Then this episode ends, they they can't get off lamentous. Right. The arc is destroyed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:27]

and that's it. That's where it ends. Like the episode just very abruptly ends. Which means

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:31]

timekeepers are gonna come, and somehow they get back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:36]

Yeah. You think so? Or they they're gonna discover maybe Owen Wilson will show up and have discovered where they're at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:43]

We've got that one so there's this at the start of this episode, there is a fight scene that happens in TVA headquarters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:49]

near

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:50]

an elevator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:51]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:52]

Lady Loki thinks that that will take her to the Timekeepers. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:56]

I thought that could have been really Absolutely could have. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:58]

But Yeah. But then It goes they zapped out of Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:03]

Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:03]

you got Loki hiding what do they call it? The ten ten bim or I don't even know what it's called. The the little controller Alright. That lets them zap through Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:13]

And then look what he sits on it. Well, when he gets thrown out out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:16]

of the train, he lands on it and it breaks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:19]

Which means that's the only reason they threw him out of the train.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:22]

That's just stupid. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:24]

if if you're gonna if you're gonna damage this thing, do it in a meaningful way, not having Loki thrown out of a train for singing a song and landing on his bum. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:34]

And like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:37]

should be a pretty big deal that you got two Loki variants who are trapped with no way nowhere to go,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:43]

but they do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:45]

next to nothing with that. So They they really don't. They really don't. And and I granted, like, planet's gonna get wiped off the face of the universe or whatever, and so I guess none of it matters ultimately. But still,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:56]

yeah. Like, capitalize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:57]

on the the cleverness, the mischievousness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:01]

of the god of mischief. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:04]

I also I think they they teased a little bit of the differences between the two Lokis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:10]

from the Yeah. From the two different timelines. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:12]

But, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:14]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:16]

not enough contrasting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:18]

to really understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:19]

the difference in these characters, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:22]

I think Patty made a comment in one of our our chats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:26]

that part of this was to show that the same character in different verses

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:31]

have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:32]

different powers. Right? Which is a big deal from for Spider Man. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:38]

I I took away with it from this that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:42]

Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:43]

of of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:45]

where's Earth? Six three six? What's what's the Earth that's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:48]

primary Earth?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:50]

And this is a Patrick question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:53]

Yeah. It's Earth or six six thirty six, I'm pretty sure. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:59]

Or is it 616?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:00]

Oh, my gosh. What is the main universe in Marvel?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:03]

Yeah. It's six sixteen. Gosh. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I I don't know if Dan just cares about these details, but there's numbers for different earths. Right? So so the the primary Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:14]

has the ability to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:16]

like, hide stuff and project imagery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:19]

Right? And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:21]

Lady Loki from whatever verse she comes from has the ability to like Jedi mind trick you. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:29]

But like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:30]

just again, not enough not enough depth there. I want more. So I agree.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:35]

Yeah. And I think all of this so like I wasn't overly impressed with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:40]

Hiddleston's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:41]

performance either. I think that he did what he could, but I think that part of it's the sad Loki that you were seeing because he's always at his best when he's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:52]

thinks that he's outsmarted everybody around him Loki.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:55]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:57]

Yeah. He peoples off a good clever Loki. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:01]

And and a good rage Loki Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:06]

I I I don't know, man. I I don't I wasn't as critical I think of Hiddleston as you were, but I I do recognize that the material he was given

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:15]

was subpar at best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:19]

Yeah. Alright, Marvel. If you're listening, because I know you listen to all these non Marvel podcasts like Life with a Twisted Lemon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:25]

you got three episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:27]

Don't screw this up.
