---
title: Goodr Sunglasses and Home Improvement
episode: 97
date: 2020-08-27T21:53:03.000Z
slug: goodr-sunglasses-and-home-improvement/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  Stan Lemon discusses his lawn care routine with John, including aerating,
  dethatching, and overseeding. They also talk about their recent purchases,
  such as Scotts lawn care products and AirPod Pros, and debate the quality of
  these items. Additionally, they mention Apple's iOS 14 updates and their
  implications for audio direction.
keywords:
  - lawn care routine
  - aerating
  - dethatching
  - overseeding
  - Scotts lawn care products
  - AirPod Pros
  - iOS 14
  - audio direction
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So what do you think, John? How how do these new sunglasses look?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

You look like you're on a mission.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

I'm on a mission? A mission from God? A mission from God. You look like a Blutz brother.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

It's a good thing you identified that because I I don't know that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

I mean, I don't know. Maybe this is me being silly, but would everybody know that Blues Brothers reference?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:45]

Everybody, probably not. The majority of our listeners would. Anna will now because when we were in Louisville, as you recall from a couple episodes ago,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

they watched the blues blues brothers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

Really? They didn't. Was the first time she'd ever seen it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

Okay. Well, shame on Mark, her dad, for not having her watch that sooner. But why why did you watch that while you were in Louisville? I don't know. They were watching movies the whole time. So we started off with Napoleon Dynamite, which I still hold as a terrible movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

I've never seen it. Okay. Don't waste your time. Alright. What else do we watch? We watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

what was it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

Mark is not gonna like me for this. It was some other eighties movie. That was cheesy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

I'm trying to remember. There are two Blues Brothers movies. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

is there Are two or are there three? I thought there were. Well, I'm not counting the Blues Brothers 2,000 or whatever it is. No. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

Is it in the first one when the gas station blows up? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Okay. So a little bit of trivia for you. That what so, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

these guys are from Chicago. Right? So Of course. There's there's a whole bunch of Chicago taking place in that in that movie. And that gas station that blows up is actually in my hometown or was. I mean, it's not there anymore. Good old West Chicago. Did it actually blow up?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

Yeah. Yeah. No. No. They I I mean, like, I think it legit blew up. So Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

As those are the days before CGI, of course, had to blow up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

I don't know if that's true, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

these sunglasses, they look okay? They do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

I had a hard time finding sunglasses, John. Got a wide head as you know. The lemon head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

Yeah. And there's there's like cheap sunglasses

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

and super expensive sunglasses,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

but there's not a lot right there in the middle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

And and what I wanted badly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

I you probably I don't know. Do you pay any attention to sunglasses? You're not really much of a style guy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

No. So I wear sunglasses,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

especially when weed whacking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

and they are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

those plastic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

ones that Bluehost gave out at the last word camp I was at. Oh, man. The other pair of sunglasses that I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:04]

are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

some from a higher things conference that Concordia Irvine was handing out. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

on that note,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

so I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

I have always liked Ray Ban glasses, but they're expensive. Like, they're not they're not cheap. Right? And I was not a 100% confident on what kind of width issues I'd be getting into. And then I started looking at reviews, and they were pretty universally, you know, terrible, at least on Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

But the old Ray Ban Wayfarers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

are just a, in my opinion, a beautiful pair of sunglasses. And I started looking around. I think I might have even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

this might have been a wire cutter recommendation actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

Because, you know, I I I default to the wire cutter whenever I can,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

but, these are gooders, g o o d r.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

Yeah. These are best shoes sunglasses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

Oh, good. Yeah. You're very very funny, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

I try.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

Yeah. So our favorite way Wayfarer style sunglasses according to the New York Times wire cutter is Goodr, g o o d r.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

And I highly recommend these. I'm I'm just unplugging them for no reason. They're not sponsoring us anything like that. But It looks alright. I'd like some,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

blue lenses rather than just your standard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

black. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

I so I wanted just I wanted just black. These are like a a gray

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

frame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

They've got some other other colored lenses. You could check them out. I'm gonna actually order a second pair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

Really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

How often do wear sunglasses?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

Well, I mean, quite a bit. Yeah. Whenever I go outside, I mean, don't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

Not whenever I go outside, but if I'm gonna be outside for a extended period of time, I will. I don't wear any when I'm driving because I always have my actual glasses on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

Yeah. I don't I don't wear sunglasses when I drive either for the exact same reasons. But, no, this this time of the year, if I step outside, I put on sunglasses. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

had I I had been using a pair of Tafosis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

that I got for bicycling, and they were great except

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

the they had, like rubber,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

I don't know, like sleeves or something over the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

the side. Slip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

off your head. Yeah. And they were, like, just falling apart. And I found that the lenses actually chipped

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

pretty easily. So I had a couple of incidents where I fell off the bike

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

and the sunglasses came loose. So, anyway Alright. I digress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:30]

But so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

Enough about me, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

How is how is life in Cedar Rapids?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

You get that that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

skylight fixed yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

Not fixed. It is still tarped.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

There is a roofer coming out tomorrow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

to check out square footage and such,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

progress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

And Okay. My adjuster came out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

Was that just yesterday? That was only yesterday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

On Monday, the adjuster came out and spent an hour and a half of time here

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:05]

looking at my damage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

And I actually have two checks on the way, one for the actual cash value

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

of my damage

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

for to the property and the other for the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

actual cash value of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

my personal property that I lost. So bed and food in the refrigerator.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

So both those checks are now on the way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

Nice. And so that's probably the first phase of this. You're gonna start getting other bills and submit those and kinda work through all that, I imagine. Yeah. So the way that my policy is written, the actual cash value

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:44]

basically what they estimated at. So that is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:48]

what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

the value of the item that was damaged. So the value of the roof is minus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:55]

but but depreciated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

So the roof was depreciated ten years, and pretty much everything else was depreciated ten years. So lowball, it will cost me more to replace it and get it back up to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

what it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

the the replacement of your roof, I'm assuming the insulation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

the drywall, the paint, the stuff in it. What about your gutters?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

Yeah. So gutters, soffits,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

fascia board,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

all that. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

So are you when you get gutters, are you gonna replace all the gutters or just a stretch of them? Like, have you thought about that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

So for sure, I would have to replace the ones in front.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

The back one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

can probably be repaired,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

but we'll see how things work out. I don't think I realized that you had damage to the back. I mean, if you wind up getting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

your gutters replaced, I I I recommend the extra wide gutters. I hear that they Extra wide. Yeah. Are well situated for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

roofs of your size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

I actually don't know anything about gutters. I don't know what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

the extra wide ones would do besides provide a bigger target for a tree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

I mean, they they probably help your gutter guy with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

Yeah. His next vacation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

No. But but if you do go down the gutter route, one thing I do actually recommend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

you you have to clean your gutters up periodically. Right? Yeah. Usually, two, three times a year. Okay. Although, now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

trees half the tree canopy is gone, so that shouldn't be as big of an Maybe not as much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

The the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

kind of gutters that you can get the the netting I don't even know what called. It's not netting. It's because it's rigid. They're just gutter covers, aren't they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

Yeah. I guess. I bet There's a whole bunch of different kinds. Yeah. And I I should've taken a picture of what I had and see more because those were those were, like, legitimately good. They they helped a lot. I highly recommend those. So And now you don't have to worry about it at least for another seventy years. Yeah. I got I got no trees. There's nothing getting in my gutters. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

alright. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

have you started the air conditioning up with that big hole in your roof? So I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:08]

It got up. Try and resist it, weren't you? I resisted as long as I could, and then it got up to 98 degrees

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

Sunday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:19]

I caved, and basically what I did was I closed up the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

vent register in there. There's no return register in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

when we ripped out the carpet, I took the vent cover off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

So I put some duct tape over the actual opening in the floor, put the register back, and made sure that was closed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

And we've been keeping the door closed with a blanket on at the bottom of the door.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

So I'm doing everything I can. But So now you you have an ecobee or do you have a nest? I can't remember. It's an ecobee. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

Okay. So have you happened to look at the runtime report to see if it's running more often?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:03]

So it's definitely running more often because it's 98 degrees outside. Well yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

But I I'm just wondering if you can compare it to another period of time and where it was, you know, comparable outside. So, yeah, this is my first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

I'm coming up on my first full year with the thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

So I don't have a ton of historic data,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

I have, like, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

smart whatever turned on. So it should give me all the data going forward. It has definitely been running a lot, and that's between trees being gone and being 98 degrees outside and missing a whole bunch of insulation in my roof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

It'll be able to see how much your electric bill shoots up as a result of that. Yeah. I mean, my electric bill is pretty high last month

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

because we ran the air so much. But And you you don't do the budget plan. Right? I do not. No. So I thoroughly enjoy when my electric bills are $30 a month. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

I mean, the thing with the budget plan, right, is it it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

evened out across the whole year. So the other thing that's weird with my utility bills is, like, water, trash,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:16]

and whatever else is on that bill

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

is every other month. So that's not every month. So I basically set

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:25]

utility budget line just so it covers any month. And then at the end of the month, when I have extra leftover, I just add it to savings for the following month. So Okay. Well, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

Have you done any research on a replacement bed for that bedroom yet? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

Alright. I'm really curious to see where you land. I odds are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

it's gonna be like the $40 mattress from Wayfair or Amazon or something. But the Right. I'm hope I'm holding out hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

that you'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

get something really nice for your guest room

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

in case a guest would come to visit you. Are you and missus Lemon gonna come vacation in Iowa?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

Not on a $40 Wayfair mattress. We're not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

So I don't know if we talked about this on the podcast, but we bought

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

a new mattress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

It might have been back in January or February,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

and I went with the Nectar mattress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

Nectar. I don't even know what Nectar is. I remember you mentioning this. So they're basically a Casper competitor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:29]

so far is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

what you'll do? Now, why did you go Nectar as opposed to Purple. On purple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Yeah. Because I'm cheap, Stan. Okay. So No. Actually, I lots of research

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

like, virtually, there was no difference between nectar and Casper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

I didn't go purple because I was cheap, and sometimes I regret that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

Sometimes with regards to the mattress or just in general? Sometimes with regard to I didn't go purple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:02]

Okay. Alright. Mattress just because the technology in the bed is cool, but I've been sleeping alright and sometimes it gets a little warm. That's the thing for with us. Heavier people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

sink into the memory foam and then you're kinda cocooned in there so it can get warm. And I'm a hot sleeper as it is. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

The things we didn't know about John Kolmeier. Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

I am not a memory foam fan at all. I would prefer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

just a really, really firm traditional mattress, which is what we have actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:34]

What do you have in your guest room? You just bought an Amazon mattress. No. That's the $40 Wayfair mattress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

It's a it's actually not that bad. I I make fun of it, but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

it it as far as I can tell, nobody's really complained about it. I have slept on it. Slept on it. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I've had no problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

Yep. So, you know, it's not a high traffic mattress by any stretch, So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

you know, that that probably is a factor as well. Replace a $40 mattress every five years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

Yeah. I mean and I think that's the thing. Right? Like, except in your case, with a guest mattress, you don't necessarily need to go to the nines because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

you're, you're not gonna have somebody sleeping at all the time. But in your case, need to make sure you have a nice nice mattress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

At least if you're gonna come visit. Yeah. I slept on a sleep number once for a while. I didn't care for that either. I I don't know what it is, but I'm I just like a good firm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

traditional mattress. I'm I'm I'm weird like that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

the one that was in there was a traditional mattress with pillow top on it. I don't even know if they do pillow tops anymore. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They do pillow tops, and I do not like pillow tops. I do not have a pillow top on my current mattress. You don't sleep with a pillow either, do you, Stan? No. I I do. I do. Okay. Yeah. I I thought you didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

For a while, I tried without, and for a while, I did a super thin mat or, pillow. I've tried a bunch of different things. I've got I I'd have to look up what it's called. I've I've I've experimented a lot with pillows. I wouldn't say I'm necessarily satisfied with the pillow I have. I think pillows are just hard in general. So So my dad got a MyPillow, I think they're called. Yeah. Loves one of those. Yeah. I like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

Nope. Not a fan. Try it. I don't know if I could spend $50 on a pillow or whatever it is. Well, that's the thing. We we got ours as a gift and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

I mean, teach teach his own, but I I was not sold. Also, isn't there like a ton of scandals surrounding MyPillow these days? I have no idea. Yeah. I think there's there's a whole bunch of craziness there. What I have now is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

extreme comforts hypoallergenic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

adjustable thickness cool flow bamboo shredded memory foam pillow for sleeping back side stomach sleepers king-size made in USA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

That's that's literally the title on Amazon. So Still $40?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

No. It's 60. This one was 60. But I was king-size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:51]

you could get the standard for 50. That's a king-size bed in that room?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

In in the master? Yeah. Oh, in the master. I thought you were still talking about master. Okay. Yeah. That's a that's a queen in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

I just think it's a queen. I really don't know, John. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

think it's a queen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

You know how often I've gone in there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

Never. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah, pretty much. Like, to put the bed in there, that was it. When the vacuum cleaner gets stuck in there? Yeah. Think I'm scared of vacuum cleaner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

while you're trying to repair your world,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

I got a new deck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

You did. It looks beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

I need to drink a beer on that one. You'll allow me in close proximity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

Well, I mean, you can you can be on the deck six feet away. You just I just go to the bathroom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

You've you've got one tree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

I got one tree. Or or in the back of the subdivision,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

there's usually an outhouse around the construction. So that's always an option. Then won't you let me come back and be on your deck?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

Yeah. You could be on my deck just six feet away. It'd be fine. I've I've let people sit on my deck porch, sit and have a beer with me. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

Unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

they live closer than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

six hours away. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

But no, it's it's been nice, man, because I haven't had like, we've not been able to use the backyard and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

it just in in the sense of like there's no place to just hang out. Right. I got my grill back there, I got the smoker back there, I've used both of them Nice. Since they've been back there. It is so much more convenient to walk out of the dining room onto the porch with, you know, my grilling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

than to be pulling my grill out of the garage Yep. And Which you have done for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

since you moved to Seymour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

Well, that's true. Yeah. Seymour

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

Seymour was a little bit of a different situation there just than how it was set up, but, yeah, I did it the whole time I was there. I'm not proud of that. Actually, technically did that in Saxonburg too because we didn't have a deck there either. I thought it was on, like, that concrete slab that you extended next to the garage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

I mean, I kept it stored in the I kept it stored in the garage. So I just I was constantly wheeling it around. Although, this grill I have now, I did not have in Saxonburg,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

so there's that. But I got a proper deck. It's got a pergola.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

I got some nice big wide open stairs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

and, I'm I'm now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

in the process of waiting for various pieces of furniture to come in. We've got a big gold table and chairs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

and, we we got two rockers, and I've got a propane

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

fire pit coming. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:26]

Yeah. Like one of those ring ones, or does it sit up on an edge or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

It's, I mean, it looks like a traditional fire pit. Right? It's like kinda boxy. It's squared.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

And, the propane tank actually can go underneath it, so it's not that high up. Yeah. It's got like a lava rock thing going on the top. I don't know. It looks nice. Missus Lemon liked it. That's There you go. That's really all that matters. Fire steam.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

I I do. I do. I you know what, though? I'm this is the first time I've had a propane fire pit like this. We've done, like, a like, you know, when you could put wood in. I'm actually looking forward to this because I would love to be able to have an outdoor fire like that without necessarily

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

having to smell a campfire all the time. Yeah. That's fair. So Yeah. Do you have any of those,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

rope lights on order yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

Actually, missus Lemon this is a funny story. Missus Lemon bought,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

lights. They're incandescent bulbs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

on on a rope. There's there's a 100 feet of them, and we got them hung up. And they do a wonderful job illuminating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

the deck. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

they use up more energy than my entire office does. They use more energy than my office plus the big screen television does. With the, Mac Pro in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

Yeah. With the Mac Pro in it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

I saw the spike on because I've got that sense energy monitor. When I saw the spike, I didn't believe it at first. So we tried it a few times. It's like it's like 600 watts, just shy of 600 watts of juice that it used. Do they make an LED version?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

I'm sure they do. I'm sure they do. But we're we're invested. Those things are hung like it is what it is now. Nice. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

did replace the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

the outside light, the the normal backlight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

And this was interesting because I kept thinking to myself, like, I don't I only have one outlet outside on the back of the house. Right. And and then a second one would be really nice, you know? Especially since one of them is gonna be occupied by the the lights themselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

And so I went looking for a light fixture that had an outlet, and there it was surprisingly slim pickings. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

But I did find one, the GFCI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

and, on it, which is great. I got two additional outlets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

While I was putting it on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

it had these absolutely stupid little decorative,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

nuts for the screws that hold it in place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

And I dropped one, and it went right through the crack in the deck.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

And I was sitting there thinking to myself, like, how am I gonna get that? Right? So Yeah. I looked at Henry. Yeah. It's definitely I said, Hank, I need you to go get this. And he walked over, and he looked under the deck, and he goes, no. I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

And, I said, well, what if I give you a dollar? He goes, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

So he started crawling under the deck, and he got maybe three or four feet in, and he goes, no, daddy. It's not worth it. I'm coming back. And I was like, no. No. No. Hold up. Hold up. Hold up. What about $5?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

I'm going in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

He beelined it all the way to the far end of the deck. This deck is is about 20 feet wide,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

the stretch that he was crawling. And he,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

it was it was a little muddy, but he,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

you know, fished around. He found it, came out, managed to not get a cut of any sort, you know, or scratch anything up, gave it to me, and then I, promptly put $5

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

into his rooster money account,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

which he he almost couldn't believe that I was gonna do, but it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

was worth it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

Nice. So you should send me a link to this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

because I've been looking at replacing mine. I do have an outlet right by the light in the back, but that is the only outlet on the exterior of my house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

Okay. Yeah. This I mean, you have to see if you can find it if it's still available because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

the one that I ordered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

I mean, this has been I feel like this has just been my luck lately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

I go to, like, buy something, and it's slim pickings. And then when it finally does come

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:24]

available,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

I've gotta, like, order rapid fire. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

Had the same thing happened with desks for the kids, which I've been looking at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

I for what feels like forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

They they popped back into stock, and I sprung for it. Okay. This is a Hampton Bay mission style black with bronze highlight outdoor wall lantern with built in electrical outlet GFCI.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

They're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:49]

just going for lots of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

SEO keywords in that title, aren't they? I guess, man. I'd like nobody names anything simple anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

But but I think if you if you just search in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

outdoor wall light GFCI,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

you'll find what you're looking for. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

But, yeah, not I just was surprised that this isn't a more common

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

kinda setup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

So Does it give off a decent amount of light?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

I I think so. It's I mean, it's a single incandescent there. It's a 60 watt, equivalent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

But So you put one of your daylight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

bulbs in there? No. No. No. No. No. No. So missus like that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

No. No. It's not a bad idea, though. Missus Lemon was opposed to using a daylight bulb on the backside of the house. I actually have them on the front,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

but, she want them on the back. They would not have gone well with the light bulbs that she's got, the the truly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

Soft white. Non energy efficient. Yellow. Yeah. But it's they're it's more yellowish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

this is actually the first time I've ever used a LED that the energy company gave me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

it happens to blend in. But, yeah, this gives off a good amount of of, light,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

and I think the fixture itself does a better job than the kinda default builder grade fixture that was on the back of there originally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

I'm I'm actually thinking I might buy another one of these and put it on I've got that door off the side of the garage just to get an outlet over there. I mean, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

the this is just too convenient not to do, I think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:21]

does the light have to be on in order for the outlet to work?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

Yeah. That's the downside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

Christmas lights.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

yeah. Yeah. That's actually, that's a really good idea, especially for that side light, John. Yep. Oh my. Oh my.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:37]

No. I I actually like the look of these too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

Yeah. They're not they're not ugly. Right? And that's kinda what I was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

the other thing that I noticed is that it hangs down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

And if you remember the light on the back of my house,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

there was not enough room to clear before it hit the soffit, so they decided to install it upside down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

Yeah. This is so weird. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

I've been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

periodically looking for something, and this might actually win.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

Yeah. Your your whole setup there was a, like, electrical fire hazard waiting to happen. Just wait until there's a hole in a roof, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

you have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:17]

no idea

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

the crazy things that you find out about your house. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

yeah, I I recommend it. Give it a shot. You know, if you get one, let me know. I should get a referral from that. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

Something like that. If you send me a referral link, they're on Amazon. You can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

No. I could not find this on Amazon. Well, you know my luck with Amazon lately crying out loud. Yeah. And I did, this is the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

the second time I've done Home Depot's curbside pickup. Maybe this is the first I did one other time at Lowe's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

I have had really great experiences thus far with curbside pickup just in terms of, like, the contactless drop off. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

So I, you know, placed order online and and drove in the next morning. I got a text message saying it was ready. I didn't even have to call in. When I pulled up, I texted a number, and they came out and dropped it right back in the car. Didn't have to get out. None of that. That's awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Yeah. Same thing at Lowe's too, actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

Yeah. So I tend to go to Lowe's more often just because it's five miles closer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

yeah. The one time we went to Menards, Menards doesn't have a roof right now. But Woah. Really? The the the roof was gone? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

Yeah. Man, that's gotta be one heck of an insurance claim.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

Especially considering we got two and a half inches of rain. So I guess it depends on when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

the roof came off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

But Now have you had any rain since the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

the damage?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:45]

Significant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

not even measurable amounts of rain. It has rained

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

hard enough so that I could hear the raindrops falling on the tarp. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

It's kind of a nice sound, isn't it? Yeah. Except

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

you're super anxious because you're afraid the tarp wasn't installed correctly. I did end up basically redoing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

the tarp installation after that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

Alright. You've got it over the the top of the house. Right? Over the the apex? Yep. Okay. So I got now I got one tarp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:19]

it's over the apex and what? It's 18 by 20 or something like that. So a giant tarp,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

and it covers all of the major spots right down over the edge of the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

Yeah. The the important thing is always to make sure you get over that that apex of the house because otherwise, water's gonna run right underneath it. Yep. And yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

So good times. Good times. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

I'm curious. How's your grass look? Have you mowed it yet? So I mowed the grass,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

mostly just to clean up debris. It hasn't been growing a lot because we've been in such a drought.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:53]

So I mowed it, and then I actually sprayed a bunch of my,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

soil products on there. So liquid aerate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

root growth stimulant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

And what was the third one that I sprayed? Alright. Or humic twelve, so humic acid,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

basically to unlock

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

the nutrients that are in the soil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

It's in desperate need of water, but I felt bad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:22]

about watering my lawn when everybody else is trying to clean up debris from theirs. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

this liquid aerate, I mean, is this does this stuff work? Because I I gotta be honest with you. I'm a little skeptical. Yeah. It actually does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

usually, you go rent an aerator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

and it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

mechanical,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

and it really helps

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

loosen up compaction in, like, the first three inches of the soil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:50]

So it's liquid aerate. I use the one from Green County Fertilizer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

Basically, it has chemical reactions that dive down into the soil and break things up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

It doesn't work as fast as an aerator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

but over the course of two months, really, after a full application, I can tell that the compaction isn't as bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

So Okay. So you've used this before then? Did you use this last year? No. I started out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

with all this liquid

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

stuff this this season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

So you do a full app, like, every three months or something like that. Oh, interesting. Okay. So I I aerated last year, and I was debating on whether or not I should aerate again this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

I don't think I'm gonna go and rent the unit myself. I think I would pay someone to come. K. But, I mean, should I should I be aerating every year, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

So your backyard, I probably would just because it gets so much

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

traffic and stuff. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

YouTuber that I follow, the lawn care nut,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:55]

basically, he says if you're using this liquid stuff, there's no reason to aerate anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:00]

He still recommends it if you're going to plant

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

seed and overseed because it provides a better seed bed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

but that's only if your lawn is thick and you don't see any bare soil and get good seed to soil,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

contact.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

So Well and I I'm definitely leaning towards overseeding. I was thinking of putting that down close to the September,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

maybe early October,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

depending on how things go. I I just got my fall

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

stuff from Scott's. I haven't put it down yet. I'm I'm probably to do to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

do that. I don't know. Maybe this weekend, we'll see how it goes. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

Labor Day weekend, Stan. It's one of the major

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

Is that I mean, is that what you're supposed to do on Labor Day weekend? Just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

the old the old

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:47]

lawn plan was basically for fertilizer apps a year around the major holidays.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

So you got Memorial Day, Fourth of July,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:56]

Labor Day, and Thanksgiving,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

Halloween.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

One of Oh, really? See, I don't I don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

I think this is the last thing. I mean, maybe not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:05]

I guess maybe They usually have a winterizer. Yeah. Winter guard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Well, I mean, I so here's the thing. I this the Scotts thing, this is the first time that I've done where they ship it to me, and I just I just roll with it. I I thus far, man, I gotta say, I'm pretty pleased with how everything's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

shaken out in terms of my grass. My backyard definitely looks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

a lot better than it did last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

Again, I think I'm gonna I I I don't know how much that's the Scotts, how much is all the stuff I did at the end of last year with the, dethatching and the aerating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

I don't think I'm gonna dethatch again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

I couldn't see you have that much of a thatch buildup because you mulch your clippings usually. Right? Yeah. Your only problem is you don't mow often enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

Well, I mean, how how often do I gotta mow, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

So you're never supposed to take off more than one third of the grass blade, but you mow at the highest setting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

So Yeah. You're probably pretty safe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

Yeah. I I would be shocked if I mean, this last time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

we were inconvenienced,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

I think, just by the weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

Yeah. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

you know, if it rains and we've got the next day of sun, if I can't get to it on the the day after that, I'm I'm gonna have some clumping. It just seems invariable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

right, or inevitable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

But, that's Lucy's problem lately. Time for a new mower, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

Well, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

you and I talked a little bit about this in terms of how often I should get my blade sharpened, and that's the other thing that's been on my mind is that maybe I need to to get a a better routine around that. I think this blade might be a little dull.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

My father-in-law sharpened the other one, so I'm I'm thinking I'm gonna give that a go with the last few moes of the season here and, see how things shake out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

Alright. One last thing before we roll out. So Daniel Sanchez has given me a lot of flack for buying expensive headphones. I still stand by that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

know, you you get what you pay for by and large. But I I will report

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

that I convinced Lucy not to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

spend all of her savings on AirPod Pros. I'm a little worried that a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

10 year old girl might lose one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

And I convinced her to buy last year's Anker Soundcores. So far,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

they seem decent. I I I don't think they're AirPod Pro quality, but I wouldn't expect to because we spent $35.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

But they they seem pretty pretty reasonable sound wise. I'm curious to see what the battery life is like. I think that's really the the other big kicker there, but they're kinda classy. You know? I dig them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

I haven't been able to figure out the whole three d sound with the, AirPods Pro yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:53]

I found some Dolby things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:55]

but I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:57]

don't think that I have the ears for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

So I was I I just saw something in iOS 14 or yeah. IOS 14

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:05]

where there there's gonna be a special setting that allows you to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

have the sound like it's coming in front of me, like I'm watching a TV. So when you hold your phone in front of you, it'll it'll do some of the directional stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

I'm I'm I mean, there's gotta be I'm I'm still, I think, a little surprised that they haven't come up with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

like, a demo track or something to use. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

But maybe iOS 14, that'll that'll happen. We'll see. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

Alright, John. Alright. On that note, my friend, I am gonna go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

finish a book and watch some TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:38]

Alright. You know, on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:41]

your porch. The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:43]

power of the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

Power of the iPad. Yep. Alright, John. Until next time, my friend. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

your hands and wear a mask.
