---
title: It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas
episode: 111
date: "2020-12-03T15:10:08.000Z"
slug: its-beginning-to-look-a-lot-like-christmas/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast episode discusses the Steelers' football season, its challenges
  due to COVID-19, and the host's frustrations with the team's scheduling
  decisions. The conversation also touches on the host's personal life,
  including their struggles to cope with stress and anxiety related to football.
  The episode ends with a humorous tone, with the host joking about their
  upcoming walk and reminding listeners to control the spread of COVID-19.
keywords:
  - NFL
  - Steelers
  - COVID-19 pandemic
  - football scheduling
  - sports fan frustrations
  - anxiety management
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, you don't listen to the podcast after we record it. Right? Once you're done editing, you don't listen to it anymore after that. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

Do you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

our listeners listen to the the show?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

My guess would be on walks or in the car.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

Although, I don't know how many people are spending time in the car these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

Yeah. I I don't know. I I think it's probably less than than used to. So that was always my assumption too, but then I got to thinking about this the other day. You know, my my nephew

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

apparently listens to the show as he's trying to fall asleep at night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

My daughter listens to the show while mowing the lawn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

And then just the other day, friend of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

Joe Taylor actually, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

Fanker also listens when he's mowing the lawn. Nice. But but Joe Taylor gonna stop listening now that we're getting out of lawn mowing season?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

I I don't know. That's a that I think that's a totally fair concern.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

If you see downloads drop, then we've got a problem. Will Lucy have to do the snow shoveling?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

No. I I I I enjoy using the snowblower, so that's not gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

no, the the weirdest thing happened, I was having a socially distanced beer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

with my friend Joe Taylor. Sending me photos and making me jealous because I have no friends to drink beer with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

Well, listen, man. Indian is beer free to move.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

Oh, boy. Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

so this is what he says to me. He goes, I like to shower with you and John. What? And my wife was there. Yeah. My wife was there. She looked up and she goes, excuse me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

Apparently

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

apparently, mister Taylor listens to podcasts while he showers. Well, that was a new one for me. Now granted, you did recommend to me last week that I buy a HomePod mini For the bathroom. For right. And and I think that makes total sense. I just didn't think anybody actually did that, but apparently, mister Taylor does, and he chose to say it by saying, I like to shower with you and John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

Now, I don't know. Maybe we'll lose our clean rating on this podcast now, but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

suffice to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

if you listen to John Colmire and myself on Life With a Twisted Lemon, let us know what you're doing because I'm a little curious now. Like, what especially in in the era of COVID, what are you doing when you listen to this show? Yeah. So I listened to decidedly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

less podcasts now that I don't drive anywhere. I have done it while mowing the lawn and doing yard work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

For me, I will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

if if I've gotta run an errand, like, to the grocery store or whatever, that's definitely podcast time. I I also listen to it, like, when I'm making dinner on Fridays or or on Sundays,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

you know, when I'm when I'm cooking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

There are also times where I'm like, I just I don't wanna read right now. I don't wanna watch TV. I'm just gonna relax, like, after work. You know, lay on the couch. I'll put the phone on my chest, and I will let the podcasts play.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

Nice. Do you fall asleep to a certain podcast?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

Ours?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

I I do not. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

total total random thing here. It has to be deadly quiet for me to fall asleep at night. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

So there cannot be any sound

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

in the room.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

Yeah. And I can fall asleep through pretty much anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

Yep. Actually, you know, that reminds me. I I I told you I got a new mattress. Right? You told me that you bought one. Yes. You did not told me that it has arrived.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

It it did arrive. It did arrive. Actually, it arrived,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

the night that Joe told me that he he showers with us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

And I I wonder if I bought a Leesa Hybrid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

I did I did a ton of research on this and looks that original

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

Mac computer. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

not the original, but, yep, it was, it was early early Mac that didn't do so well. No. I I I really struggled with this because I historically haven't liked memory foam,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

but my mattress was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

like, there's a clear imprint of my body on it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

and it was so noisy. Like, I don't know if that was just the box springs or the mattress or both, but it was it was just time. Right? It was time to replace them. You you recommended the Nectar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

Yes. I had a bunch of friends that recommended the Casper. I had one friend who recommended Elisa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

I read some reviews online about other ones. I I will say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

this is a it's an interesting mattress. It's got support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

because it's it's not a hybrid one. Right? So it's got coils on the bottom and then memory foam on the top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

However, it also like, I sink into it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

what I told missus Lemon this morning is at this point, we're, like, just barely a week into this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

I wouldn't say I'm, like, super comfortable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

but I sleep really good. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

So I and I don't I don't know what to make of that. It's it's a really bizarre thing, but I've definitely been sleeping better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

I have not been stirred by missus Lemon getting up to go to the used bathroom. Like, it it does a real good job of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

just separating

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

motion and sound and all that. It's like that, when they dropped the bowling ball on one side with wine glass on the other side. I can't remember what commercial that was, but that's when I still watch commercials.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

Wasn't that that was Beautyrest, I believe. I'm pretty sure that's actually the mattress that we're replacing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

The one that that, has my butt imprints on it and also makes an just a ton of noise as you move around. So but I don't know. You know, mattresses don't last forever. It's astounding to me how expensive they are. Yep. It it it just seems like a weird product to be priced. I mean, I've got a king-size bed, so, you know, you're you're gonna be over a thousand dollars. There's just no way around it. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

I you know, it's it's also hard to feel good about that purchase when you first make it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

There's there's just not a real good way to do it. Now, this has got like a hundred day trial run, and then you can return it. Right. I don't envision doing that, but it it's I don't know. I'm not really a return. They call somebody to come pick it up, and then they, like, donate it somewhere. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Oh, really? Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

So you know more about this than I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Yeah. Oh, the purple was another one that I looked at online. Yeah. The purple looks like it has cool technology built in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

It it does. I just don't know that it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

be worth it. I'm not gonna No. Yeah. It's like something you gotta go lay on the tray.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

But Yeah. Exactly. Nobody wants to do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

The other thing, as I was reading around online,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

the Purple never came out on top in terms of reviews. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

when compared with other mattresses I mean, people who buy Purple, they love the Purple, of course. Right? Like, you spend that much money on a mattress, you're gonna love it even if you don't. Right? Right. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't say that I love my Nectar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

but I feel like I sleep pretty well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

I will say this is orders of magnitude more comfortable than pretty much any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

hotel mattress I've ever slept on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

Yeah. You have I don't think you have issues with hotels.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

Oh, I do. The mattress is the worst. I don't know if that's really much of an endorsement or not, but I'm just saying, like, you could do far worse than this mattress. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

that was this last week. The other thing that was this last week was, I I put up Christmas lights this year. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

How'd that go? Did you fall off the ladder?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

I didn't use a ladder. No ladder. So you didn't go all the way to to the top? No peak No. Roof lights? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

No. I I wouldn't have done that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

I did put them on the gutters, but I didn't use a ladder to do that. I actually found these really neat clips

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

that they screw onto the end of like a like a broom handle or like a a paint stick. Right? The little with the thread in the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

And you so you screw it in, then you you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

run the lights through it. You hoist it up, and you pull down at the right angle on the gutter, and it clips to the gutter, and then you can unscrew it. And so I I had a paint stick long enough that I I think I'm actually gonna be able to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

the full peak of the garage, which is, you know, second story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

But, it worked up pretty well. The thing that really tripped me up and and you quite frankly didn't help on this is I was trying to figure out what what Christmas lights to buy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

I don't know why you thought I would help on this seeing as I've never hung Christmas lights that I bought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

Oh, that that you bought. Well, you I mean, you said you've you've hung Christmas lights at your folks' place. Yeah. Just Right? Mini cheap Walmart lights.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Well, I dude. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

you know, I go into this when we've got none. At some point in time, we had some lights, I guess. I think we had the, like, icicle ones or whatever. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

used them, I think, one time when we lived out in Pittsburgh. Yeah. And I we gave them away at some point in time. Was that the Saxonburg house or was it Yeah. That was that was the Saxonburg house Because I could crawl out of the guest bedroom onto

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

the the porch and hang them off the top of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

It was fine, but, like, we never had a reason to do it in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

in Seymour because of the position of our house on the road. House.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

I haven't done it this, you know, at this house, even though we've been here a couple of winters now, because I didn't have lights, and so I had to buy lights.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

And there's it's not like you go search for outdoor Christmas lights, and you get a thousand different options.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

I mean, even within a single brand, you've got, like, normal lights. You've got extra bright lights. You've got c three, c five, c four, c seven, c nine, which is a bulb type. You've got c three. Bulbs with textures. They're all over the place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

And then then the thing is, what what actually looks good outside? And and one of the things I I realized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

is that most people just go and buy the dinky little lights, throw them outside on stuff Yep. And that's that's why they're not, like, super bright. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

And then there's the whole, like, energy element. Right? Right. You know? And you have a energy monitor, so it'd be interesting to follow this throughout the Christmas season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

Yeah. Well, I can I can tell you a little bit about that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

I think I told you when we when we had the deck put on, missus Limou was responsible for buying lights for the pergola. Yep. And she did. They're lovely lights. They're fantastic. They use a ton of juice. Yep. Their their incandescent bulbs, they just like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

a ton of juice. Now, they're not on that often, so it's not a big deal. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

I was a little weary of potentially going down the incandescent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

route

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

on what amounted to so far about 330 feet worth of lights. K. I think I think there are 550

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

or excuse me, there are 500 bulbs out there on right now. I got another 300 bulbs coming. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

the thing I decided I was gonna do is I was gonna buy LEDs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

Right? Was I was gonna, like, pay a little extra. Well, once you get into the big bulb, every first of all, everything's expensive. And second of all, the LEDs are stupid expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

So I thought, like, you know, we'll get $30 worth of lights and we'll be good to go. There's another problem that you're seeing. Is you're trying to buy these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

That that's totally fair. That's totally fair. I in my defense, this wasn't even my idea. Like, I I was not the one who said, oh, we should put up lights. That that was my kids, specifically Lucy. Sure. Lucy's like, dad, we gotta do lights. Everybody on the block does lights.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

Bringing joy to the neighborhood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's funny. I there have been more people out setting up lights over the last two weeks than any of the the previous years we've lived in this subdivision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

I I guess people just have time on their hands or what. Yep. We got one neighbor up the road here who he goes to the nines, man. I mean, he's he's got a just fantastic setup and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

a bunch of lights. He trims every corner of the house. Every every line has has a string of lights. It's very impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

All I wanted to do was my bushes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

and the front of our porch. No. I can't do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:34]

Well, you could do that and then get one of those broadcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

like, projector things and go on the garage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

Get like Rudolph No. From no? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

Well, and that's the other thing. I don't I don't wanna do any of the creatures. I don't wanna do the blow up things. I don't wanna do anything that moves. I don't wanna for me, Stan. Yeah. Actually, you know what's funny? There's a neighbor who has both a Yoda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

and a baby Yoda. You could do a whole Star Wars Christmas setup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

Darth Vader with a Santa hat on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

Does that doesn't interest me. But the lights do. The lights do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

So so I settled on LEDs. I went with the c nines, which are like big bulbs. They are legit bulbs. And I've I've decided to go with the extra bright. Yep. And quite honestly, I'm glad I did all of those things. I the I think they turned out pretty well. We covered the bushes in the front, and I ran lights along the porch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

Came to the conclusion that I wanted to go all the way over the garage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

and also do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

trees, the two trees that I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

So there's an additional 300 bulbs on order that will cover those. I'll be here in a couple days, but, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

it's quite the adventure, John. Quite the adventure. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

sent me a photo on Sunday after you had everything all lit up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:56]

she had nothing but praises for you. And I gotta say, it looks pretty darn good, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

Well, thank you, John. Thank you. I there was there was a little concern early on about the density.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

When we were first putting them on, missus Lemon was like, we're run out of lights. I was like, yeah, we are. But, you know, you gotta you gotta get the density right. You can always buy more lights. Yep. This this is definitely an expensive project. I'm going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

I'm hoping either you or missus Lemon will remind me after Christmas to purchase more lights. Yep. I wanna see next year. I wanna see the top lines done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

I don't know about that, John. I don't know about that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

Get Lucy up there. Lucy has been better than before, has she?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

No. She definitely hasn't. I wouldn't I wouldn't say that I'm scared of heights, but I'm I'm definitely not drawn to them. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

you're like a pro these days. You're up on your roof I have been on my roof a lot this year, and I was on my roof fairly often anyway to clean out gutters because I don't have those gutter guards. So that might be an upgrade when I have gutters again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

There you go. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

No

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:06]

lights for me this year, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

None? No. You're not gonna, like, decorate them around the hole in the roof? No. I will put up the Christmas tree that missus Colmaher and I got for our first Christmas from you because missus Lemon want a new Christmas tree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

It was very clever, wasn't it? It was. Here, John and Anna, take this Christmas tree. It was very nice. We need to buy a new one. To be fair, like, the tree looked short in my standard ceiling, and you had it in that giant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

lofted room, so I can kinda see your point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

Yeah. Yeah. Well, we we got a nice tree. We we actually put it up. I know you you probably won't put it up until what, the twenty fourth? I don't know. This year, all bets are off. Last year, I think I put it up fairly early in December.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

We'll have to see how the dog does with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

Oh, yeah. That'll be fun. So we put ours up the Friday after Thanksgiving, which is early, and I know that. And some people are gonna, like, cringe at that. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

especially in 2020, I just feel like I I will take all of the Christmas joy that I can possibly get at this point. So I've been playing Christmas music too. I know you find that repulsive but I don't love Christmas music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

I I've been working on my 2020 Christmas playlist and, checking out all the new j m's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

Pentatonix is a new album, John. You probably don't even like Pentatonix, do you? Pentatonix is fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

There we go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

But oh, Adina Menzel has a nice new album. You you like her. Right? I like her in Wicked. I don't know that I know anything else about her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

Frozen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

Let it go? I've watched Frozen one time in my whole life. I don't have three children. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

But surely, you've heard that song. Yes. Let it go. I know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:50]

Sophie's Elsa. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

well, she she sings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

for Elsa. K. Yeah. I think I remember that. Now you got me second guessing myself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

Oh my boy. Oh my word. Alright. I really don't know. Just say it confidently, and I'll believe you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:07]

I did not see her when we saw Wicked on Broadway in high school. It was not the first original cast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

Yeah. She performs Let It Go. Alright. Phew. Got it. She She also performs some things never change into the unknown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

You surely, you know, into the unknown. I not by name.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

Oh my god. From Frozen two? Is that the song from Frozen two? Yeah. That's that's the Frozen two song. So I don't know if I've heard it or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

Oh, man. I I would be shocked if you haven't. I feel like that's it's such an earworm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

I have not seen Frozen two. I should watch that sometime. December seems like it seems like a good time to watch Frozen movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

I made I mean. I made it all way through through Pixar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

now I feel like I should do all the Disney animation stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

Yeah. At least at least the modern Disney animation. Right? So I mean, because you have you ever seen Tangled?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

Yes. We watched Tangled. Okay. That's that's a good fun movie. That's a a modern Disney animation movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

Planes. Planes is kinda fun. Planes, I have not seen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

Yeah. It's cute. It's I mean, it's not, like, fantastic, but it's cute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

yeah, there's plenty plenty of good stuff to dive into there, John. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

Speaking of animation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:25]

Am I supposed to talk about Overwatch now? You you put it on the list, buddy. No. We've been playing with the Xbox that finally arrived.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

So our buddy, Patrick Sturtevant,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

convinced us to all to play Overwatch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:39]

There was a listener who told us to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

play Overwatch too on Twitter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

Yep. Katie Schweppes. Katie. Yes. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

we bought it. We played. We were bad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

but we got better at this level. Think bad bad is the understatement of the year. We were absolutely horrible. We could not beat the hard AI, but we did okay against the medium AI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

We did okay against the medium AI. Once we started playing people,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

all bets were off. I mean, we were just atrocious. There was there's no forgiveness for how bad we were. Yeah. So But I have Oh. Actually played and won against real people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

My tune of choice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

Lucio,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

who is a support healer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

and you really liked that machine gun guy. I don't remember his name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Yeah. He turns into a turret,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

and I cannot, for the life of me, remember what, what his name is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

I I just know I swipe to the left and I pick him up. It's funny. I I played with a couple of people last night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

After we talked, I thought, I'll give this a shot. And and I I did okay. I mean, I'm not I'm not good by any stretch. Like, I'm not even gonna pretend that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

I had fun, you know? And I I think if you get I I can definitely see how people get sucked into this if they have a team,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

and they have, like, active communication.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

So this is something that Patrick told us, like, talking to each other and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

know, communicating about what's going on makes a huge difference, and I I definitely believe that. Now, you and I ran into some trouble because apparently, Apple headphones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

whether they're Beats or iPhone headphones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

just don't work with the Xbox controller. Yep. We we learned that the hard way. I've ordered some new headphones. They're not here yet, so I haven't got a chance to play that. The other thing that I realized last night while I was playing, Patrick mentioned that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

when you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

when you're playing this game with headphones on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

you will hear people behind you, above you. You'll be able to hear the sounds of guns that belong to particular people or characters. Right? And you'll be able to, like, detect all these things just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

you know, through the audio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

And my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

surround sound system is not set up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

to to be able to support any of that. Right? Like, it's just it it's not a good layout for that. Right. And I'm really curious once I get headphones. It was just the headphones I ordered too. The reviews actually talked about Overwatch, being able to hear the distinctiveness between certain characters, weapons, and things of this sort. So I'm curious to see if that actually helps my my gameplay. It probably won't. I mean, realistically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

nothing's gonna help my gameplay. I'm an old man who lacks Stan. The more time you play, the better you get.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

Well, let's we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

we'll try to stick stick with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

But, I'm I'm looking forward to that. I also played a little squadrons interactively with some people. Played squadrons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

I tried to, and my Internet died.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

Yeah. Your Internet died. I kept playing, though. My Internet was not good today either, so I did pull the trigger. And I'm going with the company that I don't like for gigabit Ethernet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

which should be installed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

next week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

Well, well, well. Now tell tell me again why you don't like this company. They're just like a major cable company. So, like, no cable company is good. I've never come across a good cable Internet provider,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

but this is, like, the big player in town. So kinda like your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

Comcast or whatever it would be in places like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

When we were in Pennsylvania,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

and we were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

in either our rental or in the Saxonburg house, we had Armstrong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

as our provider,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

and they were fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

They they were like everything you want

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

out of an inner provider. When we were in Seymour, we had Metronet, and they also were awesome. Really? These were both small market providers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

that had only full time employees. So when you got a support person out to your home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

it was someone who lived in the community

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

you know, you might bump into them at the McDonald's or library or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

They they cared about their work, and they were, you know, like, fully employed. I think all that makes a difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

They also because they were smaller,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

I think their,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

bandwidth usage was maybe a little less intense. And so Sure. I was a good throughput. Now, I I got an AT and T business line now, and I don't I don't have problems. But if I gotta call somebody, I mean, like, that's just a waste of my time. Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

So, yeah. Played squadrons, played overwatch. I haven't played any Halo recently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

and I've also not jumped back into Super Mario Odyssey since getting the Xbox. So I need to circle back to that at some point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

Oh, you're gonna get rusty. My my kids are on a just intense

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

Smash Brothers kick right now. Nice. I I did start them on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

Zelda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

Link that Link's Awakening. Talked with you. Link's Awakening. One of my favorite Zelda games ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

And this is a remake of it. It's just a single player, so it's good for the kids to, like, play individually rather than corporately. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

it's I I think it's fun. I think it's pretty well done. I I don't know that it's as interesting for me as an adult as it is for them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:49]

you know, it's a it's a good game for them. Yeah. I think I was playing in middle school on my Game Boy Color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

Back in the day, man. Back in the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

So it's I I gotta say, I'm I'm just I'm tickled pink at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

how many

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

great games have been available.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

And also, like, available and marked down lately. I mean, there've been some awesome deals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

I wound up I picked up Battlefront one and two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

and I picked up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

Jedi fallen fallen Jedi? Fallen Order. Jedi fallen order. Fallen Order. I have that as well, but I've not opened it yet. Yeah. So And we've got age of pace, Dan. Man. We do. I I still need to take another wrapper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

That takes a while to download all the content.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

Oh, boy. That that sounds Actually, you have super fast Internet, so it won't be bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

But I'll have to wait for you to download it too. No. Mine's downloaded. I've played already. Alright. There we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

Yeah. So anyhow, I think the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

next step for me at least, I'm gonna continue to play squadrons. That's my primary game Yep. For sure. Make it through the story. I do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

wanna I do wanna open this Halo game here at some point and try playing that. I guess the question I have for you is, should I be trying something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:06]

before we get together online and play? Nah. We'll play through the campaign mode together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

And then we've we've gotta schedule another gaming date with Patrick to play Overwatch. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

Just start sending out calendar invite to Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:26]

That that that could work. We could we could do that. Whenever we played I guess it was a holiday weekend, so that's a little different. But we started at, like, 07:30 central or something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

on a weekend night. Week Yeah. It was 08:30 my time. We played for what? Two and a half hours? Yeah. We played pretty long. It didn't seem like it was that long, but I guess we were learning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

I was tired, and my hands were were, like, all crinkled up. That's how I know I'm old. Like, I took my hands off the controller, and I had to, like, manually uncurl my fingers. Wow. You know? Yeah. Well Imagine if it was still like the NES controller. That was super small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

See, I I don't I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

guess this is more comfortable. I'd I'd have to noodle on that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

I don't know. I don't remember my hands ever hurting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

It's because I was young and my my hands yeah. My hands were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

they were virgin hands. They hadn't been crippled by game controllers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

So I've been playing video games as long as I can remember.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

Atari I had a NES.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

I had a long period where I played nothing. I had a long period where I played nothing too. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

Apple Arcade still has some awesome games that I still enjoy playing from time to time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

I am really looking forward actually to I've I've never tried this. Your father-in-law, Mark,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

Buto, is all over this where you hook a controller up to the Apple TV and you play on the Apple TV. And apparent apparently, our Xbox controllers are going to get support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

on the Apple TV here at some point in the near term. And I'm really curious to try that out because most of those games, I'm just used to, like, touching and swiping. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

And I wonder how the mechanics will change when you have an actual controller, you know, if that might level up. Because I think a lot of those games, quite frankly, are done incredibly well. There are some titles that also exist, like, on the Switch and the Xbox too. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

I don't know. It'd be interesting to try out. Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

Alright, Stan. What else?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

Nothing? I'll be honest with you, man. It's it's been kind of a low key weekend. I I know you don't you don't follow football at all. Have you been keeping track of my Steelers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:34]

I've seen you complain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:37]

the Twitterverse

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

about games being postponed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

Yeah. I've I've been very upset about this. So this actually happened. My my Steelers were supposed to play

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

on Thursday night, Thanksgiving Day, Thursday night, and the game so hope hopefully, by the time this episode's released, they they played. If they haven't, nobody's gonna wanna talk to me because I would be so mad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

Then their game got delayed till Sunday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

because the Ravens have had a bit of an of an outbreak, of COVID cases.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

Now the Ravens are like the Steelers arch enemy, aren't they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Yeah. They're they're the worst of the worst. They're evil. They're dirt. Scum of football. Should all be in jail. And they're well, and and I'm convinced this is all part of a conspiracy to basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

derail the Steelers season, because the Steelers are the only team in the NFL that have not lost a game yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

And suddenly, the Ravens can't play because everybody's sick. And so they move the game to Sunday, then they move the game to Monday, then they move the game to Tuesday, and now it's on Wednesday. And you know what they did, John? They scheduled the game at 03:40PM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

eastern on a Wednesday. Seriously?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Are you taking some vacation time?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

I well, so it's funny you should ask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

On Instagram, the Steelers prepared a note for your boss to to request to be excused,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

and I thought, you know, why not? I'm a send to my boss. We'll see what happens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

So I sent it, and I have a I have a fantastic manager.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

He sent me back a single text

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

excused.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

Nice. What's that? So I tomorrow at 03:40PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

I will be I will be checking out of work to go watch the Steelers game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

And the other thing that's weird is that Is the head teacher

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

calling off school that afternoon?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

Oh, that's a good question. You know, I hadn't asked. I just assumed. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

I'll I'll double check. I this is gonna be weird. Right? So the game starts at 03:40,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

which means that I'm gonna have to probably bug out at, like, 03:20 or whatever to make my buffalo chicken dip for the game. With turkey still? Or is it No. No. No. We'll we'll use canned chicken for this. Turkey's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

not all gone. I'm just turkeyed out. I'm just turkeyed out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

So so I'll get the get the dip going. Right? And I get the chips sent out, and I got some salted almonds that I'll put on the table.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

And and then I'll have to, like, make sure that there's cold beer, and I'll have to I'll have to start drinking If earlier in the day. You need to make sure that it's cold beer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:01]

before twenty minutes before kickoff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, like but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

you you know, like, I gotta get everything facilitated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

Gotta gotta prime that all up. Find the bottle. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

You know, all those things. Right? I mean, I have to make sure I'm dressed properly. I gotta wear my lucky Steelers, you know, socks, and I gotta put on my Steelers jersey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

All these things have to happen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

and and it's it's on a weekday, and, like, I got I got a job to do, you know? Like, I I don't know, man. I don't think it made me so mad. So mad. So so the other thing is then the following game

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

would have been on Sunday, and, like, that's not enough time. Right? You know? They they gotta, like, take a breather and, I don't know, do whatever it is that football players do in between games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

But but hopefully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

all of them are staying at home, quarantined, because the last thing we need right now is any of our our starters to get sick beyond the ones that are already sick. Anyhow though, I digress. They moved the Sunday game to Monday at 5PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

which is also a lousy time to have a game. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

And and they don't even know what network it's gonna be on right now. So somehow, declared the time of the game without telling anybody what network it's gonna be on. And I think they're doing this because they don't wanna conflict with the ESPN game on Monday nights. It's just like all kinds of stupidity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

And again, I swear to you, John, this is all because it's all because the Ravens are trying to disrupt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

the Steelers' perfect season thus far. Right? They know that they cannot beat us on their laurels. They cannot take the division this season unless they completely destroy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

us through scheduling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

It's like the most pathetic thing. So if you're out there and you're listening to this podcast and you're a Ravens fan, you can just unsubscribe. We don't need your downloads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

It's tough to be a sports fan in 2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

Oh, it it is the worst. Now I I I have been thinking about this too. Right? Like, I every year, I go into the Steelers season believing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

that we are the best team in football

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

and that we are gonna go all the way to the Super Bowl every year. Right? Yep. Because I I I love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

this team,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

that's that's only that's that's only been true twice at the time I've been at Steelers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

Oh, it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

been several years now because I think that I made a promise to you that if the Steelers played in the Super Bowl, I would drive to Indy and party with you. So You did. You did. Yeah. And I I've also talked about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

you know, if the Steelers go to the Super Bowl, I would try to get tickets. Right. K? That would might be bad this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Well, if this is gonna be the year that happens. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

I am the only person on the face of planet where 2021 might actually be worse than 2020

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

because the Steelers will go to the Super Bowl, and I will not be able to get a ticket. First of all, because there'll only be, like, five people allowed in in the, you know, stadium. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

I this keeps me up at night, John. This is this is why I had to get a new mattress. I couldn't sleep on the old one. I like, everything has to help me try to sleep because the stress of football season is just getting to me. Have you soundproofed the walls so that if a car drives by, you can't hear it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

No. No. In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

fact, don't even get me started about the joker down the street who likes to turn his truck on at 12:30 at night.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:15]

You're usually still up at the time, Stan. Don't lie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

Fortunately. Fortunately. That did ever tell you about the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

plane that flies from Shanghai to 07:47

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

that, lands in Cincinnati

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

shortly after 01:00? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

Turns out we are right in its flight path as it's descending. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

Nice. There's something there's something you don't think about when you're shopping for a house. Nope. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

But I but I will next time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:43]

Next time. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

John. Alright. Hope that this I'm gonna go win all their games, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

they proceed on schedule for the rest of the season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

Yeah. Yeah. Me too. I'm gonna go I'm gonna go take a walk and kinda chill out. Now that you got me all worked up above football,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

and we'll just call that an episode. Alright. Sounds

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

Wash your hands, wear a mask, and keep your schedules.
