---
title: Jon and Stan's Excellent Adventure
episode: 149
date: '2021-08-24T14:23:54.000Z'
slug: jon-and-stans-excellent-adventure/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode, Mark attempts to hang out with Sean while they eat a ton of
  food, including smoked wings in two different sauces. The conversation covers
  various topics, including their trip, games played, and food experiences,
  including the Miller 64 beer. The discussion also touches on Sean's
  father-in-law's obsession with games and Mark's favorite meal from the
  weekend.
keywords:
  - Smoked Wings
  - Buffalo Sauce
  - Honey Racha Sauce
  - Krokonole
  - Games
  - Father-In-Law Obsession
  - Steelers Games
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

This is John and Stan's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

Excellent Adventure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

I should have watched Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure before we talked about this. Yeah. I should have too. I you know, it's one of those movies where I know I saw it a long time ago. Yep. And the the references, like, they stick out in your head, but I don't know that I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

remember the movie very well. Oddly enough, it seems like missus Kollmeyer does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

Which is weird because Yeah. Really, hasn't seen any movie that there's references to in pop culture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

But she not only got the first reference, then made subsequent ones that I did not get in the course of conversing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

over John and Stan's Excellent Adventure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

Right. So here we are. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

dear listener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

John Kollmeyer has just returned from Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

where we had a task list. Yes, I made a note with check boxes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

of things that we were gonna do together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

I'd I'd just like to say upfront, I think, one, this was a great visit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

and two, I think it's because I planned it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

I would agree with both those, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:30]

this does,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

raise the question,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

why did you do the task list in notes and not a shared reminders list?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

Oh, that's a good question. You know, I think because of the nature by which I was create like, I was thinking through it. I that's that's a totally fair question. And maybe I should create a new reminders list so we can then amass tasks for the next visit, the next time we get together. There you go. Then we can plan how long I have to stick around because I don't feel like upon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

I don't feel like we had a lot of downtime this trip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

Oh, there's there's hardly any downtime. I did take a twenty minute nap at some point, Saturday, that must have been.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Yeah. I think you took a nap on Saturday. Technically, I think you laid down on Sunday as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

That's probably true. Yeah. So and I'm not judging to be totally clear with everybody. There were plenty of reasons to take a break and a breather

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

in the course of this. We should probably back up just a bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

and discuss the the primary reason for you coming out to Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

which was To keg beer. To keg beer. So we brewed beer over July 4 weekend. It was a Cezanne.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

There was a slight chance that I ruined it. We validated that it was not ruined, and It then we proceeded was tasty. We proceeded to keg it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

So we put a whole bunch of p s I into it out the gate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

and then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

I think for the most part, it was it was carbonated by the time we got to it. Yep. So the first time, it was carbonated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

but probably not to perfection.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

The second time, much better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

Yeah. And I can tell you that it has only gotten better since you left and this is by far the most dangerous thing I have in my house. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

I'm not I'm not like constantly drinking over here. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

in the past,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

I could like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

say, oh, you know, there's nothing cold in the fridge, so I'm just not gonna have a beer right now. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

And I would never think of like getting a growler every day, right, where you've got nice draft beer or going to a bar every day. Just wouldn't do Yep. But I literally have draft beer in my kitchen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

right next to where I sit at dinner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

it's it's a it's a pivot and then I've got draft beer in a glass. So what can I say?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

Have you caught missus Lemon with a beer, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

during the school day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

I have not. She seems to be a little intimidated by the picnic tap, is kinda funny. It I mean, you open up the so so, listener, the way my setup is is I have a small refrigerator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

Inside of it is a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

c o two tank, a corny keg,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

and then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

a a picnic tap, which is just I mean, it's just a just a tube with a spigot, a spout right at the end of the tube. So there's no, like, fancy shaft coming up at the the top of the refrigerator or anything like that. We'll get there eventually. We're just not there now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

it's like you've you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

push on that thing and beer comes out very fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

Yes. So I think I think missus a little intimidated by that and thus has not partaken of the beer when I have not been pouring. I'm sure that will change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

I'm sure that will change because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

missus Lemon loves draft beer, maybe more than I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

That's fair. Maybe. Yeah. Definitely more than I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

I I'm all around pleased. It was very nice to not have to use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

the the bottling rig

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

to fill up, you know, 48 bottles of beer on the wall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

On the counter. On the counter. Yeah. Because, like, the cleaning, the filling, the capping, all of that, it just takes so much time and it's very messy. And so this, like, it it's just there and it just works. And I've realized that this is simple enough that I will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

I will probably just be doing this from the future, like, from now on. That's that's my guess. There you go. I I do think I need to get there's, like a a tubing that you can use to fill up a growler from the base so that the next time you're here, I can send you with a gallon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

of beer for the road,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

and then you can take it back and and try it and all that good stuff. So.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:36]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

Yeah. Here you go. Sounds fair. Alright. So that's the primary reason you came. We actually dealt with that on Thursday night after we smoked a meatloaf.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

The meat the meatloaf turned out okay, John? The meatloaf was fine, but it was not the best thing I ate all weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

Oh, well, alright. Sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

this meatloaf has been my go to. It's just our normal meatloaf recipe. You put it on the smoker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

and and you get it smoked up. And I I like it. I it it agrees with me. We'll just say that. Yep. But that was how you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

landed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

And then on Friday morning is that when we did donuts? Did we do donuts Friday morning? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

We didn't talk about the we did run out to get growlers of beer on Thursday, so we could drink beer while kegging beer. Yeah. Exactly. Drink cold carbonated beer while kegging. Cold carbonated beer while kegging. Mean, I this is true, I think, whether or not you're bottling wine, bottling beer, or kegging beer, you must have some of the substance of which you are, you know, working with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

to to, like, power you through it. Right? So if you're bottling beer, you need other bottled beer to bottle it. Right? And if you're kegging beer, you need other draft beer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

to to keg it. Right? And if you're bottling wine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

you need I mean, wine, you could actually probably just drink it as you're bottling it. But it's also good to just have, like, another bottle of wine. You know. Again, like, these things, they go together, the bottling and consumption, so you should Right. Should always do them in pairs. So we ran out to Metazoa,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

which I have been to exactly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

one time before,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

you don't really call him bartenders if it's just a brewery, do you? I guess he was a bartender.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

He's a master. Don't I don't yeah. That's I I guess I think in in this regard, I would probably call him a bartender. He's tending bar at the brewery bar. Yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

And, yeah, he recognized you. He recognized me. Crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

So But Shout out to Metazo Brewing in Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

for both having

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

I don't think I've had a bad beer from them. Like, all the beer is good. It just depends on your flavor preferences

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:46]

Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

good service, at least with this guy who's there whenever I go, apparently. When whenever you're there. Yeah. So we got we got some growlers of different beers too that I had not had before. If I'm trying to remember now, one was a barley wine beer Yep. Which was Yeah. Extremely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

What was the other one? The other one was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

was a Ceylon, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

No. Didn't do the Ceylon because we Ceylon. Were Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

But it was seasonal pale. Yeah. It was like an old school paleo, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

Wasn't the one with the apricot, was it? No. No. We didn't we didn't go with that one. We tasted it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

Well, I guess this just goes to show how good the barley wine was over and above because it, it made me forget about the other beer. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

Okay. So So that was Thursday. Yeah. Friday morning, we get donuts. Right? And I introduced you to Pana, which is our,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

closest donut shop. And I I think, candidly, they make the best cheese donuts in all of Indianapolis. I believe you got a bear claw. I did. Yeah. Because that's what Evelyn Levin suggested.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

Was so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

They did not have bear claw kick. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

I'm not a bear claw fan, but I do think they make good bear claws.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

I love their cinnamon rolls, so I got a cinnamon roll.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

And then I don't know what I would Is a cinnamon roll a doughnut?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

It depends how you define doughnut. How would you define doughnut, John? I don't know. I feel like you can define doughnut in multiple ways

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

because there's multiple ways of making doughnuts. Like, a baked doughnut is still a doughnut. Right? Right. Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

when think about that, right, like it is a It's basically a piece of dough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

that has been sweetened,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

right, either internally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

externally, or with frosting or of some sort. Right? And there's lot of different parameters for frosting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

But I think then it is, you know, a good doughnut is best accompanied by coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

Yep. So if a doughnut does not taste good with coffee, I would I would say that it is not a doughnut.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

K. Is that is that fair?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

Sure. But I don't know what would fall into that category.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

Well, okay. That's a good question. Maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

No. I was thinking of like a hamburger bun. Right? Like a hamburger bun would not taste good with a cup of coffee, ergo, a hamburger bun is not a donut. Unless he toasted and put some peanut butter on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

I I still don't think in that particular moment though, I would say, oh, yes. This goes great with with coffee. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

Maybe. I don't know. Fair enough. I don't know. It's a significant discussion. So I would say that that you have your things which are highly specialized, right, because they require a particular technique like a croissant. Right? A croissant is a technique heavy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

you know, baked good. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

I think the way you construct a doughnut versus a croissant, right, with like just very tedious folding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

is different. And maybe it's the level of tediousness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

in in order to produce it that really is a factor here. But a croissant is not a doughnut. Now, I don't know what to make of a cronut. That's like a whole other thing. Yeah. But setting that aside for a moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

I think in my mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

cinnamon roll is a type of doughnut, but it is also its own thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:59]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

Think we'll have to revisit this at some point. Yeah. After we've done more research.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

This is gonna keep me up at night. I'm gonna be thinking all about this for a while now. Because then it goes into like, so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

it go on at the whole Or do you just eat donuts?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

Donuts are available to eat at breakfast time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

Like So I'm I'm An apple turnover is an apple turnover or donut? No. Apple turnover is because it's it's a pastry. Right? It's that's flaky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

I think I think that's part of it too. Right? Like a a cinnamon roll is not flaky. This is not supposed to be. It's doughy. It just have it's like done in a little spin wheel. Right? Right. And so I think that that like doughy element to it is really important. Like a cake is not a doughnut though at the same time. Right? Like that's also a different thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

And you have you have cake based doughnuts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

but, you know, a cake based doughnut may be a doughnut, but a cake is not a doughnut. Right? Meanwhile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

you you also have yeast based doughnuts. Right? And then there's the gluten free doughnuts, which I don't even honestly know what to do with at this point. Like, I I I don't know that I've ever had a gluten free doughnut. I've had them, I've not had a good one. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

Now, missus Lemon does like the gluten free doughnuts from Jack's Donuts. Which I've also Yeah. Been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

And I I've not tried the gluten free doughnut because honestly, if I go into Jack's Donuts, like, I'm getting a cinnamon roll, you know? Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

Is interesting though because most most doughnut places price cinnamon rolls differently. Right? So if if you're like, I want a dozen doughnuts and you rattle off 10 that are like yeast and cake or whatever, and you go and throw in two cinnamon rolls, like, that's gonna be extra.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

And I'm not sure I agree with that, like, in principle, like, that's if if the economics if they're twice the size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

Yeah. But I mean, maybe. I don't know. Like, if the economics of how you make your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

cinnamon roll is such that you need to charge more when included in a dozen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

then you're probably doing something wrong. It's either an ingredient or, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

or where you're sourcing. I'd like something feels like it's not going the way it's supposed to there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

Alright. So we got donuts, and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

I think this was a bad decision on my part, but we that's all we ate, and then we decided to go for a 13.5

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

mile bike ride. Is that what we decided? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

Yeah. So this is probably the most legit bike ride I've gone on this year. We went to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

oh, what's the name of the trail?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

Is it the Penzi Trail? The Penzi Trail, which stretches along kind of kind of along Washington Street from Cumberland all the way into the Pleasant Run Trail in the middle of Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

And I thought it was a pretty good trail. It was. It was all paved. Was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

Yeah. Freshly paved,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

and not a lot of people. Of course, it was a Friday afternoon. So Yeah. The the grading though, I mean, except for that one stretch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

we had nothing more than a 1% grade either way, and that one trench was only 5%. It's just, you know, after you've done 12 miles with only a 1% grade, it it kinda especially when you're out of shape like we are. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

I did beat Stan up the hill, but I've been on the bike more or here, more recently. Well, and and I it wasn't a race, John. I wasn't trying to beat you. If you if you want next time we could race, John. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

John, I'm not I'm not naturally competitive. It's just not something like I default to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

I don't know if I believe that. No. That's fair. So we so we went on a bike ride. We came back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

and then we decided to go to Shake Shack, which we had discussed on the previous episode as something we were gonna do. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

Now, Shake Shack was crazy busy. Yes. There was a line out the door. Yeah. And I'm not sure why based upon our experience there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

Maybe the chicken sandwiches are really good. Maybe. I don't know. So we drove what? Thirty five minutes to Yeah. Was way on the other side of Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

Yeah. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

you and I both got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

the Shack burger Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

Which is just a normal hamburger. I think there was onion, lettuce, tomato. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

And then Shack sauce, which is basically ketchup, mayo, mustard, and I guess they seasoned it somehow. Yeah. It was not overly spicy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

Yeah. It it was not overly flavorful. Like, I think just plain mayo might have been better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

I think I think what they were trying to do there was fine, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

so we got the burgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

We both almost it was almost like we were completing each other's senses. That's how weird this was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

We both agree that the beef

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

was not very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

flavorful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

It was too much of a pause. But yes, that's that was our conclusion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

I I actually feel like the this is gonna be so controversial.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

The meat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

McDonald's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

has more flavor in it than the Shake Shack

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

burgers we got. Again, the beef. I'm specifically talking about the beef. Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

I thought it was a fun bun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

A bun wasn't anything to write home about either. Well, it wasn't anything to home about, but here's here was my point of comparison. The bun, I was trying to think back to, like, other kind of like smash burger type things that I've had, and I never liked the buns at Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

K. And so I thought this was a superior bun to that bun. I'm not saying it was the best bun, just that it was superior to Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:15]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

So if the thing back now. I I think my thing and maybe this is more about the patty than it is the bun, but at Five Guys, like, the the buns are thin and they soak through and tear very quickly. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

So and we I don't we didn't have that. Right? Despite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

being a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

smash burger, this actually was not overly greasy, in my opinion. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

So that was fine. Now the patty was not dry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

so it's not like they cooked it too long. It just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

didn't have any flavor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

The the next thing we tried was we got a hot dog because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

I I guess Shake Shack started off as a hot dog joint, and they do this weird thing. It's not a potato bun. They cut the hot dog in the middle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

and they fry it like that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

and I think this was genuinely bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

Yeah. So first of all, like, the pictures looked like it was gonna be a Chicago style hot dog. Yeah. There was stuff on it. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

We get the hot dog and nothing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

Yeah. If I had been prompted, like, would you like mustard on that? Of course, I would say yes. Right. But again, part of this exercise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

was to order the things default off the menu. Right? So next time I if I ever go, I don't know that I will. We'll get to that though. I don't know that I would get Shack Sauce on my burger. Right? I think I might just get mustard. Yeah. But, you know, for the baseline test, you order it exactly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

as it's presented, and in this case, that's what we do with the hot dog,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

and there was nothing nothing on it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

Yeah. So I'm looking I'm looking at the picture. They have relish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

they have two tomatoes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

and they have sport peppers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

And it looks like there's some onions too, and there was nothing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

Yep. Nothing, nothing, nothing. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

there's even it's so funny. There's a hot tip at our Shaq Made cheese sauce, a special blend of cheddar and American.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

I didn't even see a prompt for that. Like, if that's a hot tip, then on your system, when I'm placing the order, you should present that. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

But I the the hot dog was dry. It it was like Hot dog was dry. Not pleasant to chew and the bun was actually Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

Yeah. So I don't I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

I'm not sure that we got a bad presentation here. I think the way that they make it is implicitly flawed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:34]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:36]

it just was not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

It was not good. So I do not recommend the hot dog. I think if I took my kids there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

and they were like, oh, daddy, I want a hot dog. I would probably veto it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

It looks like chicken bites on the menu. They could go with chicken So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

the main attraction is in the name, think. Right? Like if you call yourself the Shake Shack,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

you better have a darn good shake. Right? Is that fair? I mean, it's like, if you call yourself Stan's Burgers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

then you better have the best darn burger. Right? Like, if you make a good, you know, chicken salad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

as well, like, that's fine, but that's not the main thing. You've gotta you gotta go strong with what's in your name. So we ordered a shake. Do you remember which shake you ordered? I got the chocolate shake because that is how I judge all milkshakes. Yep. You are My baseline. Gold standard, your baseline. Yeah. I did cookies and cream,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

then we had to for 50¢ extra

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

50¢ extra. 50¢ extra per milkshake. We had to add I shouldn't say we had to. We chose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

to add whipped cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

Or whipped product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

Whatever it is. Whatever it was, it was not worth 50¢. No. I'll say that much. There was nothing special about this whipped cream. I I really like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

Also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

like in flavor. This is the way the balloon profits. Right? By having every Joker that gets a milkshake add a 50¢,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

you know, little dollop of whipped cream. Not worth it. I'm not even sure it was worth the calories that are added to the to the drink. Probably not. Right? 70 additional calories for 50¢ of displeasure. That's that's what the whipped cream was. Now Didn't even, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

make the presentation really stand out or anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

Nope. It was a I mean, it was it was a rather shallow dollop if I'm being completely candid here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

But how was your chocolate shake, John? Chocolate shake was alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

Relatively thin shake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

which I'm okay with. Some people wouldn't be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

Overall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

flavor was good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:40]

with except for the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

whipped cream.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:45]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:47]

nothing to make it really stand out. Nothing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:49]

to really disqualify it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Oh, yeah. So I got cookies and cream, and I would say this. I think they could have broken up the cookie portion of the cookies and cream. It's basically Oreos. Could have broken that up a bit more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

I agree it was a thin milkshake. I think the actual substance of the milkshake itself was flavorful. It was delightful. Personally, I prefer it a bit thicker. Not super thick, but I would like it a little bit thicker than it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

I do not believe that this was a one off. I think that that what we got was probably pretty consistent because Yeah. I believe that they were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

both pretty thin. And because they're so thin, they do come with a standard straw, not a milkshake. They do come with a standard straw. And and I think that also is a misstep, at least for the cookies and cream. I could see how it would work fine with your chocolate. I never had any problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

slurping up milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

The the cookie chunks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

would jam it up a bit. So, you know, kinda to be expected when you've got a standard straw and you're not breaking your cookies up as much as you can. I would say this was not a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

oh my gosh. I'm blinking. Dairy Queen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

Blizzard. It was not a blizzard. Right? Not like a cookies and cream blizzard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

It wasn't bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

If I went again, I would probably try a different milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

but, you know Alright. John, I think on the milkshake question, we we really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

this this begs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

was this better or worse than our gold standard, which is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

Five Guys. Don't know if it's our gold standard, but it's Well, I think so you there are milkshakes out there, right, that are so superior,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

they stand on their own. Yep. But they're not generally accessible. Right. Right? I call Five Guys the gold standard because regardless of where you are at in this beautiful country we call America,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

you can find a Five Guys and get a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

And at least in my experience, it will come out with a certain amount of consistency,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

is just good. They hit it in the right spots. Right? Whether it's straw, whether it's thickness, whether it's the, layer to which things are ground up. They always ask you if you want whipped cream, it does not cost extra, and you'll get a cherry on top.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:53]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:54]

And So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

you're gonna get some hate mail for the people who live near Five Guys that doesn't actually have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:01]

milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

Wait. There are Five Guys that don't have milkshakes? There are. Oh, this I did not know. Alright. Well, that's sad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

That's truly sad. So here's what we need to do. Start a petition.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

Five Guys changes their name to Five Guys burgers and shakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

and everybody has a shake. There you go. Because I would for them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

Not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

No. They're not. And it's in the name. You're getting ahead of us. Oh, okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

real quick though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

the milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

better or worse than Five Guys?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

The milkshakes are worse than Five Guys. Yeah. I think definitively. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

the last thing that we got were french fries. Right? And this is not in the name Shake Shack, but it is in the name Five Guys and Fries. Yep. Right? We've already established that Five Guys fries, not good. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

I I think these fries were worth stopping for. They were. They were a respectable french fry. They're kind of like Portillo's french fries,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:00]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

with a crispy exterior.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

Yeah. Superior crunch. So they're crinkle cut. Right? And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

they were truly fluffy on the inside, and they had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

a layered crunch to them. It was like there was more than just an initial crunch on the outside and then you were into the fluff. There was like a staggered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

crunch and then you hit the fluffiness, but nothing hurt my teeth. You did comment they were a little overly salted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

Yep. Which is I think that's probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

whoever seasoned them that time. Right. The mistake on the fryer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

But I I would order those again. I think they were actually totally worth it. And they were still warm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

even as we were finishing them. So Yep. Yep. They were they were warm after we finished our milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

after we had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

finished that that hot dog that I washed down with a poorly made lemonade iced tea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

after after everything had settled, they were still warm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

So the Shake Shack experiment, I would say, maybe I'd do it again. I wouldn't go out of my way. Definitely won't cross town to get there again. Yep. It is where it is. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

So two more things we have to talk about. They did have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:13]

bags

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

out front

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

by where people would be in line,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

and we played that. Yeah. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

what's it called? That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

it's not just bags. They're Cornhole. It was Cornhole. Games of Cornhole. Yeah. So we played cornhole while we were waiting for them to make our food, and and I thought that was that was fun. Right? We didn't keep score, so maybe we aren't as competitive as I made you sound earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

I won. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

What's the other thing? The other thing is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

the actual,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

like, marketing and how the building looks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:48]

Does not look like a burger joint. It looks like a taco joint. Taco joint or like some hipster

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

coffee place, but like Maybe a smoothie place. Something like smoothie place. Yeah. Green is the predominant color.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:01]

It's got kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

modern

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:05]

line art in their logo and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

the font is all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

modern like. So Yeah. I think there's an expectation that a burger joint will be a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

weathered looking. I don't know. You know, in some ways, it also kinda reminds me of Chipotle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Granted without the, like, you know, the the buffet kind of approach, but True. I I think in terms of seating and all that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

so just it just looked different. In fact, so much so that when we were at the light trying to figure out where this place was, it was literally right in front of us

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

and we couldn't tell. And I think that's one, because it doesn't look like a burger joint, and two, because the actual word Shake Shack or words rather are in this like very thin silvery print, and it was just overcast enough that like you couldn't Could see. It was not yeah. It wasn't distinguishable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:55]

So Can you name another chain burger place

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

that doesn't have red somewhere in their logo?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

Oh, that's a good question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

Another burger joint I mean chain. Well, Culver's. Culver's is blue. You're right. Yep. Yeah. Culver's. Culver's. But McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

Burger King They do. Wendy's. Wendy's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

Yep. Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

Fascinating. I've never noticed that. In an out burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

No, not burger. Yeah. I'm gonna be Whataburger is orange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

Which is like a shade of red, you know? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

We'll go with it. We'll go with it. But green,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:32]

like, I don't know. I don't know what that's supposed to say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

Well, so this place prides itself on fresh ingredients. I think green makes me think fresh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

So so maybe that's the connection there, but honestly, like, I think everything about the architecture and decor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

spoke to me as, like, this is a salad place. Right. You know? Maybe a hamburger salad, but not not a, like, hamburger on a bun. Not a burger joint. Not a burger joint. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

Alright, John. That was Shake Shack. I'm trying to remember. We came back, we made pizza, and then I think we put on the pork shoulder. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

Yep. That sounds about right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

by this point, I was pretty darn tired, I think. And then We watched the last episode of Bad Batch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

We did. Which is the only episode of Bad Batch that I've ever seen. So we've spoiled it for you. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

if you're at home taking notes and you haven't watched Bad Batch because you're just not a nurse in cartoons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

I will say this. If you've read the books,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

like like the Legends books and you're familiar with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

the original Thrawn series,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

they will show you Tantas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

And if you don't know what Mount Tantas is, you should Google it. I'll just leave it at that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

John's like, I this this is too nerdy for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

We did stop at Kroger on the way back from Shake Shack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

Yep. And we got Manhattan fixings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

We did. Last time we did gin cocktails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

This time we did Manhattans using Bullet Rye. Bullet Rye. I can't remember what brand sweet vermouth we got, but it was one that I've never had, but was tasty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

I enjoyed it. And then we we bought the cheap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

or I should say the affordable cherries.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

Right. We didn't go Kroger brand. We wanna step up. Yeah. But my neighbor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

up the way, pinched it for us and had the fancy cherries. What are they called now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

Luxardo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:22]

Those are pretty darn good. Yes, they are. But you didn't wanna buy a jar of them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

Well, now that I know what they taste like, I might be more inclined to. I mean, it's like, it's one thing to buy a $25 thing of cherries if you don't know what they taste like. Yep. You know? I I would say we were very generous using my neighbor's cherries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

I would maybe be less generous if I bought them myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

I said it. I said it. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

But we we also put a pork shoulder on and this was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

your first experience with my Traeger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

Right? Well, the meatloaf. Well, I mean, meatloaf. But yeah. But I mean, like, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

I think this really kind of, like, put it through the motions. And so my question to you is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

first of all, was it good pork shoulder? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

Was it smoky? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

Does the does the Traeger hold its own in terms of barbecue?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

I think it does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

There we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

So we did that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

I'm curious, you said you said the meatloaf is not the best meal you had. I know it wasn't the Shake Shack. Nope. Was it the pork?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

I don't think so, Stan, but the the pork was darn good and I ate way too much of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

The meal itself, the pork meal was the best,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

but it was not the best meat that I had all weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

Okay. So the with the pork meal, we did homemade from scratch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

macaroni and cheese. Yep. It was not baked macaroni and cheese. It was just macaroni and cheese, but we used Boar's Head American cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

as the primary product. There's a little bit of adobo sauce and, chilies, and then there is bacon in it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

So it's actually relatively simple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

And there's other stuff going on right in the base, but but you give them a saying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

then we've got this, like, healthified

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

barbecue bean recipe, which I it's not overly sweet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

and I think that's why I like it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:18]

They're delicious. They are probably the best barbecue beans I've ever had. Oh, wow. That's high now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

Well and the the first time you had them, that was a 100% experiment. So we found those on the Internet. Maybe I can dig up the recipe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

and and you can put it in the show notes. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

Okay. I was thinking, now that I'm thinking back on it, is there any mac and cheese left, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

There might be. So So you need you need to add some hot sauce to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Oh, yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

Sharps is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

something we routinely add to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

But but the thing I've I've got kind of a rule. Like, I'll eat, macaroni and cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

when I primarily sit down, right, and then the next day with leftovers. But then it's all up to Lucy. Yeah. Because I otherwise, I would eat all of it, John. Yep. And I wouldn't be able to move. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

we we played tennis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

before pork. I forgot about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

Right? Or did we do that Sunday? We did that. No. We played tennis

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:15]

Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

That was Saturday. Okay. So we only played tennis and that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

I mean, I feel like I didn't embarrass myself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

You know, we were playing with an NCAA

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

athlete and then, you know, the well seasoned tennis player, which is John Kolmeier. I don't know about well seasoned, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

we do need

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:36]

I think I wanna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

play missus Lemon one on one and see how much she really beats me by. Play an actual game. You aren't you aren't to that level yet, Stan. No. I'm not. I barely know what I'm doing. My goal is just to not embarrass myself. Right? And that's Not to hit it with many things. Over. Exactly. Which is And I think Henry's forte.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

Hen yes. That's definitely Henry's forte. And if you notice that he doesn't like to run after it when he does that, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

So we did that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

We also did some lawn work because, you know, John, the the lawn care

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

master

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

of of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, came to Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

We trimmed a tree. Did. Showed me how to spread fertilizer properly. Was there any other yard work we did? We trimmed two trees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

Oh, so we trimmed both trees. Yep. So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

slightly test out the lawn mower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

And what's the verdict? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

really like the lawnmower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

Not only is it a good cut, it's really a it's really a pleasure to push. It is. Like, I would be out there mowing every other day. Oh, every other day. So so you're sold on the personal pace by Toro though? I am. Alright. When are you gonna get yours?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:49]

When I move to a new house or my fence goes in. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

What else do we have on this list of things that we did? Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

Fertilizer tree. Played Krokonole.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:01]

Yes. We did play Krokonole,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:04]

you heard about from my father-in-law who is obsessed with games, kind of fanatical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

But I will say

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

that I would probably play this game with him because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

You hear that, Mark? You heard that here. It's recorded. You can play it back whenever John is fighting you not to play a game. Because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

there are only two rules.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:28]

Only two rules. Yeah. Not I think 27. I think it's I think it's a fun little game. I think, you know, the the stakes are pretty low. So Yep. And the game could end up taking three hours if you're as bad as we were when we played.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

Yeah. It we definitely had a long first run. It was probably not the best way to sell it, but, you know, what are gonna do? Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

John, I think that was a successful trip. I'm looking forward to your next return.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

We gotta figure out how I mean, I guess I guess you're right. We probably should make this into a reminders list. That would be the right way to do it. Yep. So I think a bike ride should be a bike ride and tennis are just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:05]

ongoing. Always on the list? Yeah. Okay. You have to find an indoor tennis court though if we come in the winter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

Yeah. I don't even know where we'd where would I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

I'll do some research, Sean. I'll do some research.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

alright, my friend. I am really grateful you came out to hang out with me and eat a ton of food and Are we gonna talk about my favorite meal from the weekend?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:27]

Oh, I did that's what we forgot. It wasn't on the list. This was bonus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

This is bonus. Yeah. Because actually, I think we changed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

I think I changed this Thursday morning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

or maybe Wednesday night. Yeah. I I totally forgot about this. Gosh. I was about ready to wrap up the podcast. That we we smoked wings. We did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:45]

Two different sauces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

We did. So I I found this Heinz makes a honey racha

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

thing that's in a, like, ketchup bottle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

It's it's supposed be honey and sriracha sauce mixed together, and then we did a traditional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

buffalo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

sauce using Frank's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

Let's see. We smoked them at a 165 degrees

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

for one hour,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

and then we,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

we took them off and we spun them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

in their respective sauces, and we put them back on the smoker, same same same unit, right, at 450 degrees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

And we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

I would say we probably did fifteen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

to twenty minutes on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

at that higher temp, and we flipped them once Yep. Throughout. The Honey Racha ones cooked a little bit faster, which I'm still not entirely sure why.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

They were on the hot side of the grill. I guess. Although, I don't understand why that's the hot side, but, you know Yeah. That's a that's a different conversation for another time. What'd you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

So good. The honey racha ones were okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

Generally, I like my wings to be more spicy and not so sweet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

the buffalo wings

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

are they're even better than when you grilled buffalo wings for me one time. Ew. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

I was thinking about this. They they soaked up far more smoke flavor than I expected them to. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

I I really was not anticipating that. And then because we pulled them when we did to spin them, we were able, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

to to cook them at a high enough heat long enough to get a crunch Yep. On the outside, so there were no soggy skins or anything like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

I think we brought them to about an internal temp of about one seventy five, which sounds high, but we've had this conversation before. Right? If if you don't go high enough with dark meat, it can be rubbery. Yep. Right? I thought they were pretty moist too. Yep. And they came off the bone, and that was great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

Everybody ate them up. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

yeah, I felt like that was a win. That was a little bit of a surprise for me. I I really didn't know how that was gonna go, but I'm gonna be doing them again. It's almost guaranteed. In fact, you suggested that I do them for every Steelers game moving forward. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

And I can't say right now that that's not gonna happen. Especially since,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

like, you throw them on the trigger,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

you spin them, and you flip them once. So it's like five minutes of hands on time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

Pretty pretty low maintenance, all things considered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

One last thing I forgot before we wrap up here. You did we we talked about this in the last episode. You did try the Miller 64.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

I did. What was the verdict?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:17]

Not my favorite Miller product ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

But not awful. Right? Come on. I did drink the whole thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

Okay. So if it had been awful, you would have dumped it? Maybe. Like, you would have handed me a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:31]

quartz light or something or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

You you passed? Okay. Maybe. Today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

learned. Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

That my friend is an episode. That's an episode next week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:43]

Episode 150,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:45]

Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

Woah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

Big times. Alright. This is Stan. Let me remind you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

Go get a vaccine.

