---
title: Apple Money Grab... or security concerns?
episode: 13
date: '2018-10-11T11:32:45.000Z'
slug: apple-money-grab-or-security-concerns/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So I fell asleep as soon as I got home from work today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

You know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

there's a couple things that are odd about that statement. First, that you went somewhere for work,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

and second, that you fell asleep in the middle of the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

I mean, it was not the middle of the day. I got back at 04:30.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:45]

that was, like, 03:30 my time, so kind of the middle of the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

No. No. No. No. I mean, middle of the day is like noon. You know, maybe 01:00.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

04:30 is it's practically the evening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:58]

So this is the episode where we argue about semantics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

You think that we're just doing that for the first time in this episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

No. But that appears to be the tone that you've set for this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

Okay. That's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

had a text message from you that said this could be the week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

Don't think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

that I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

actually said that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

Oh. I It was. You did. Yeah. You just didn't read the whole text message. It was not because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

I am an introvert, and it keeps me from all of these awesome experiences

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

like a pie milkshake at the hamburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

Alright. So the thing that began

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

the entire discussion about the milkshakes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

Still has not happened. Yep. K. And it is less than a mile from church. Like, I can walk there, and I would walk there because there's no parking over there. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

one of these days, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:01]

I haven't had a milkshake in a while,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

which is probably good because I also haven't been bicycling for a while or really any sort of vigorous activity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

John, I'm I'm disappointed because I had yet another milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

And I could talk about it, but I just feel like then I'm flapping my gums. It's it's not really a conversation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

Well, we've had the obligatory

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:26]

milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

discussion

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

already.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

So you can either

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

talk about this one that you've had or we can push it off till another time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

Alright. Since you twisted my arm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

I went I went to Steak and Shake, which I hadn't been to yet, and I got a milkshake there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

And here's here's what I'm I'm pretty sure like, I got chocolate. Right? Because that's my gold standard. And I think they actually scooped, like, ice cream for the chocolate milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

Yeah. There was no syrup. So the problem that I've had, the fundamental problem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

still wasn't that great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

Well, they can treat the yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

I mean, it it wasn't bad, but have you ever had ice cream that was in the freezer too long and it, like, it got a little bit of freezer burn? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

That usually happens at home, not at some place that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

has shake in their name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Well, you would think. Right? So so but it gets that like crystallized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

texture. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. I I could like, feel that through the whole milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

you know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

let missus Lemon try it too. She said there's like, it was a little bit of a weird taste. I don't know what that means, but it it wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

it was different. And I I actually did enjoy the fact that it wasn't syrupy, but, you know Right. What are you gonna do? You know, missus Kolmeyer stopped at a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:56]

steak and shake signature

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

yesterday on her way back from Southern Illinois,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

and she got a chocolate milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

And I should have asked her more about this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:06]

Or if I had a way to record her,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

we could call her right now, but I don't know what she's doing. So probably shouldn't Wait. Hold hold on. What what is what is a steak and shake signature?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:18]

So it's like an express steak and shake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

like, that has a smaller

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:24]

menu and usually is next to a gas station or something like that. Kinda like a Pizza Hut Express,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

but a steak and shake signature

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

in Canton, Missouri.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

I I honestly didn't know that there was such a thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

I don't think I did either before I stopped in Canton, Missouri and sought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

Are are you sure that Canton, Missouri isn't, like, the only

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

steak and shake signature in The United States? I don't think that Canton, Missouri would be the only anything in The United States.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

Well, it's possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

Yep. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

I still don't believe we've got listeners, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

But they just keep asking you questions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:14]

None of the listeners who are listening because of me have asked questions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:17]

So Woah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

Man, don't be sour. That's my job.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:23]

No. So twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

Did you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Tom Dalbo hit us up on Twitter. Did you happen to read the article? I did not. I probably should have read that before we started. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

Oh, John. Alright. So you then you probably haven't seen anything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

on the interwebs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

about the whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

MacBook Pro repairability.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:46]

I have not. I know that people complain that they can't fix their own machines

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

all the time when it comes to Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

Well, yeah. I mean, that's been true for a long time. Right? Especially with the laptops.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

And and you when you look at, like, the the desktops, the iMacs especially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

which are basically just laptop components with a big screen. But, you know, all of those, you And low portability.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

Yeah. Right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

Although,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

I have seen pictures of a carrying case for the iMac Pro. Think about that. I believe that because have you seen what they're shipped in? You probably haven't bought an iMac for a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

Last iMac I brought bought was eleven and a half years ago. Because the box kinda looks like a briefcase now. I don't know what it looked like when you bought it, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

Haven't it's always been like a stand up thing and it had a handle. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

Yeah. Yeah. Well, so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

you know, forever, you've not been able to, like, upgrade memory or hard drive by yourself because those things are soldered to the board. So when you go to I think we've even talked about this when we bought our laptops. Right? Like, you make a decision about how much storage or how much memory you have, and that that decision is really made for the life of laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

Most recently, apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

do you ever look at the iFixit teardowns?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:03]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

I I'm not an Apple nerd like you. We were just talking about this the other day, Stan, when I finally realized that one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

Apple usually had the same time in all of their screenshots,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

and two, there was a reason that it was nine forty one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

Oh, John. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

So iFixit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

breaks down the hardware, gives it kind of like a repairability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

score. But they, you know, they literally get a brand new piece of Apple equipment, and they strip it down. Right? Check out exactly what parts are inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

learn things about the hardware that, you know, Apple was not gonna release in their tech specs or whatever. It's it's kinda cool. Get some pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

They've also got, like, repair guides, and they sell tools.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

It's it's a pretty cool website. I highly recommend just checking it out because it's, I don't know, it's entertaining. I enjoy it. But they one of the things that happened is with these new laptops that you and I got,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

they started to look at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

whether or not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

and I I don't know why they started doing this, but apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

Apple has the ability to kind of lock, like it's a software lock,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

if service is done that is not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

by an authorized Apple service provider.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

Right. Does that make sense? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

So, you know, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

let's say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

you your hard drive goes bad or whatever. You didn't buy the Apple warranty or whatever. You go into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

you know, Joe's soldering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

and magical computer repair shop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

and he refixes it for you. Right? So the the the idea is that macOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

will or or maybe it's at the firmware level. I didn't really read that closely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

Prevent the computer from functioning because of what is now considered tampering rather than repairing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

And I you know, the Internet kinda freaked out. Like, Apple's just trying to make extra money, all this and the other thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

And I think I think that's actually not the case. So, you know, Apple's notorious for high margins, but I I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

Without looking at the note that I put in our note stock, do you have any idea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

why our laptops in particular might have this functionality?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

I don't really based on the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

MacBooks that we have, but Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

is all about user experience and security.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

You see that in the App Store especially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

So I I would guess that it's something along the lines of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

they don't want some random

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

repair shop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:42]

putting something in that's gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

key logging or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:47]

providing a backdoor access to your computer, use power, and hack something else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

Bingo. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

the our laptops in particular have the t two chip in them, which Right. Is it it does a couple things. Right? It's the secure enclave for the the Touch ID.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

But it also has,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

it's it's like a controller on I'm gonna say this totally wrong. So if somebody's super nerdy and they Google this, it might might come up wrong. But, basically, it it's a controller on the hard drive that actually makes the encryption of the drive faster

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

and and at the hardware level rather than at the software level, which is how hard drive encryption previously worked on on older Macs. So that's the FileVault stuff. So literally, it's it's just low level encryption. But when you look at, like, the t two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

it does a bunch of bunch of stuff, but it's mostly security focused. And so what they don't want is someone coming in making modifications to your computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

that would compromise the t two, its security,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

and and all that good stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

So I was right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

Yeah. Reading the article. That's right. Without without reading the article or my notes. I think the important thing is this starts with this computer because it's the t two. I don't think it's Apple just trying to make an extra buck. I think there are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

extra protections in place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

from a purely security standpoint because we know that, you know, equipment can be compromised in all kinds of new and crazy ways today. And so, yeah, Apple's just doing their due diligence,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

especially now considering the t two chip. So I mean Tom Delbo, if you're listening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

that's it. So historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:25]

Steve Jobs has always been very security focused.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

There's a great great interview

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

Walt Mossberg's doing it, and they ask all these people about security right after Facebook had some leak. Surprise. Surprise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:41]

And then Steve Jobs is very adamant about location data specifically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:45]

Is that alright? So app developers can't just ask to use your location data. They have to make a call to Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:53]

to then prompt you, can you use the location data?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

And Steve Jobs is very adamant about asking them every time and to ask them until you tell them to stop asking you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

being very transparent with what data they're collecting and what they're using.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:11]

And I hope, and I think that this kinda shows that that's still a priority

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:16]

for Apple, not just in mobile, but in the laptop world too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

Yeah. No. I I definitely think that's true. You know, I I don't even remember how long ago now it was. Tim Cook had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

a little zinger where he was like, you know, our our customers aren't our product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

which was a dig at Google,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

right, where where you are the product because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

I mean, they're they're basically making money off you and your browsing experience. Apple's trying to make money off of the hardware and their software and their services,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

not necessarily,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

you know, you through advertising or you through, you know, behavior metrics. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

whether or not you believe it, like, think I think there's something fundamentally different in the business model, and and I think there is some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

some spine to Apple's take on security.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

I'm obviously an Apple fanboy. I'm biased, but I I do think that there is no other company that I'm aware of today that seems to take

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

your security as an individual as seriously as Apple does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

And that's that's huge

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:20]

in our current time and moving forward.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

And people don't even think twice about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:25]

What they post on the Internet using Facebook or sending

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:30]

passwords through email or anything of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:36]

you can just kinda see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:38]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:40]

things get out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:41]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

I'm thinking of the Hillary Clinton servers and stuff like that. And then you personally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

it's all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

these marketers and people who wanna sell your data

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

and really compromise your personal security.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

And then there's all these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

bank hacks that are happening or credit cards. I mean, I get a new card, like, every six months from my bank. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

it's not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

I don't think that people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:12]

either think about it or really care.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

When I was working in IT support, it was like, well, what are people gonna want with my data anyway?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:19]

Well, they want either a, the power of your machine so that they can go after bigger targets, or b, if they get your financial data and stuff that can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

put you in a world of hurt for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:32]

years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

trying to clean all that. Yeah. I think so so you kinda you kinda blended two concerns there. Right? One is just security from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

hackers. Right? People with nefarious intentions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

But there's also that whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

There's there's a whole I don't I don't wanna say it's it's not it's not hackers, but I'm not I'm not unwilling to call it nefarious either, which is the Googles and Facebooks of the world, which which basically, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

when you think about it, you you send an email to a friend. I send an email to you on Gmail now. Right? And I say, hey, John. I'm thinking about going camping. And then, you know, next time I hop on Google, the little shopping tab suggests tents.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

Right? That kind of thing. Mhmm. That that sort of social engineering is capable because of just the way that Google thinks about you as the product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

And I'm not saying that Google is is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

evil across the board. I've I've made an intentional decision to limit the number of Google products I use because I I just don't I don't know. I don't I don't dig that way of doing stuff. You might be comfortable with it, but that's that's the kind of thing that I think is a is a fundamentally different perspective

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

on the Apple side of the equation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

And it's only gonna get worse, man. Like, I'm terrified if Anna and I were ever to have children

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:48]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

start posting images of my children on the Internet, and then they their whole life is really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

chronicled living somewhere out there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:58]

for the next data compromise to come around. And then they have names and images and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

everything, interests,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

So maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

maybe I'm just overly cautious,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

but that kind of thing kind of terrifies me looking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

twenty five, fifty years down the road.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

Well, get ready, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

If the day should come when a little coal mine is running around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

you you may not post those pictures, but I've got a feeling that, in laws who I'm sure don't listen to this wouldn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

wouldn't hesitate to post some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

Yeah. I I think there will definitely be a conversation with family members,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

at that time. And you may you may hear me yell, which I think you've heard maybe once in your whole life, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

Maybe once. Maybe once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

That'd be, that'd be really interesting episode to record. John reacting to family posting pictures of children on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:55]

Yep. Alright. I'll get off my security rant for now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

Unless there's something else you wanna talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

Milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

security, and mortgages. Right? That that could be could be the new tagline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

And all three go together. Mortgages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

how's how's the house shopping going?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

So we found a property that Anna really, really likes, and I like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

aspects of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

So right now, I am kind of doing some research after we're done recording. I'm gonna pull some numbers. I got utility numbers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

kinda ranges

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

for initial offer there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

kinda see what my budget looks like in this scenario.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

So move on from there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Alright. So it could be getting serious. Next time we record, you could be a homeowner.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

Possibly. Or at least in the process of procuring a Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

I think I think that should have an offer. But yeah. Yeah. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

Good deal. So have you thought about whether or you're gonna do a fifteen or thirty year mortgage?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

So I went with the thirty year mortgage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

At least that's what I am prequalified for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

And that goes against Dave Ramsey stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

really, the reasoning behind that is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

cash flow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

Cash flow issues and having enough of my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

income

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

that I can kinda delegate what's gonna be done with it, whether that's going into retirement funds or paying more on the mortgage. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

you and I have the discipline where we actually would pay more on the mortgage

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:34]

because of our utter hatred of being in debt and just having

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:39]

some of that income locked up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

There's other people who might not have that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

what's that word?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

Not responsibility,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

but something else. You know what I'm talking about. Discipline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

Discipline. That works. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:56]

So go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

ahead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

Well, I I was just thinking, like like, Ramsey's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Ramsey's whole thing, right, is you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

he's he's all about the fifteen year mortgage. And the the fundamental reason is not because it's, like, a shorter term

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

with, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

higher monthly payments. It's because you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

we in the life of a fifteen year mortgage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

you pay a lot, and I mean a lot less interest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

I think the thing and we've talked a little bit about this in the past. The thing that that I'm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

I don't know, honestly, not sold on, but I like, that that that strikes me is I don't believe that most people, especially our age,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

buy a home

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

and live there for the the life of their mortgage. Right? I don't I don't think most even if it's fifteen years, I don't that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

people in our generation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

move into a home and stay there the whole time. I I think they typically sell it. Right? Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

I think that changes, at least from my standpoint, that changes the way that you view

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

a mortgage. I also think that, you know, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

the the whole, like, smaller payment thing is nontrivial.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

This this goes I think this goes against some some pretty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

commonplace,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

you know, perspective on on doing mortgages, but I I think it actually makes sense to sometimes do a thirty year, especially especially if you don't think you're gonna, you know, live there for the full life of the mortgage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:25]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:27]

Yeah. So that was really the thing. So if I followed Dave Ramsey's plan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

he says fifteen year mortgage, no more than 25%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

of your take home pay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

The way that I'm looking on that is purely based off of my income.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:44]

So Anna's income is not involved in that at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

So that gets me, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:53]

it would put me at a house value of under a $100,000,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

and that puts us in a really bad part of town and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

probably not very good condition.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:02]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:04]

so I made the trade off there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

by going

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:09]

30. I am under 25%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

of my take home pay just looking at what I'm approved for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

And then it opens up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

not only more of my income, which is what I'm trying to budget off of, but then we also have all of Anna's income currently

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

that could go towards the mortgage in the meantime too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

So I think I think you're touching on something that's really important, which is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

you know, whose income you're basing off of and and how much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

so so rewinding just a bit. Right? I think Dave Ramsey's general rule about no more than 25% of your take home pay

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

is is a really wise rule to apply.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

I think most people will find that that will dictate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

how much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

they save up for a down payment. Right? That, like, that'll that'll drive what that number is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

Right. Without that, it's really hard to determine what that guardrail is when doing a mortgage. And I think 25% is good too because, first of all, it's a lot it's a lot of money. Right? You know? $25 out of every 100, you're spending

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

the the walls, the four walls around you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

any more than that, like, you what you're doing is you just kinda tighten

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

the cuffs on your hands from a financial standpoint in terms of what you can do So you get less less wiggle room. And wiggle room is important not just so that you can go out to eat at the Hamburg Inn and get milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

but also so that, you know, when an emergency comes up, you're not caught completely off guard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

The the two income thing, I think, is you're wise beyond your years, John, because a lot of people don't think in that mode. Right? They think of us of of, like, both incomes lumped together. And I can't believe I'm gonna mention this, but do do you know who Elizabeth Warren is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

I've heard the name, but I can't place it. She's a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

preliberal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

US senator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

And and so, you know, we just lost,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

you know, half of the two listeners we have now. But Elizabeth Warren wrote a book called The Two Income Trap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

I think there's some really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

valuable aspects to it, is that that our society kind of thinks in terms of, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

two incomes being able to support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

everything, right, in our lives. And this is risky, especially if you wanna have kids and and I mean, your your your two income dependency starts making decisions for you. It it limits your your freedom and ability to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

do different and and and do differently and control kind of your destiny. So I think that's a really wise move. It's it's hard though. I'm not gonna I won't downplay that. I think you kinda highlighted that by the the thirty year bit. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

I learned that advice from you when I was still single and working two jobs is to budget all based off of one income.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

Yeah. I think then too, part of it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

you don't like, there's there's always a chance you get to that burnout phase. I think it's just about sustainability. Right? Right. And and what what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

can you maintain and last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

over the long tail? And and I think that's that's one job. Right? May not be the job that you have now, but it's it's one job. And I think the other thing too is, you know, things can change economically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

What if what if one of you loses a job? Right? God forbid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

You don't wanna find yourself in a position where that mortgage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

really sinks you. And and so I think that's another kinda aspect to it. So there's just all these things that play in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

I I think the thirty year thing makes a lot of sense. I think when you have the ability to pay down extra,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

you are able to kinda tilt the tables. Right? So with a thirty year payment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

the the front end of your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

mortgage payments is almost all interest,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

and you can kinda, like, turn that upside down on its head. So let's I I these numbers are totally made up. But if a fifteen year is gonna cost you a thousand dollars a month and a thirty year is gonna cost you $800

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

a month, but you could you could make that extra 200 difference,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

you know, with your second income or whatever, if you go to the 30 route and you take an extra 200 and throw it each month at the mortgage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

you're gonna actually make a bigger punch to your principal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

than than maybe going the the fifteen year route. You gotta do the math. Don't hold me to that. But I think I think that that can hold true, and it gives you more ability to go with that mortgage aggressively. There's no reason you can't pay your thirty year off in fifteen years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

I'm with you. And I think we should mention too that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

there there are things that you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

don't do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

when you're either saving up for a down payment or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:58]

you're putting a dent in the mortgage when you're maybe your income is still in that entry level area.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

Like, Anna and I aren't going to Disney World two times a year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

And Hey, man. I only went once this year. Yeah. And you have the bandwidth to afford that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

We're we're still trying to get our financial feet on the ground here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

So, like, if you can afford it, do it. If there's if that's a priority for you more than, you know, having a paid off house and just making bank,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

I'm all for that too. It all comes down to what you're prioritizing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:35]

here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

Yeah. Definitely. And so so one thing I think you you kinda just hinted on. Right? Like, I imagine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

as you're saving aggressively for your down payment, that plus your rent, is that and and you I guess you don't have to answer this if you don't want to, but it'd be kinda awkward if you don't. Is that more than what you anticipate paying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

per month

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

on your mortgage payment?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

Oh, absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

Because we're So We're saving a second income too for that down payment fund.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

Yep. So that that plays into things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

You're gonna be more nimble on the other side of this by virtue of that. I think, you know, the key there is saving. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

I I just I I don't think people, like, think through that. Right? Check comes in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

and you spend what you got, and you kinda move on to the next month. The the mortgage question, I think you've probably thought more about this than most people do, which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

also, despite Dave Ramsey's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

advice and I'm not I'm not like a I'm not a Dave Ramsey fanboy, but despite that advice, I think you're making a a good choice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

And, you know, we'll we'll see. Like, I I'm really curious to see if in ten years you're still in this house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

That will be interesting to see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

First first, we have to secure the house and then Well, yeah. There you go. So I guess I should disclose my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

over my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

buying career.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

And I think what do we we count? Kinda this is the fourth house I bought. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

Yeah. So the first three were thirty year mortgages. This one was a fifteen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

and I I'm still paying extra principal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

But I think the thing to keep in mind there is over the first four homes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

because I went with a thirty year and got that payment nice and low,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

I I always paid extra principal. And that that aggressively kinda hit that, and then I got equity out of my sales.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

And so I've been able to find myself a position now where I've got a fifteen year that I think I'm gonna pay off early, which is really it's kinda cool. You know? And and I think to your point about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

creating financial freedom at the other end of savings. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

when this mortgage is done, I might go to Disney World twice a year. We'll see. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:47]

Because what else are you gonna do, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

Because you like Disney World. I think that was episode two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

episode four. You can go back and listen to Stan's Disney World adventure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

There you go. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

I I love I love you could get I could get going right now. I I love Disney World.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

on my calendar invite here, it said with special guest, Lucy Lemon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

and I've not heard Lucy yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

So get this. So, like, two, three episodes ago, she's like, daddy, can I be on your podcast? I was like, I don't know. What do you talk about? She's like, I don't know, but it'll it'll be awesome. I was like, well, think about it. And then she asked me again, and I was like, alright. Fine. Yeah. Yeah. Let me let me check with John. And I think that's when I texted you, hey, would you be open to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

a guest appearance?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

So then last week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

she had asked me, and I forgot when we recorded,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

to to pop hop on with her and just have her say hello or whatever. So I put it in the calendar invite so that I wouldn't forget.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

Well, when I got home, I mentioned it to her. I'm like, hey, what are you gonna talk about? And she's like, I could tell I could tell John about all of my friends. Like, oh, that'd be that'd be interesting. We could also talk about milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

because she likes milkshakes. Although, she's the one kid that doesn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

normally get milkshakes when we go out, so maybe that wouldn't have been a good topic. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

I mentioned that I fell asleep. Right? Right. Maybe maybe that's before we started recording. I fell asleep on the couch. I don't remember. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

she woke me up, and she's like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

I wanna go with my friend to Dick's Sporting Goods. I was like, what? Come again?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

She's like, you know, I I don't know what to do because you're gonna record it. And I just I told her, well, you know, we can always push it out a week. So suffice to say, she went out with her neighborhood friend. You remember the young Cherry?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

I remember the Yes. Neighbor with Blasting Cherry. Yeah. Yep. So went out with her and her family to Dick's Sporting Goods, and that's why you're not hearing her voice. But there will come a day. There will come a day. And to, to make it even more interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

can you guess who is jealous?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

This is this is hard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

because my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:02]

my initial guess is Henry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

But I think Henry has enough going on these days where he's just living in his own world. So was Evelyn jealous?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

Evelyn was not jealous. It was Henry. It was so Alright. Evelyn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

yeah. I I don't know that it registers what I'm doing right now for Evelyn, but Henry is like, oh, Lucy wants to be on the podcast, then I wanna be on the podcast. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:25]

So we'll have to think about that too. I figured this would start a chain reaction.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

I think that at some point, we're gonna have to get our wives

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

on with us,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

and have them talk about us because I think that would be our most listened to episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

and supersede the mortgage one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

That's that's probably true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

Out of curiosity though, does Anna listen to the show?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

She has listened to the first three episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

Okay. She's doing better than missus Lemon. I'm convinced that missus Lemon has not subscribed to my podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

and I probably could double check that when she's asleep, but I won't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

I think the only time she's actually heard it is when I play it for myself, which I know, little weird that I play it myself. But I I like to just kinda hear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

how we did when it's all spliced together. So How did our audio sound last week?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

It sounded a lot better. It sounded a lot better. Alright. I think it was some volume issues. Yeah. There's still some volume issues we gotta work out, but some of the crazy background noise was gone, and and that that was that was wonderful. Hey. You know what I keep forgetting?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

We we never tell people to rate us on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:35]

I think I've mentioned it once.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

But that's huge

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

huge to get more listeners who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

don't know you. I don't know if this podcast would appeal to people who don't know you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

I don't who knows, man? It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

I I I still can't believe that it appeals to people who do know us. But for all two, maybe three listeners that are out there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

might

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:56]

be a strong word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

Whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

If you if you happen to be listening to our voices right now, we don't understand why, but we are very grateful for you. And we would love it if you would go to iTunes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

and rate us, you know. Four stars, of course, or five, whatever the max is. Please don't do anything less. If you do anything less, just we'd rather you not fill it out. But, you know, post something on iTunes so that it makes us look better, feel even better about ourselves, and I can continue to cope with the fact that maybe someone tunes in and listens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

I have been collecting testimonials.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:30]

Oh, boy. So we'll do something with those at some point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

I I'm gonna be honest with you. I you got a little frustrated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

on Twitter, shall we say, with my advertising last week's episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

And I I was thinking to myself, we could actually come up with a testimonials page of just, like, stupid things I've said. My wife likes the whole my wife likes the whole tagline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

this is the best podcast you probably won't listen to. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

You know, so I like, that kind of stuff. I think we could couldn't you imagine just a a page of, like, testimonials?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

And then it's just all quotes from me, like, the best podcast you probably will listen to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

bored out of your mind, well, we'll keep you there, that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

Looking for something to help you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

fall asleep or put your mind in a truly vegetative state.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

That's what it was. That's what it was. I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

gonna have to give you access to our WordPress install so that you can go crazy because that sounds like a lot of work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

I don't I don't know that's in anybody's interest to give me access to the website, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:36]

You're right. That scares me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

Alright, buddy. I'm gonna go out and sample some of Indianapolis's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

pizza and get myself a beer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:45]

Wow. So Hopefully, you find something good or at least something that's close to your level of pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

You know, I I don't I don't really anticipate it coming at that level. I think it's gonna be a little different, and I'm just gonna embrace it and enjoy it. It's like Indianapolis' highest rated pizza. It's it's Jocamos. You can look it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

Alright. We'll talk more about it next week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Cool. Have fun. See you, buddy. See you.

