---
title: On The Interruption of WandaVision
episode: 120
date: 2021-02-04T13:53:16.000Z
slug: on-the-interruption-of-wandavision/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode discusses the host's struggles with playing games that require
  storytelling, such as Star Wars Squadrons and Overwatch. They share their
  experience of enjoying multiplayer games like these, but struggling with the
  narrative aspect. The conversation also touches on the host's appreciation for
  the coordination and teamwork involved in games like Overwatch.
keywords:
  - Overwatch
  - gaming
  - team chat
  - group chat
  - professional teams
  - Groundhog Day
  - COVID-19
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright, John. Another week and another episode of WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

You don't know what I thought about this episode because we haven't talked about it. We haven't talked about it at all, and it's it's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

This was a huge pivot. So first of all, spoiler alert, if you haven't seen WandaVision and you care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

you know, big asterisks around and you care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

we're gonna spoil episode four here. You have loved episode one. If you don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

care about WandaVision,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:55]

we are planning to talk about more stuff, so skip ahead, like, fifteen minutes. Yeah. There you go. Alright. You loved episode one. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

liked episode two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Yep. What was the verdict on episode three? Were you lukewarm? I thought three three was the best one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

Okay. So I went three one two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

I'm I'm not even gonna try to rank them. What did you think of four, John? Because four was completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

and totally different. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

So I watched it twice. The first time, I did not like it at all. The second time, it grew on me a little bit. Okay. Why did you not like it in the first episode? Was it because of the character development?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

No. It was it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

creative

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

laziness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

is what it was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

Like, they could have made the smell much better than they did. It was just kind of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

I don't know, thrown at you. It was a bone to the fanboys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

I okay. Well, I finally screwed there. I what do you mean nailed? Like, what what about give me something concrete to go off here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

So they just jumped in, and it was agents of shield. Like, there wasn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:01]

there could have been something that happened. I mean, they threw three

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

things in one into each episode that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

kinda led us there, but then they just completely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

jump,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:13]

which is why I didn't like it on the first viewing. The second viewing, I saw the name of the title was We Interrupt This Program, which was some good title writers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

stroke of genius there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

So the first three episodes, we have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

what is a sitcom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

that progresses through three different decades. We find out that it is literally a broadcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

that Wanda is projecting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

out from this town Westview.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

We are introduced to two MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

alumni,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

detective Wu

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

from Ant Man and Ant Man and the Wasp. Actually, maybe detective the Wasp. Is the agent Wu. He's agent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

Yeah. I guess he's just in Ant Man and the Wasp. He's not from Right. Ant Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Correct. And then then there's Darcy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

who is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

I I I don't know that she's the sister. I think she's just the sidekick or friend or assistant or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

An apprentice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

to doctor Selvig

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

in Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

Right. And dark world. And when you say apprentice, I think you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

characterizing her much more generously than I would. I literally would have said she went to get the coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

in this episode When you're dealing with the astrophysics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

maybe that is a princess. Which is all just made up. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

she is apparently on top of her game. She's an expert in this field. She's a doctor. Yeah. No longer an apprentice. Good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

catch. Good catch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

And she comes to analyze what's going on because it looks I guess, we had this elevator scene where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

S. W. R. D, not S. H. D, S. W. D. Calls everybody, right, to to diagnose. Correct. I I said this was like an Agents of S. H. L. D. Episode that I was not confusing the organizations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

See, I I thought you liked Agents of Shield. This is what what baffles me. I do. It was just it was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:08]

kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:10]

an abrupt

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

reaction

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:14]

and and changing things. I think if they were gonna go this route, episode two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

should have been focusing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

and then going back and forth, switching the two. You know? Oh, I I totally agree with you. We were three episodes too long onto the sitcom front. So so there there's a place where we agree. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

100% agree with you. This episode was a little late in the making.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

So we've got we've got the discovery that Westview, the town that Wanda has apparently created is not real. This whole thing That's not true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

What what do you mean it's not true? Westview is real.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

Okay. It didn't exist before Wanda created it. Westview

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

did exist before Wanda created it. No. The whole thing starts with the guy from Eastview saying that Westview

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

wasn't there before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

Because everybody on the outside has forgotten about it. The people on the inside, I think, are actual Westview residents.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

I don't believe that's the case. Why do they all have New Jersey

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

driver's license then? That's that's a that's a fair question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

I have a feeling. I mean, I could be wrong,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

but I suspect that Wanda has plucked these folks from places

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

All in New Jersey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:29]

At least who've been identified. All

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

in New Jersey. But I think she's plucked these people for specific reasons. I don't think they just happen to be in the area, and I because I I think there is a limit. There's a boundary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

to her

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

Wait a minute. Control. So the whole reason Jimmy Woo is there is because he had somebody who was in witness protection

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:50]

who was in Westview,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

and they lost him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

No. How was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

Are you sure? I think I'm right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

well, maybe we should pause and go rewatch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

I thought they called a missing person's case on a town that appeared out of nowhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

No. There was a there was somebody in witness protection program that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:14]

agent Wu could no longer locate. So it was a missing person and then changed into a missing town.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:20]

I did watch this twice, I so don't know if you did. But No. I didn't I didn't watch it twice. I So I'm pretty sure that Westview was real. The people on the outside who knew about it are basically and there's this feeling that nobody should come near it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

So Wanda has placed this protective bubble over Westview

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:38]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

made it so the people who knew about it now think that it doesn't exist so they don't interfere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

And then the people inside,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:45]

I guess, the jury's still out there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Okay. Alright. I'm just looking at a recap here. I I don't alright. I'm not gonna doubt you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

I I'm not sure I'm willing to say that I think these people were random, though. But okay. That's I'll I'll allow that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

So, I mean, who you you think this missing person is what? Like, Hydra agent?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

I have no idea. I mean, it was the FBI, so probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

Do you think this person

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

has powers or special abilities?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:19]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

I don't think they they thought that much about this. It was just a way to bring in Jimmy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

Oh, I don't I don't think it's just a way to bring in Jimmy. You don't like so? Mark my words. There will be more to it than that. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

don't know. We'll, we'll find out. So I mean, they could have powers because, I mean, like, Ant Man, he was basically Ant Man's babysitter when he was in lockdown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

Yeah. Yeah. I there's been a lot of suspicion around Agnes on the interwebs, and I wonder if Agnes could be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

one of our one of our evil characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

Did you catch all the hexagons? This was also something the Internet blew up about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

So I just know that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

they wrote on the whiteboard why is this why is it a hexagon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

which I'm guessing is the bubble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

Yeah. The the bubble is actually shaped as a hexagon. There's a lot of actually hexagonal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

imagery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

throughout

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

the show, if you pay attention. That actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

was the third episode with the Brady Bunch like effect on the opening. If you remember, they weren't in squares. They were all in hexagons. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

Yeah. I'm I don't know how that all plays out, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

Alright. We'll see. We digress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

Moving past my selective memory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

and the intro of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

we get some explanation around Monica Rambeau, who is ejected from Yeah. So I I thought on second watch, when I wasn't just in shock,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

I thought that this was really well done, especially the opening scene

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

where they are still capitalizing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

basically, the snapback,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

and how this really affected people throughout the whole world in very specific ways.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

Yep. Yep. So folks just reappearing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

Monica pops up in a hospital where we apparently learn that her mother, Maria Rambo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

was, at some point, sick with cancer, and she stumbles into a doctor that she knew who informs her that her mother, Maria Rambo, in the time that she's been blipped

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

has has died.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

we are clearly, after the blip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

actually, I think we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

we get a little bit more of that then too because as our if she's going back to sword, we find out the the guy that's in charge makes some comment, like, the reason I'm in charge of sword now is because I'm the only person who's left.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

so she appears to be, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

re immersing herself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

into sword. We we already know sword is this, like, parallel organization to shield.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

She is not allowed to fly though, we learned, because of rules that her mother put in place before she passed away. We we learned that her mother,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

Maria, actually helped establish Sword. So there's like, there's a ton there's just a a dump of history, historical information

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

right in that, you know, really, it's like it's the second scene. These were the fanboy references I was mentioning earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

I I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

I don't think this is particularly deep lore, do you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

I mean, like, I wouldn't say that Captain Marvel in and of itself is, like, a mainstream

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

Marvel movie yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:37]

Sure. But She just has one. So it's like touching on a bunch of kind of secondary stuff or tertiary stuff in Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

The the most important part of those opening scenes is the blip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

And I that is definitely mainstream Marvel. Now, everything else you're talking about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

who Monica is in particular, who Maria is in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

I don't think anybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

absolutely needs to know for this to jive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

Right. There are some things I think are really interesting. Right? Like, I went back and watched Captain Marvel this weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

Which I did not do. Yeah. You have Fury actually at the dining room table in one of the closing scenes of the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

looking at Maria and saying, hey, S. D. Could always use a good pilot like you. Right? Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

Maria then responds, I'll consider it. And clearly, was a a lead up to Maria Rambo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

creating S. W. Or helping create S. W. R. Which is what we learned at the beginning of this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

I think there are also some you know, I I've told you this before, Monica Rambeau in the comics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

is actually a superhero. She has powers infused into her from a weapon that goes awry and explodes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

kinda like Captain Marvel. Sure. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

at one point, you know, Captain Marvel in in that movie is saying, like, hey, I'm gonna help you find a home to the scrolls. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

Monica actually says, maybe I could learn to fly and meet you up halfway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

Right? And Nick Fury turns around and responds, only if you learn to glow like your auntie Carol.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

Then, you know, Monica responds back again, or maybe I'll build a spaceship you don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

And so I what I appreciated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

you know, potentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

like, irrelevant conversation at the end of Captain Marvel. It's a little bit of backstory. I don't think you need it, but I think I think it was it was a nice nice little twist there. So there's a commemorative plaque for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

Maria

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

on the wallet sword, and it has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

in quotes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

Is Photon a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:34]

comic superhero?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

That sounds familiar, but I don't I don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

off the top of my head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

K. Looks like yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

Maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

Yep. Photon Genesis Veil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

I don't know if this is who this is based off of, but Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

just seemed like an important little tidbit because they spent a couple seconds on this plaque. I mean, it it could also just be a reference to I I'd have to go back and look and see if any of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

footage of Rambo in Captain Marvel shows her plane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

Right? Because, you know, Captain Marvel's nickname was Avenger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

It was written on the side of her jet. Right. And I could see Photon being on the side of Sure. Monica Rambo's. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

but alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

then we've got Darcy figuring out that there are basically broadcast waves. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

And she she literally tunes in. And one of the cool things is we got we got a glimpse at the end of episode one, right, where someone is was watching on the TV. So we found out that that was actually Darcy. We all thought it was nefarious to begin with, and now now it's not. It's just Darcy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:47]

I gotta say, Darcy's acting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

was pretty on point in this episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:52]

Yeah. She was lots of fun to watch. Yep. And, like, that's just something that I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

okay. This is a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

short

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:01]

nine episode TV season,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

and I think the acting has just been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

really on point, really high caliber for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

any TV show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

Well, we've talked about Olsen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

Also, like, this is, I think, some of the best acting we've seen from her in the MCU. So I yeah. I the quality of acting is is definitely on point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

Darcy and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I guess, tangentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

Wu come up with a way to try and communicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

Wanda. Wanda. Yep. Yeah. They're gonna, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

mess with the radio, and we find out actually that that's that explains a little bit of the awkwardness in episode two with what was it? Dotty at the Yep. At the country club or whatever. So it's I we're getting these explanations. This is what I liked about it. Like, we're getting explanations. There's just some awkwardness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

that permeated through those first three episodes. Yeah. Which I think is what would have made it, like, if they just swapped back and forth on episodes. I think that would have played out better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

Yeah. How would you feel if, Tolkien did that with Lord of the Rings instead of book one and book two?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

I mean, that's essentially what he did. He just took longer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

Yeah. No. No. Nice try. Like, what if they like, I would be fine if they did season two all, like, basically going through everything again. I don't think you would've lasted that long, though. No. No. So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

we wind up we make this broadcast. We've we've got an explanation of how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

Monica gets in there. We got an explanation finally on the helicopter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

We have an explanation on the beekeeper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

Yes. Not AIM. Not AIM. Yeah. I was a little disappointed by that. I ain't gonna lie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

But I thought they did I thought they did well with this in terms of, like, the there there's, like, this threshold to the city where things trans they change. Right? They transform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

We saw with the string that they were using to tie on to They did, like, an old school jump rope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

And it explains why the helicopter that landed in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

the yard looked different as well than the drone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

that Monica Rambo deployed. So again, just tons of explanation here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

A lot more questions still to be asked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

the most significant thing for me was at the very end of the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

We see Wanda eject

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

Monica Rambo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

out of her house and out of her little universe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

far more destructive than I think we realized, first of all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

She pieces it all back together. She turns around, and Vision comes in, and we saw this in episode three, but it's different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

It's Vision's dead body.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

Vision's dead body. Right? So we basically get Vision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

from the end of Infinity Wars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

where, Thanos reaches into his head to to crumble out the stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

there've been a ton of speculation around, like, is that his body? Is that just how she's remembering him? And I'm curious, where do you fall? Is that the real vision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

in his corpse, or is this just an image in her head?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

Hadn't thought about that, had you? I mean, I thought about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

I guess right now, I would lean towards

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

a vision,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

but I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

completely prepared to be wrong on that. I'm I'm in the camp of zombie vision. I think that's who it is. I think that the body was stolen sometime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

after they unblipped,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

because I'm I'm pretty sure Wanda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

yeah, Wanda's blipped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

Actually, I don't know if we don't remember. I have to go back and watch and see if we got confirmation of Wanda blipping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

in Infinity War. I just don't remember her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

not blipping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

Right. And we see her when all of those who did blip come back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

in endgame. So I think she blipped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

But suffice to say, I think she has somehow stolen the body. I'd like I I think I I speculated on this before. They're not gonna just get rid of Vision's body. And I think she is playing puppet master with zombie vision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

And I think this is, like, the level of just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

dementedness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

that she's battling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

at this point in time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

So what do you alright. Episode four, bottom of the rung for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

No. I don't think so on rewatch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

I think it's better than episode two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:27]

Episode two just, I don't know, it didn't do much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

Episode two felt slow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:34]

That could be. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:36]

that's definitely interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

I still think it was a little lazy on the writers'

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

execution,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

but I guess time will really tell, where it goes from here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

I think it opened up really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

advancing the storyline,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

especially with Rambo now having actually been in there. I think that she has some insights that we don't know about yet. Yep. Definitely. So I highly recommend that you watch Captain Marvel in the interval if you have time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

We had recommended watching Ultron before a lot of this started. That was relevant really before episode three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

I had this suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

that some of the astrophysics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

talk of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

Thor Dark World might come into play. I am really reluctant to recommend anybody suffer through that movie, but I might I might just try it before the next

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

the next episode. Yeah. So they they were talking about, like, the energy field was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:36]

the energy from the big bang. Right. The radiation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

Right. Was emitting the radiation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

left over from the beginning of the universe, which is a really interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

Infinity Stone reference when you think about it. Right? Because the Infinity Stones were there at the beginning of all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

And and, obviously, Wanda, right, is her powers are derived from the mind stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

So it makes you wonder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:58]

Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

And I guess we can leave this segment with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

Rambo's quote at the end of the episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:06]

It's Wanda.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:07]

It's all Wanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

Yep. Yeah. What a great that was a gift in it. That was a great way to end that episode. It was. Yep. I agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

So continuing our trek through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

sci fi and fantasy, you wrote down Lord of the Rings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

No. You wrote down Lord of the Rings. I wrote down Lord of the Rings? You did. Our highlighting isn't working anymore. Maybe it was just to announce that I have finished Finished it. The books. Yeah. I I promised you that if I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

reached the end of the year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

and I I had like a set number of books or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

that I would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

I would tackle this, and I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

And I've and I completed all three, and I have some, like, a general

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

feedback, I guess. Because you love these books. These are your favorite books. Right? That is not true. It is a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

it's a common

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

mistake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:01]

that people think I like Tolkien more than I like Lewis, but I, in fact, like Lewis more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

Okay. So what is your favorite Lewis book since since we're we're talking about your favorite book? Oh, my favorite Lewis book?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

Man, that's hard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

Probably Screwtape Letters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

That's a good choice. It's a good choice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

I like Lewis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

I I'm lukewarm on Tolkien.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:27]

I I do like the Lord of the Rings movies more than I like the Narnia movies, pretty much in all their durations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

Does that include the original

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

Lion Witch and Wardrobe cartoon? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

Oh, see. I don't know. I don't I don't know about that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

I told you, and I might have even said so on this podcast. I thought the in general, right, these books were beautifully written. Like, just the language of the writing is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

is just very beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

That first book, I enjoyed after I got past the Tom Bombadil section.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

I I did not We talked about that last week. Yeah. I didn't care for it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

and it only, like, there's there's a reference at the very end of the return of the king to Tom Bombadil, like, that's where Gandalf goes and retires or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

that would have meant nothing, I guess, without the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

you know, 600 pages of Tom Bombadil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

that we got in the first book or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

But I man, I tell you what.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

The the other thing that struck me, I think, the second book,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

I I tried tried to make a dig at this while we're talking about WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

You've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

two books in each book. Right? And they have a parallel timeline, especially in book two, like Yep. What's going on at the beginning of book one and the book beginning of book two are happening simultaneously.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

And I at times,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

I think it actually would've been better to, like, slice it up and interweave it. Just in terms of, like, engagement, and also trying to remember what was happening at the exact same time. I think that would've been interesting. Now, from what I can tell, I I just started rewatching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

the first movie the other night, and I'm I'm like, I don't know, maybe an hour and a half in, which is, you know, one tenth of the movie. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:14]

It's halfway. Are you watching extended versions?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

No. I know. I couldn't find wasn't gonna buy it again either. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

but what I noticed though was that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

they he doesn't what's his name? Something Jackson? Percy Jackson? No. That's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

what's the guy's name? Peter Jackson. Peter. Alright. Peter Jackson does not honor the organization of the books. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

And and his edit job, at least on the first one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

is really interesting to me. And and it it's like a nice abridged version. I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

I actually liked it, and I was surprised at how much I've liked the first movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

I'm curious as a Tolkien aficionado as yourself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

do you like that kinda hatchet job on the organization of the of the books in the movie? Yeah. I do. So there's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:03]

if you were completely true to the text,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:08]

nobody watches this movie. Right? Not even like Tolkien fans. I mean, maybe they would watch it once, but I saw the two towers, what, 14 times in theaters. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

Is that an actual number, or you just spitballing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

It it's between twelve and fourteen, but I saw it in theaters when it came out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:29]

So yeah. I mean, Jackson takes some creative license. He applies lines from certain characters to other characters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

So, like, there's some Tom Bombadil lines that Gandalf says and things of I that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

was trying to sort through some of that because things felt awkward to me at certain points,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

and I couldn't I couldn't explain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

exactly what's going on. I trying to tell missus Lemon, and she was just like, shut up. I'm watching the movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:54]

But But I'm I watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

the movies before I ever read through the book. So the movies were the gateway into reading the book for me back then. I did not know. 2001

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

or whatever. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

so, yeah, I really like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

how Peter Jackson was able to stay true

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

to the spirit of the content,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

even if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

things are in different orders or different people say different things. But Aragorn is still the embodiment of hope,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:26]

and Frodo and Gandalf can be Christ like figures and things like that. So I think that that the spirit of the content shines through despite editorial

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

changes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

Yeah. I I think that's a fair assessment. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

in so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

I've enjoyed it. It was long. I would love an abridged version. I think in some respects, that's kinda what the movie is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

In my opinion, I think the second book is the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

best of the three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

And I agree with you. And I would say the first half

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

so I guess that's book three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

of the That's book three. Queen slice of yeah. Book three is better than book four. I've I felt like important to note, if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

there aren't any Lord of the Rings nerds listening,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

that Lord of the Rings is one book. It's not three books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

The publishers just made them split it up so that they basically to save cost on publishing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

And and to save our sanity when logging them on Goodreads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

So in in The Two Towers, the the section with Sam and Frodo, I felt there was there's a lot more dialogue. There's a lot less action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

Movement is very slow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

I didn't dislike it, but it it was I don't know. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

I I think that first half made it feel so much slower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:45]

You know? Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

And you'll get some of that when you get there in the movie too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:50]

And I think that's done purposefully

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

to what end,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:55]

because, really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

I don't know, it's basically setting up contrasts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

So, like, Frodo and Sam, what they're doing is far more important for all of Middle Earth

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

than what Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli are up to. Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

So I liked Return of the King the least.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:14]

Yeah. I think I would probably agree with that as far as the books go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Pretty much and and to be clear, I did not read the appendices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

The appendices were longer than the book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

It was it was unbelievable to me. But the thing I didn't care about Return of the King is I felt like after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

after they they, you know, throw Gollum into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

Mount Doom. Mount Doom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

there was two thirds of the book left to go, you know. And it I it just dragged on. So up until that point though, I thought it was excellent. It was gripping. I I couldn't put it down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

The the sack of the Shire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

and Saruman showing up there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

didn't I didn't need any of it. Like, I I I just felt like it was a long way to get to him showing up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

having messed with their hometown,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

and then ultimately him getting killed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

I was like, really? You know? I needed all of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

So I think you should read

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

Tolkien's letters. You'll get a better

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

sense of his personality,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

and he didn't want to leave anything open.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

Oh, my word. I don't think he did leave anything open. Like, he's he's got yeah. So so the other thing I I would just say that I struggled with in this in this series

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

or book, I don't know. I think it's it's multiple books, John. Just deal with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

Is the geography of things, and and trying to figure out how much I should care about the relational location of points

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

that he identifies, and how much I should just, like, read through it and keep going. You know, because he's got a ton of geographical description,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

And I think it's important if you like, if Middle Earth is your jam and you wanna really understand every nuance of Middle Earth. But for somebody like me, I don't care. I Yeah. I think that there are some things that are pretty easy to understand,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

like Gondor in relationship to Mordor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

and things like that. I think that comes through pretty easily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:17]

But, like, how far is Rivendell from Mordor?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

It doesn't really matter. And and you really need an actual map, which I guess is why you have one on your wall. Yes. Thanks to you, mister Stan Lemon. Oh, hey. I love my moments. But you really need a map to grok all of that. It's it kinda reminds me of when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

our our friend Mark Buto recommended I read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

Master Commander,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

because there's a ton of nautical language.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

And it's it's meaningful, but without a diagram, if you don't know it, like, you just can't follow along, and so it winds up being filler words, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

So there's an approachability aspect, I think, there. But this kicks me back to high school English classes where they hound on trying to figure out all this stuff and make you hate reading.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

That it's for books like that where it's important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

Yeah. I suppose. I suppose. Well, if I if I ever do this again, I'm gonna print out a picture of of a map of Middle Earth and read again. I I'm gonna be honest with though, like If you were reading the paper version, you could just look at the front cover. Oh, that is an advantage, and that's that's the same with Master Commander too and the ship diagrams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

But, you know, I don't I don't read real paper anymore. This is not how I roll. Guess you gotta bookmark things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

So anyhow, John, I've done it. I I can mark that off my bucket list. Like I said, I don't know if I'll ever do that again. Maybe maybe when I'm much older. But Congratulations.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

Yeah. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

you will find the Two Towers movie

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:43]

not be as awesome,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

and I think you'll find

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

the Return of the King movie to be much better than the book was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

I I can see that. Real quick, just last parting thought, I liked these more than The Hobbit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

That's fair. Hot take. Hot take. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

Xbox?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

Yeah. I mean, you've been playing like a fiend. What what games all have you been playing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:10]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:11]

I bought the Xbox and it actually showed up which was later than yours or Patrick's game And I played through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:19]

Star Wars Squadrons,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

which you played through, but you haven't actually beaten the campaign mode yet, but you played far more multiplayer than I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:27]

So I beat Squadrons,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

and then I went on to Jedi Fallen Order,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

which is now my favorite game ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

Oh, wow. Okay. That's that's high praise right there. So that was a great game. I played through that and beat it. I did have to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:43]

move the difficulty level down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:46]

after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

six levels or whatever you'd call them. But that was great. Great story,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

in the Star Wars. So I highly recommend

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:56]

that you play that, Stan, and probably have your kids sitting around you watching. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

and then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:06]

really, the next thing I had was the halo master chief collection, which I decided to play through with you. We've played through four or five levels in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:15]

combat evolved Halo one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

and that's going pretty well, actually. Yeah. The problem I have with that game is it makes me motion sick, so I cannot play for an extended period of time. I don't know what it is, but I get nauseous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

And, I I I was doing better when we were on planet running around when when you were driving the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

the dune buggy or whatever it is. Warthog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

Yeah. There you go. That made me a little sick to my stomach. I'm not sure if that was just the warthog or if that was your driving. I think you need to drive the warthog, and we'll see what happens. Am I that bad of a shot, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

No. I mean, you'll just see how hard it is to handle the driving of the warthog. It looks difficult. It looks difficult. So I'll do that. And then, we've been playing Overwatch, which we'll talk about a little more here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

But in the meantime, I have gone back to Fable, which previously held the rank of my favorite game ever. I I don't even know what this game is about. Like, what's the premise? So it's a role playing game. You follow this kid who was collected by the Heroes Guild, and you go on quests. And it's an open world, so you can interact with different things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:22]

but it's based on a fable. So, like, it's a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

storybook

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

that they lead through there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:29]

and then you can choose to be good or evil, stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

But fable four

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:34]

is supposed to come out at some point. We have a teaser trailer, probably 2022

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

or 2023.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:41]

So I thought I would go back and play this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

You would not like the graphics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

Just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

like, out of date or the motion or both? The out of date.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:53]

And even, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:55]

just playing through it after fallen order, like, some of the mechanics are out of date and things like that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:01]

But still,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

good story. I plan to go on to play Fable two and three, which are also on Xbox Game Pass, but I've never played through those because I miss those generations of game consoles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

So one thing I've realized recently about the difference between you and me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

you've talked several times now about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

you love the story of these games. Right? Yep. There's a when you play story mode or the campaign or whatever, there's a bunch of content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

that builds up the set context for what you're doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

And I guess that's even true with Overwatch, although I've spent exactly zero minutes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

like, researching that, but but our friend And with you know, listener of the show, Patty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

has has talked about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

I I'm not interested in the story part of these games. I think that's where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

where I've struggled. So so first of all, I I can do about one game at a time. Like, my my the amount of mental RAM I commit to this is pretty minimal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:59]

And so playing multiple that you you didn't get sucked into the squadron story, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

Of it like an interactive movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

Yeah. It's I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

I've I've just have struggled with the story element. Like, I enjoyed the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

the, you know, multiplayer play. I like that a lot. I like, you know, flying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

a tie fighter or an x wing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

point and shooting at stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

I like Overwatch, you know, defending the point and things like that. But I don't and this is probably where the difference is. Right? When I go to play these games, it's it's like to it's an escape thing for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

and I want something that does not require

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

a lot of mental processing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

Right? So, like, looking at a thing and clicking to shoot, not a lot of mental processing required.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

Grocking a story and following along and, like, thinking on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

Like, if I wanted to do that, I would read a book, you know. This is interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

But I think that and I'm saying this in part to explain why

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:00]

I'm I haven't finished Squadrons. I haven't started Jedi Fallen Order yet. So the thing with Squadrons is the story isn't actually that great until the last two missions,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:09]

where it kinda redeems itself. But Okay. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

I mean, I I told you, like, the reason I bought the Xbox box,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

the reason I bought squadrons

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

was I wanted to fly an x wing. Right? Yep. And I've done that, and I I genuinely enjoy that. I am not very good at that game, and that gets a little depressing very quickly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

But, you know, what are you gonna do? I'm not really good at gaming in general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

Maybe I should spend more time paying attention to the story.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:36]

I don't think that will help you with Overwatch, which is probably where we've spent most of our gameplay time recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:41]

We now have a standing weekly Overwatch night,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:46]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:47]

we're improving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

Yeah. I I think so. I mean, I'm I'm less bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

I'm still probably bad. So here's the thing that, like, everybody is bad at Overwatch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

It's just,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:59]

can you minimize mistakes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

Well, that's fair. That's fair. I I tweeted I tweeted Katie Schweppes about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

I I was on a competitive game yesterday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

and a lady piped in and was telling me where to move to and where to throw my shield. And there was a moment in which I thought to myself, is that Katie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

Kinda kinda sounded like her. And I also thought, she plays Overwatch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

So so I I I threw that back at her today, but it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

it's interesting the level like, I what what I like about that game, and the the thing I like about Thursday night is we've got four people now that play together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:35]

I I like the coordination. It feels kinda like laser tag to me. It's like COVID friendly laser tag,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

and I think that's the part I enjoy about Overwatch. Like, it has less to do with the shooting bit, because I don't enjoy it nearly as much when I'm by myself, and I also don't enjoy it nearly as much as when I have team chat on or group chat, and I'm, like, hearing other people talk about the plane. Sure. So go figure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

But, yeah, overall, Overwatch has been super fun.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:03]

It's kind of got, like, a low

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:06]

entry level, so somebody can come in and play.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:09]

And then, like, a really high

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

cap where you can be really, really good and play on some of these professional teams that Patrick keeps talking about. Yeah. And I mean, you know, for for jokers like you and me, we're just Yeah. We're just playing. Just parting around. Yeah. It's you know, we're we're trying not to embarrass the Trying not to die. The young preteens that are are whooping our butts on on Overwatch. But I don't know. I I I'm enjoying it. I I find it as a a kinda just, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

nice way to unwind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

oddly enough, but I can't believe it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

So on that note, maybe I'll go launch up the Xbox. There you go. You do that, John. I I'm gonna I'm gonna go and celebrate Groundhog Day. That's we're recording Groundhog Day. I don't even know if the Groundhog saw his shadow. I don't know either. Yeah. That seems important, especially since I still have holes in my roof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

the groundhog did something. I'm gonna go and run food to a friend, and I will I will call it a night. It has been a wonderful show. I hope WandaVision episode five does not require you to watch it twice to enjoy it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

Fair enough. On that note, this is Sam Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
