---
title: Meat Rubs, New Apple Toys, Investing 101
episode: 11
date: 2018-09-27T10:38:53.000Z
slug: meat-rubs-new-apple-toys-investing-101/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation centered around investment strategies, focusing on low-risk
  approaches for achieving financial security, particularly for families with
  dependents. Discussion touched on employer-sponsored retirement plans,
  tax-advantaged accounts, and diversifying investments to minimize risk.
  Additionally, the hosts mentioned alternative investments like cryptocurrency
  and precious metals, but emphasized a cautious approach due to their
  volatility.
keywords:
  - investment strategies
  - low-risk investing
  - employer-sponsored retirement plans
  - tax-advantaged accounts
  - cryptocurrency
  - precious metals
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So I feel like it was kind of a ballsy move, but I upgraded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

to Mojave right before we started recording.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

Oh, great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

I'm I'm sure it'll be fine. Everything will just work. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

Sure. Whatever you say. That's usually how it goes. Right? It's it's not like Audio Hijack Pro kinda messes with sound drivers or anything important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:47]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

Because we're just recording.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:50]

Yeah. Yeah. It it it'll be fine. So I take it from your reaction that you did not upgrade to Mojave this morning. I did not. No. I was working. I had things to accomplish so I probably won't upgrade until probably this weekend at the earliest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Oh, really? Good grief. Well, I upgraded I I I won't upgrade my work computer for quite some time, but I upgraded my personal computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

as soon as I got back from the office, which was around lunchtime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

Wait. I've Did you actually go to the office or are you just talking about your home office that you work I I go to the office most Mondays. I I don't stay the full day. I get in, I don't know, around 08:00 and then I'm gone usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

usually by two. Today, I was able to slip out at noon. It just depends what's going on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

I don't think that I knew this. I didn't realize you were actually working out of the office part of I the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

mean, working is a is a very loose and broad term.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

I am there, and I am meeting people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

Do they have ping pong tables at the Indianapolis office?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

No. But they got a foosball table,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

which I had not I've not actually played foosball, but I I could not find a conference room. This is actually last week. Couldn't find a conference room,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

and I went into the foosball room because I had a big screen. I thought, oh, yeah. Sure. This is gonna have a Chromecast. It'll all work out. And I could connect, but I couldn't actually hear anybody. Like, the the audio was so low.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

But that's that's close to I've gotten to the foosball table. Have you been riding your bike up there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

And I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

going to change the subject now. Oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:31]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

Well, alright. So here's the thing. I know the route. I know the route.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

The I've had a couple of problems. One has been weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

Two has been I'd I'd like to come home

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

earlier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

would make sense for me to to bike in and out. Right? Because it only takes twenty five minutes to drive there. So just I don't know. I I might I I'll do it someday, but I've got I've just got when I go into the office, I'm I'm back to back meetings, and it's just not a real conducive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

setup for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

Got it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

So instead of burning calories, you've been consuming calories.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

Made a Facebook post about these meat rubs by Finger. He sent you six meat rubs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

Yeah. He did. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

he's, you know, Fanker oh, by the way, missus Lemon came up with a better name,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

meat right or excuse me, meat rubs and salutary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:24]

Meat rubs and salutary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

For those who aren't Lutheran or liturgical in any way, that will go right over your head. Yep. And that's okay. You can Google it. Meat, right, and salutary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

But so anyhow, yeah, I took some sirloin steaks and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

did them in the in the rubs. I cut them down into small portions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

did, you know, put what I did a reverse sear, which is also this was a new adventure for me. So I put it in the oven actually at two seventy five,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

and I let that go, think, about twenty minutes. And then I ran them outside to a piping hot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

grill at about 700. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

I slapped them on a minute on each side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

And they turned out really good, actually. I I could have probably left them in the oven a little less,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

and they would have been a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

the kind of pink that I like, but Sarah was tickled with them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

I would I would say Tickled as far as pink, you might say. Yeah. Tickled pink. I I stopped myself short from the same pink.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

As as far as Fankers rubs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

go,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

I would say that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

they were they're pretty enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

I I think and I think he concluded this as well. He gave me too many options to choose from.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:35]

Yeah. You got six or something. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

I did my best to cleanse my palate. We had these little we fried up some cheese, like cheese chips kind of thing. Have you ever seen those?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

No. I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

They're they're tasty. We'll just leave it with that. Actually, yeah, you have. Do you remember when you and I were at the yard house in Cincinnati and we got the vampire style tacos?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

I remember That

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

happened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

I remember truffle fries.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:06]

Yeah. I remember lots of beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

Yeah. There there was definitely a lot of beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

Anyhow, it's just, you know, if you if you put cheese on a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

like like grated cheese on a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

piece of wax paper and stick it in the oven or, you know, under the broiler,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

it just it it gets crunchy, and it's delightful. And so we use those to cleanse our palate between,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

cuts of steak because I did try all six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Right. It's great stuff. I I he's he's doing a good job.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

There were only a couple that I didn't care for, like two out of the six. And when I said I didn't care for that, I mean, it's it's all on a spectrum. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

if I had only had those two, they would have been fantastic. But apparently, I'm getting another round

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

of seasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

Nice. So there will be there will be more rubs by Finker experimentation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

to be had.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

So Finker is big into smoking the meat. Right? So does that have any effect on these meat rub tastes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

I imagine it does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

The the so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

he he emphasized that these rubs were intended for beef, and I specifically asked about the mythology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

met methodology that I was going into this with. And he I wouldn't say he approved because, you know, nothing short of actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

smoke

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

coal or charcoal rather

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

is is probably gonna cut it with Fanker. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

it didn't seem to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

diminish the testing that I was doing, so I think it was okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

K. Yeah. It just seems it seems like if you're smoking steaks instead of, you know, doing this reverse sear with your oven grill hybrid,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

I just feel like that would make a difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

Well, I mean, I'm not gonna have the smokiness in there. Right? But Right. Which is huge. It's huge, man. It is huge. I'm not trying to downplay that at all. For me, it was like, I I had six cuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

Smoking on my grill takes a lot of time, and I've gotta really watch it. So I just I wasn't I wasn't committed. I wasn't committed to doing that. Understandable. Maybe I should have been. But yeah. Know. It went well. Looking forward to the next round, and I still think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

dear pastor Fanker needs to market this and sell this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

So If he needs a website, I know a guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

You know a guy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

Of course. There we go. Aaron Fanker can create his own website. So there's that. Yeah. That's true. It's true. Alright. So you you didn't install Mojave and you didn't get anything from the Apple event. So I guess I'm the only one that's like lavished in Well new Apple stuff. I updated Safari.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

I updated iOS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

So I got those things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

Okay. And what what did you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

So Safari,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

I didn't really notice a huge difference. I have used it as my browser all the time anyway. They do have those icons which is kind of nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

You're talking about in the tabs. Right? The icons in the tabs? Tab icons. Yeah. New new option available. Been on Chrome and Firefox forever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:06]

Yeah. I think that's all I've really noticed with Safari.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

With iOS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

what really got me was the Measure app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

Like like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

that's really nice. Screen time is really nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

And then just because I'm analytical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:24]

sort of person,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

screen time kinda tells me how much I don't use my phone, thankfully.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

So I try to keep it that way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

The measure thing, I can't tell I think I mentioned this to you when I upgraded. I I can't tell if it's just novelty or if it's gonna be super useful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

And you asked why not both.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

So that remains to be seen. Yeah. I mean, you're in a unique position because you're house shopping and you're if if you're if think about it, you're gonna be in a house and you're gonna ask yourself how big is this room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

And I think that might be a a time in which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

that app progresses beyond novelty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

I kinda lump it in with the Compass app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

which Right. Has has always seemed like a novelty to me until I actually need it. And I'm like, which way is west? And, you know, I can't see the sun, so I'm I'm flipping around and there it is. So I I I I think it's kinda like that. You know, way back in the day, the flashlight apps seemed like novelty and now it's now it's on the lock screen for Pete's sake. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

You know, we'll see how it kinda plays out. But I I I will say I like the group's notifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

in twelve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

I thought that that was a nice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

Yeah. That's nice. I'm trying to think. There hasn't been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

for me at least, a killer feature in 12 that jumps out though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

And I know that's not supposed to be. Right? Like it's just it's a hardening release.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

But usually there's something that jumps out at me and I can't I can't put my finger on what that something is right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

I will say that the things I wanted the most and we we knew for a long time this wasn't gonna happen. But the things I wanted the most were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

photo albums or just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

shared photo libraries

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

and shared folders shared folders

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

inside of iCloud Drive. So those are are two just really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

really glaring gaps at me that I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

time a new iOS or Mac OS comes out, I just I wish it was there and it wasn't. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

So did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:27]

they've did you do something different with your Apple IDs? Because I got like a watch invite from Sarah and I accepted it. So it might have kicked me off your watch activity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

No. No. I I did do something different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

It didn't kick you off. We you should still see me. And I think last I looked, I was crushing it in comparison to you. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

this is some background If you left and were walking around the office all day, then you definitely are. Yeah. Well, yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

So some background, I my my wife and I have always had an Apple Watch and an iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

And her phone and watch well, her phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

was set up with my Apple ID so that we had the same photo library. That was really the the primary reason. Everything else I could sort out except for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

And iCloud Drive, but we at the time, weren't using iCloud Drive. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

we the the the unfortunate consequence of that is you can't specify a different Apple ID

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

for your watch from the main one that's set up as the iCloud account for your phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

And so subsequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

she wasn't set up to, like, share,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

you know, activity stuff with anybody. And it was kinda sad, especially since she's the active one and I am not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

But, yeah, with the new phones, I decided that I would try and conquer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

the whole photo album problem a different way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

and would would set her up so that, you know, she could share her activity, compete, all that good stuff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

which I think it's I think it's a little more compelling than when we first set it up because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

the the sharing and the competitions and all that, those things didn't exist when we made the decision to go with one Apple ID that kinda came later. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

So you got the new phones couple days ago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

Well, sort of. I I went camping this weekend. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

And they were supposed to show up Friday before we left, but they did not. The UPS truck was much later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

And so I had them dropped off with a neighbor, and I got to them late last night after we got back. And I did set them up for both my wife and I.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

And I will just I will just say that the whole face ID thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

is really awesome. It is really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

really nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

So I'm I'm digging that. The new watches

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

are fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Like, the the reduced bevel is really nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

It is definitely faster and more responsive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

The thing I'm most excited about isn't quite out yet, the ECG app, but that's coming. I'm looking forward to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Yeah. All all around, pretty happy. And missus Lemon seems to be pleased. I will say it is just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

slightly bigger than the eight. The edge to edge screen is wonderful, but the the slight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

like, increase in size

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

maybe less comfortable than I would like. But but it's not it's not awful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

So Yeah. You'll get used to it after a week of use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

I think so. I think so. I can still do things one handed. Right? And that was that was the thing that I I wanted to still be able to do, and that was the sole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

driving force behind the XS versus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

excuse me. I did it, John. I just did what you did. You did. You yelled at me last week for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

Wow. But I really like the name iPhone XS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

Oh, god.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

So XS. Oh, boy. So the the 10 s

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

it's just I don't even remember. I totally lost my train of thought now, John. What was I saying?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

I don't know. You were talking about how you could still use it with one hand. Oh, yeah. I could still use it with one hand as opposed to the 10 s max, which is still a weird name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

Yes. Yes, it is. You know, I I wouldn't be able to fit that in one hand and do most of my stuff one handed. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

all in all, pretty pleased. I got space gray everything this time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

and it's pretty sharp. I missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

says the jury's still out on the new nylon sport loops.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

I I actually like it. And I'm I'm pretty tickled to have it. So I I enjoyed the nylon bands with my previous Apple Watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

And I'm happy to have these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

be nylon and not have a fixed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

limiter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

I think that's probably the best best part of it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

So how many watch bands do you have for this thing already? Your old ones probably don't fit it. Right? No. They do. They do. They're totally compatible. Oh, all? Okay. Yeah. So on the old one, let's see. I had a black band, an orange band,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

a blue nylon band, and a gray nylon band. So this will be band five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

It sounds excessive when you make me say it out loud.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

Oh, it is excessive, Stan. And how often do you change that band?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

Well, seeing as I've had it for a day, I haven't changed it at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

Well, with the old watch, how how often did you change bands? Okay. Alright. This so with with the old watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

I had the the orange band

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

initially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

I I I bought it like, it came with a black band. I bought the the orange elast mirror or whatever it was. And I wore that one actually pretty much all the time because I had, if you remember, an orange case for my phone. And it just it was I don't know. It coordinated. It was kinda weird now that I say it out loud. But I did that. And then I I liked the black one. And I would kinda just switch back and forth periodically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

When I bought the blue nylon one, it was shortly after it came out. It was what do they call it? The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

the NATO bands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

And it was a great band. Totally totally digged it. And I would switch between that and the black elastomer one basically if I was exercising or just walking around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

And then from there, when I got my series

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

it was a series two. Right? Yeah. I'm pretty sure. Yeah. Series three. Yeah. My series two came with the gray version of that band, and that's how I got number four. And so when I got that one, I I just it tends to switch between one nylon and one elastomer at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

a at a fair cadence. I don't know if I'll still do that. We'll see because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

this this band kinda seems like it could be the best of both worlds, but, you know, time will tell. It's it's early.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

As a side note, while we're on topic of phones and watches and stuff, I was watching a press conference with Tiger Woods after he won the Tour Championship the other day. And he had this comment about how we've lost the art of clapping because it's hard to clap when you have a cell phone in your hand all the time. That's totally true. Every time I'm sitting taking a video of my daughter at, you know, ballet or dance recital or whatever, I that that's crossed my mind because here there I am. I'm holding my phone and I'm like with my one hand slapping my leg.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

It's just Right. It's very it's very odd. So that's that's a it's a valid point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

Maybe the watches will restore us to clappers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

I'm still holding out for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:26]

eye wearables.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

Get like dual screens going over glasses and then people can be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

distracted by those while they're driving instead of looking at their phone. With time with time. Hey, bud. Did you did you ever figure out did you get watchOS five?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:41]

I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:42]

I need to upgrade the upgrade the watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

Alright. Well, here's the thing, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

There are there's I haven't done it yet. Your your wife's got a newer Apple Watch. Right? Yeah. She can upgrade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

So it says I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

think yours is series two. Competition stuff is all watchOS five. Right? Or that's certain four.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

I think that started in '4.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

See, I don't think I've had four on my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

watch before it broke.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

I never actually used them. I'm not seeing any of your activity, so I hope I didn't break it. I can see Sarah's activity. I I can see your activity. I will remove you as a friend and I will add you back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

Sounds good. We'll figure this out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

Apple. I'm in general, John, pretty happy and I am looking forward

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

to getting to know my devices a little more. So what can I say? Good. So it looks like the next thing on your agenda here is more milkshake talk. Are we really gonna talk about milkshakes again? I haven't had one. We have to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

So here's the It's our running thing. Okay. It is our it is our running thing. But the the other thing that's really important is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

I so since the last time we recorded, I went up to Fort Wayne and there was a five guys as I was heading towards the expressway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

That's right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

You wouldn't tell me the story because you wanted to talk about it now. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

So I walked in and you had what was it now? It was like chocolate peanut butter banana?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

Chocolate peanut butter banana. Okay. Alright. So I walked in and I was like, you know what? I'm just gonna do a plain old chocolate milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

get my baseline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

And I walked in and there was nobody in the store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

And I went up and I ordered, you know, milkshake chocolate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

with whipped cream on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

And I I waited. Right? So this guy starts making my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

milkshake. He's like getting the cup out and all this and he asks me because you know you can do different mix ins. Right? You don't have to just do chocolate or vanilla. I was like, yeah, I just didn't really know where to go. You know, I was just not sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

And he's like, well, you could you could do whatever you want. I said, you wanna you wanna try a little sample or something, you know, like what's Nice. What can I do to help you out? And I told him, said, well, why don't you just tell me what what's your favorite? And he said he liked peanut butter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

and Oreo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

And I k. I learned that there's Oreo cookie and Oreo cream and Yep. Absolutely. Yeah. So Oreo cookie is the part that he was referring to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

And I told him, so you know what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

You believe in this milkshake? He says, yeah, believe in this milkshake. It's it's my favorite. Said, alright. Make me one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

And so that's what he did. There was no chocolate. Was just it was vanilla, Oreo, and peanut butter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

And I I was I was just pleased by the experience of being able to talk with someone who cared enough about their milkshakes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

to be able to guide me in the right direction. Like, I just thought it was a wonderful It was it was very clear to me that he cared about what he was doing. It was very artisanal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

And when he handed it to me, first of all, the the whipped cream could not have been put on any more beautifully than he did. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

And so I took some of that off and then I took a slurp, and it was divine. And I told him that. I was like, hey, man. That that was an awesome recommendation. Thank you so much. And I so most of the time I've been getting milkshakes to test for our our podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

I have been having part of it and then letting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

missus Lemon finish the rest of it. Right. Because, you know, it's just it's a lot of milkshake. Right? But I finished up that whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

before I got, I don't know, 30 miles away from the expressway. Like, I I was focused and dedicated. I I polished that thing off,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

and it was delicious. Absolutely wonderful. So hands down, hands down, it was the best milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

that I have had since we started recording.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

Did you watch them make it? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

There was no stainless steel vessel, but there's a dedicated machine and they use a hard plastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

container.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

So Got it. They they were able to hit the bottom without busting it out. I the other thing that struck me is there was perfect consistency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

Those Oreo chunks that I was so nervous about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

getting stuck in the straw never got stuck. They they were they were ground up in such a way that they flowed perfectly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

Everything was mixed. It was just great. So that was round one of Five Guys, and it was delicious. And it really, I think, set the bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

Unfortunately, round two didn't go so well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

Different guy. Hey?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

Different restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. So I was in Michigan and I was leaving, I think it was the Benton Harbor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

Five Guys, and it was crazy busy. And so I I think this is partially to blame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

It was very clear that they rushed through my chocolate and salted caramel milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

The the chocolate had a distinct smudge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

along the side

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

of the cup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

And, you know, it's very important when you're making a milkshake to applicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

the the syrups on the bottom because that is what the, you know, the little mixer makes contact with. Right? So the minute you squirt it on the side, you're just set up for failure. It was not awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

But again, I just anytime I get a direct vein of syrup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

inside of my milkshake, it's a strike. It just does a strike. Yep. Understandably so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

So I don't know what to make of this, John. It's it's the greatest and the worst milkshake all all at once. So did you get the first guy's name? Did you tell him to listen to the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

I didn't. I really should have. I guess I could go back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

Absolutely, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

This guy this guy needs to listen to our podcast, then he needs to be a guest on our podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

So you wanna drive all the way up to Fort Wayne?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

Sure. Why not? I know people in Fort Wayne.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

we have a we have a live in Fort Wayne episode apparently in our future, maybe. I'm not committing to that formally, but I I like the idea Great. Where you're going.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

anyhow, the the milkshakes continue. I almost there's a five guys right near the parking garage that I was parked at at work. I almost got another one today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

but I was like, I I still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

at Five Guys, I had fries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

a normal sized burger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

and a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

And I have never felt so bloated in my life as the rest of that drive home. That is a ton of food, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

You did you get a regular fry?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

Yeah. That that feeds like three people at least. Yeah. Well and I I showed up with my kids and they didn't even finish it. Like, it was just a lot of food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

Yeah. That hamburger was huge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

Yeah. And delicious. Did you like the burger? Oh, it was it was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

I I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

enthralled. I I've had a Five Guys burger before, but it was just it it was a real treat. So I will go back again, get another milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

and and just see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

I really, what I need to find out is if the Indianapolis Five Guys are up the snuff or not. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

Yeah. It's always a problem with chain places.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

It all depends on how much the people care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

Yep. Yep. It's very clear that that young man in Fort Wayne, I mean, was very passionate about milkshakes. I could see it in his eyes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

Oh, there we go. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

So we had a weird thing happen since the last episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

We had some people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

You found out that we really had listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly right. Some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

people comment on Facebook and they reference things they've heard and asked to hear about other things. And I don't know that we can do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

service to all the things that were asked, but I found it interesting that they were all related to like, you know, money and really investing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

Did that catch you off guard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

Well, it didn't catch me off guard because our most listened to episode has been the one on mortgages.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

But what really kinda hurts and bugs me is that all these people just wanna hear you talk about things. It's like, I'm I'm here for no reason whatsoever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

Oh, Johnny boy. Come on. Come on, man. That's not true. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

so here's the thing. They were all asking questions about investing and you know about as much as I do about investing, don't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

I guess so. You just have more money to invest. So Oh, that's that's true. So okay. Alright. So here's the thing. If we were gonna talk about investing, what would be the first thing that I would suggest to some random listener that has not they don't they don't they're not saving, they're not investing, not doing any of that. Where would I tell them to start?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

This is a trick question, Stan. My guess is that the answer you're looking for is go to wealthfront.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

and set up a Roth IRA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

Well Is that that correct? It's close. It's very close. So the first thing the first thing I would usually suggest is does your employer have a four zero one k. Right? K. And if they do See

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

but before you even get to that point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

do you have an emergency fund? Be it a thousand dollars that just sits there in case you need it or three months living expenses. Yeah. We should we should prioritize this. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

you know, when you when you start saving money before you even get into the investing side of it, it's it's you just start with your paycheck, like your income

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

times three. And you use that as the baseline you get to there. And that's the, you know, lost the job, had something come up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

whatever fund. It's gonna take a little time, but that's that's where you start. The other thing that I like to recommend to people to do is to take if they have an employer four zero one k and set that up and immediately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

do the full match. So typically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

this would be like, you know, 5% of your income up to $5 or something like that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

And what it is is you you get free money through that match. And so it's a good reason to to do it. The other thing is that typically employer sponsored four zero one k's have lower, excuse me, lower fees and those,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

you know, also save you money. So I I like to recommend that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

On on my trajectory for investing and saving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

after you've got your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

your buffer fund, right, you typically also have maybe some other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

savings that is targeted towards an emergency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

of a different kind. So, you know, you're gonna buy a house. Right? An emergency of a different kind could be the furnace just died, That kind of Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

Beyond that, my strategy has always been to go after the four zero one k as hard as I can. You can max out a four zero one k at $18,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

you can contribute up to $18,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

of your income over the span of a year. And and I generally recommend that people just go for that as hard as they can. There's a sweet spot at about 10% of your Cool. Pre take home pay. Can we just pause for a second? Yeah. Like $18,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

you're saying?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

Mhmm. You realize that could be like 50% of some of our listeners income?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

Sure. Which is why which is why I'm going to the percentage. That's why I'm going to the percentage. So so there are a couple things you can do. First of all, you know, if if you've got an employer match, it's probably starting at four and a half, 5%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

Start there. That's a good place just on day one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

Then you can increase it. Usually, four zero one k's have like a ladder kind of thing where they increase by a percentage point every year. I totally recommend that because then it's just automatic. You don't think about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

The the the target place to be, I think, is about 10%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

Right? So about 10% of your pre take home

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

paycheck is going into a four zero one k. Why 10%?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

It's just it's enough money that you're you're actually doing some saving, and it's it's going to, you know, earn you some income

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

through through interest and whatnot, through interest dividends, you know, just growth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

But that's that's kinda what I recommend. And then if you can go beyond that, absolutely. But, you know, I think if you know that, one, you want to increase it year over year as as high as you can, then you start where that match ends. Right? If they match up to five percent, you you go 5%. You just work your way from there. And, you know, 8 $18,000 is a ton of money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

But again, that's just that's the end of the road. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

want to, like, do other investment vehicles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

And nine times out of 10, what what I usually just tell friends and family is like, focus on your four zero one k. There's a lot of other stuff. And this kinda dovetails, I think, into some of the other questions that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

came up on Facebook, which was about hard currency,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

real estate, and crypto, and stocks, and things of that sort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

I'm I'm not telling you don't invest in them, but they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

a lot harder to be informed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:37]

and strategic about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

than just, you know, investing in your four zero one k.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

And most of the time, a four zero one k is indexed or it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

based off of an age. So, like, I have a a fidelity fund which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

strategically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

is aggressive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

and then gets less aggressive with time as it reaches this like, I think I have mine in the 2040 fund or something like So it just you know, that fund naturally adjusts as it gets closer to its maturation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

date, the date that the fund is associated with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

And and that's I think it's just a a good good approach.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

It's it's easy. It's sane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

People have asked what companies to start with. And I I'm a big fan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

of Wealthfront,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

which, you know, your mileage may vary. I like that. I just think it's a it's a real nice easy visual system. I've had good luck with Fidelity too. Vanguard is a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

company as well that has really low fees for those kind of products.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

I think the the thing probably to focus on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

is employer first, because they're almost always going to have a lower fee structure. And then just look for low fees. And low fees typically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

are associated with companies that don't have brick and mortar faces. Right? So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

you know, the vanguards of the world and the wealth fronts or the betterments

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

and and those things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

We didn't really talk about crypto

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

or hard currency.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

Well, we kinda.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:09]

Yeah. I guess not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

Kinda talked about crypto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

Yeah. We alluded to it. Like, things, I think we can we can definitely spend more time talking about this in another episode. But those things are interesting, and they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

they're they're fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

it's it's value attached to a thing that's not paper. Right? So our money has no value

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

in and of itself. It has value because the government says it does. And the theory is that a hard asset, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

has value because the underlying thing is valuable. So gold or silver or copper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

then you've got crypto, which is sort of like that. It's computer processing power, really. And it's decentralized, which is also kind of interesting. Figured we could we could go rounds on this. But Alright. Those things, I I think, are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

they're for people who either have extra money to play with or don't have the kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

dependence that I do. And that's the way that I look at it. So again, I'm not I'm not trying to judge anybody, but I am making my investment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

in my investments based upon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

having a secure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

low risk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

set of money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

for my family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

And even even something like gold, right, which you would think is fairly low risk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

is is I think there's higher risk there because the the government messes with commodities all the time. So those prices are not steady or consistent. And really, I mean, nothing nothing is steady or consistent, but it's also hard to manage. Right? You you either have the physical asset and you risk losing it or you you have it in a in a hold or what whatever. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

it's just more involved. And so I don't I I also think in terms of things like if something should happen to me, what's the easiest way for missus Lemon to get access to, you know, the coffers, that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

Alright. Which we've talked about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:01]

Yeah. It all it all comes down to how much risk tolerance you have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:06]

Like Yep. If you're a single 30

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:09]

making

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

loads of cash every year, then go ahead and play with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

Just Yep. Yep. Don't don't put all of your investments in it. Yeah. And and I would add to that, if if these things interest you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

I I should I should in full disclosure, I have a little bit of gold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

I do not have any cryptocurrency. I've thought about it. I've thought about it a lot. MeatRubs by Finker, I hear has some crypto.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

So he he's a pretty knowledgeable person about that. But but if those things interest you and you just wanna, like, learn about them or experience them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

there's nothing wrong with going on Coinbase and, you know, buying a little bit of Ethereum or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

you know, getting yourself half an ounce of gold and hanging on to it or a couple ounces of silver and putting it in a safe and then just tracking those commodity rates. I those commodity rates are interesting to track in and of themselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

I had the Coinbase app simply just to see the fluctuation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

in in those,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

those currencies for lack of better term.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:11]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:11]

yeah, I just stick to IRAs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

Yep. Which is good. Right? A Roth IRA,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

especially for for someone our age, is is the way to go. And I think I think there's a lot of wisdom in that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

we'll have to we'll have to talk a little bit more about maybe savings. I think saving strategy would be a good conversation to have. I was thinking about this the other day just in terms of starting a budget because a budget really begins with savings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

and knowing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

your income. But that's another conversation, John, for another night because tonight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

the Steelers play. And so I have a date with Destiny.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:47]

Try to make sure they don't tie the Browns or anything like that. Oh, gosh. That just hurts. That just hurts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

It's been it's been a rough start to the season. I I don't even I'm so bummed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:00]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Until next time. Till next time, John. We'll see you. We'll see you.
