---
title: "WandaCast: The Finale"
episode: 125
date: "2021-03-11T13:40:52.000Z"
slug: wandacast-the-finale/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The analysis discusses the WandaVision episode finale, focusing on its
  emotional impact, philosophical undertones, and criticisms of its handling of
  grief and morality. The conversation centers around key scenes, quotes, and
  themes, including Vision's dialogue about perseverance, Monica Rambeau's final
  line, and the show's depiction of Wanda as a "monster" in Westview.
keywords:
  - Grief
  - Morality
  - WandaVision
  - Perception
  - Post-Credit Scene
  - Philosophical Undertones
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

I am recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

You're even recording? No. I'm recording now. Okay. You ready? You ready? I'm ready. You're obviously the one that wasn't ready. Oh, my word. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

Now that all of our technical woes are done,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

this is Life With a Twist of Lemon. This is a special episode. We are bringing our resident expert in all things Marvel to the table to cover all things WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

Patrick I think I think you've probably surpassed me in a level of Marvel expertise at this point. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

I read one arc

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

and that's all. Just to try and keep up. But so you've been a guest on the podcast before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Twice, in fact, we've covered Disney's big mega Marvel announcements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

And then we also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

covered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

Endgame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

reveal, which we actually recorded in person. You flew out. And I was thinking about this today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

And, you know, after after COVID settles and we've all got our vaccines and we're living living life high on the hog again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

I think we should all converge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

and we should do a marathon where we watch WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

from one through nine, and then we do Winter Soldier one through six, and then we do Loki. Because they're they'll this should all be out this year. Right? And then we we just like back to back to back, we can interweave

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

Doctor Strange in there. It'll be like the old days where you did it with Doctor Pepper and Doritos, and you watched 24, like a whole season in in one day. You know what I'm talking about? That's what ruined 24 for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

That's what did it. Yeah. I think it was season five. That that that's that's on 24.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

But anyhow, Patrick, welcome to the show. Thank you. I appreciate you guys having me on again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

Hey, it is it's truly our pleasure. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

so we can get this out of the way, I I know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

some listeners are concerned that this is becoming a Marvel podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

And I and I promise you that next week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

we've got a surprise for you and it will have nothing to do with Marvel. So if you can just survive one more Marvel episode, those of you who are not that level of nerdery

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

Like me. Yeah. Next week will be worth it. And then the week after, we'll you'll return to your regularly scheduled programming where we

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:43]

talk about We we have plans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

Falcon and the Winter Soldier. We we do have plans. Yeah. No. No. No. We're not we're not gonna go the route of just another Marvel podcast. But but today, this is definitely a Marvel podcast. That could be a spin off with Stan and Patrick. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

well, that could be interesting. So Marvel Mondays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

Every week, we do this thing on Fridays where the three of us text and we check-in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

when everybody has seen the episode. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

usually, there's like a wow or an OMG

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

or, you know, other profane things that do not allow get rid of our clean rating. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Normally, they come from my mouth. You guys could keep

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:31]

your clean rating. Normally, it's my fault. So but but then we digest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

some of the episode. We talk about whether or we liked it or didn't. And I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

we actually really didn't text that much about the finale, much to my surprise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

So so let's just I I I just wanna start with kind of a high level here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

Were you satisfied with this episode, episode nine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:57]

I think you look back. I I rewatched everything today

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

on my day off to prep and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

it was Patrick does prep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

You when you say you rewatched everything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

did you rewatch episode nine or did you rewatch one through nine? One through nine. Oh, that That's what you did all day. Props. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. No. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

I respect you guys. I wanna come prepared you know. It must be nice to work for a non profit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

No. So, I was actually very happy with the episode. I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

that at a certain point we got what we deserved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

We've all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

made guesses for so long that Marvel took an opportunity to kinda play with its fans a little bit throughout the entirety of the series. And I actually looking back and going through everything, I kind of enjoy that now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

It it it's funny looking back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

So I've I've only rewatched, I think, one through six. When I rewatched one through six, the thing that stood out to me was how much was packed into those early episodes, including John and talked a little about episode two. Right? Because first pass through episode two, was like, this is not this is not great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

Did you feel like you were picking up a ton of new detail as you rewatched?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

The biggest thing for me that I noticed on the rewatch were the commercials.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

Yeah. Yeah. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

they're talking about the new Stark Industries toaster and it has the slow beep

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

that slowly quickens and then it stops.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:32]

That's that's the bomb.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:35]

You know what I mean? And that just going that amount of detail that they put in to such a small thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

I I mean, you can't help but appreciate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

Those commercials, I think what we learned in episode eight is each one of those commercials map to one of the events of her life that defines her grief. Right? So there's this there's this connection to it. Yeah, it's that kind of detail like, how do you possibly catch that the first way through, you know? And I think the beauty of this show is it's fine if you don't go and rewatch it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

if you go and rewatch it, there's just more and more and more content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

So alright. So you were satisfied.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

I'm gonna be honest with you, Patrick. Not really surprised. You are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:16]

I'm what they call a fanboy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:18]

Yeah. So and I will I'll admit that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

No argument from me here. Okay. Episode nine, check. John, you are critic in chief. I think my first question is, was there was there enough story

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:32]

development for you? There was. I I thoroughly enjoyed the last episode.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:37]

And to be fair, I liked the beginning episodes of WandaVision before you did. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

That's correct. If you remember, I think we went four or five episodes with without me actually saying I liked it on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

And I didn't say it in person either, because I I don't think it was the episode you didn't like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

which was like the Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

That I I I enjoyed. Like, it it's finally when I felt like the story was starting to make sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

For me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

the the beginning of the series, right, was one sitcom too many. Now, setting aside, just episode nine here real quick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

I have I have some concerns about how this ended. I have one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

big complaint, but by and large, I think Marvel did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

the audience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

they they did us right in the way that they wrap this up and concluded it. I think there were so many ways they could have screwed this up, and they I think they they threaded the needle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

I have one big beef, and I think we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

we'll wait to talk about it later, but I'll just sum it up in this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

Wanda is not a good character at the end of this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

Right? She's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

she's not a hero at all, no matter how you might contort it. And she she almost walks away at the end of this episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

with, like, love from the people around her. And and that's that's totally not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

Episode nine, I think, Satisfy is a good way to describe it. What do we think of the series as a whole?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:08]

I mean, I think as the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:10]

first official MCU series because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

this definitely gets rid of agents of shield. I'm sorry, boys. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

Two two versions of the dark hold cannot exist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

Did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

you read my notes already? No. No. But I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

that would make mean two versions, right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

No. I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

as a whole, I mean, you have to be happy with it. Even if you if if you aren't a huge fanboy, the amount of work that they put into a series.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

That's high hopes for the future too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

If it gets better from here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

happens when they abandon movies and they go to What if four to nine episode series to tell What if this is the peak? What if this is the peak and it's all downhill from here? I don't see that happening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:02]

Well, mean, what in was in game and Infinity War in end game the peak?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:08]

I mean because I mean this this summit I think maintains the high of that. You know what I mean? I Yeah. Even two years later, I think we we've maintained the high. I'm happy that this happened before Black Widow honestly because I think as good as Black Widow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

might be,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

that probably would have been a little bit of a valley just because it's a dead character. So you're just retreading IP.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

Yeah. Yeah. I there there's definitely I think a timeline challenge there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

I I I think I generally agree with you. John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

series as a whole.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:44]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:45]

I think to me, the series as a whole couldn't figure out what it actually wanted to do.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:51]

So, like,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:52]

they went in with the sitcom thing, which I thought was excellent and executed really well. But then they're, like, flashing back and forth. Okay. Is this more about Wanda's grief?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:04]

I don't know. It just seemed parts of it, looking at it as a whole, seemed disjointed. Maybe that changes if I go back and watch everything all the way through.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:12]

But the sitcom element specifically

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:15]

was exceptional.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:18]

They didn't make it a parody,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:20]

and they held true to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:23]

the feel of the sitcoms

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

while progressing the story. Now, did episode eight change your perspective on the sitcoms at all? Because you you like the sitcoms from day one. I did. I'm just curious. Did eight, like, give it more significance or substance for you?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:37]

Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:39]

Tying it into Wanda's past.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:41]

I don't know how it couldn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Okay. Well, mean, you were so gung ho on those sitcom episodes. I remember sitting here thinking to myself, like, what am I missing? Because I I wasn't I wasn't jiving it, especially by episode three. Was like, really? Come on. Let's let's get past this. I think now that I'm thinking on it, I think that,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:59]

really, it's the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:01]

sword

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:02]

subplot

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:03]

that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:04]

doesn't seem fully developed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

Oh, it definitely look through. Yeah. It definitely is. I I a 100% agree with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

So as a whole,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

I think this is a solid show. I think that that this is a great way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

to introduce the MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

to, you know, episodic viewing. One of the things that I I really realized while watching this is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

I think, for me at least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

the age of Netflix dropping a whole series and you binge watching it two or three nights, I think I think that's gone. I think this is so much more fun to do it this way. Absolutely. I think the momentum that built around it, connecting with other people I did a watch party for a couple of episodes with with friend of the show, Joe Taylor. Like, you don't get that experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

in the Netflix series drop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

And I think that that really played into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

this show and its delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

general, I think the writing was pretty pretty great. I think it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

you know, the kind of thing that we expect from the MCU, and I think it would've been very easy for them to miss that mark and be like, you know, another Ant Man of the Wasp or Guardians of the Galaxy two. Yeah. I think the thing there with the writing is,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:15]

at worst,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

they default to kind of base level Marvel rather than continuing to push the envelope. Yep. Yep. And then the acting in this show Phenomenal. It was it was phenomenal. Amazing. It was stellar. And I I was thinking about something you said, John, that Paul Bettany was the weaker character. And then I then it like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

looking back, he he was definitely weaker than Elizabeth Olsen from a performance series. But he's not bad. Oh, he was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:42]

Mhmm. And then There is so much joy and when he's like role playing in those original episodes that it comes through naturally in the acting and in this character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

I think he actually enjoys playing Vision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:55]

Oh. No doubt. I think it's the same thing like you can tell that Downey Junior really enjoyed playing Tony Stark.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:01]

Yep. They're just completely immersed in the character. Yeah. And and I can't remember her name now. The the lady who played Agatha, I thought she was fantastic. I was just gonna say that. She doesn't really stand out because I haven't seen her in anything else. But like she was Agatha. There was never a doubt in my mind.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:19]

Even going back to the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:21]

next nosy next door neighbor stuff and things like that. And that's a hard transition to make too from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:27]

a as a character standpoint from where she starts out as the b roll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:32]

kind of character and then transitions to the full blown villain over the course of the nine episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:38]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

being a Salem witch versus being the nosy neighbor, that's a that's a big departure. So that's impressive. And I think at the point of revelation, right, like, realize we've been toyed with. And I think that makes that makes the performance that she's put on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

that much better. I mean, like, there was this moment of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

man, I hate her and gosh darn it, she's good, you know, like all at the same time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

I I did think I will say this. I so I'm a big fan of Wu and Darcy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

I was really glad that they joined the cast. I thought that that was just a bit of comic relief. I felt like Hayward,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

probably a great character that was just underdeveloped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

Yeah. And and same with Monica Rambo. Right? And I think this goes to point you're making, John. Like Sword,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

that there's a lot that could have been unpacked there, and and maybe it was a, you know, an editing job. I don't I don't know, but I feel like that was definitely underdeveloped as a whole. So I think that the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:32]

Rambo stuff, and we'll get to this later probably, will be developed. I think they used this as really an introduction

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:38]

to her and kinda work in story for her. Yeah. Definitely. I for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

we there's this illusion that she gets her powers in this series. Right? Now she's Right. In in the comics, right, she's Spectrum. She's Photon. Those are her names. I'm thinking they're probably gonna go with the Spectrum

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

mantle, is my guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

And and there's like, it's not clear. Right? Is this is this mind stone power that she's gotten from Wanda? Is some did something else happen? There was that, like scene with the medical files when they were doing the tests that like made us think maybe they were gonna do something, but they didn't. And there's a lot of they throw it back a lot towards her relationship with Captain Marvel too. Yep. So regardless of that, I know they've talked about the relationship her mom had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:20]

and them being friends or or more and things like that. I'm just interested to see if maybe she did actually go to space.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

You know what I mean? When she was a kid and I there's a lot of there's a lot of time there for them to explore. I I mean, I don't necessarily know if they're going to do that because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

we've kinda seen where they wanna go with Captain Marvel two and everything like that. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

as a whole, I think this is a great installment in the MCU. I'm pleased. I'm looking forward to what comes next. I don't know if they'll give us a season two of WandaVision,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

but I I hope they figure out something because there's a lot of story to tell here yet. And I don't even think they're gonna be able to do it all in doctor Strange and whatever comes next. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

The amount that they set up for doctor strange,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

I think, is pretty phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

You have a disgraced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:13]

kind of Wanda that's trying to find herself as the Scarlet Witch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:18]

in the middle of nowhere, what looks like Russia or Alaska.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

No. That's Norway. That's Norway?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

Humor me for a second. I was thinking about this. You're you're jumping way ahead on me, but but you're you're talking about the end credits scene. I I believe that she is somewhere near the Asgardians.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

Okay. We can flesh that out later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

Let's let's recap episode nine real quick. I think just just kind of the highlights. Right? We've got this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

this this fake vision. Right? Goes after Wanda the killer. I've been calling fake vision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

fission. I actually I've seen this on the Internet, so this is not original to me. But just for the sake of this, rather than calling him white vision or I I saw something called the Lily white vision. That makes sense. Was confused by that note and makes perfect sense. Okay. So so Fission goes after Wanda, and she's tripped up because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

that's not the vision that she created,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

but then he attacks her. Right? And so we get kind of like this murder robot, almost Ultron like mission

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

that Fission is on. And there was a small part of me that really hoped that they were gonna drop, like, Ultron 13 or something like that, one of the other incarnations of Ultron, because I still don't believe he's over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

After that, there's a sky battle, right, which I think was reminiscent of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

some of the other scenes we've seen, you know, like, I'm thinking back to Iron Man battles in the air and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

Then we shift to Agatha. Right? And I think this is the this is the big

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

the big component of this particular story. Patrick, you alluded to the Darkhold,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

which Agatha references. John, did you did you recognize it?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:01]

I did not. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

Do you know the Darkhold by name thinking of Marvel Agents of S. L. D?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:08]

What season did that happen? Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

It was it's the Ghost Rider season. Right? So I have seen that season. Okay. So so basically, the Darkhold is a book of witchcraft. Right? It's it's got a a definite evil components to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

I think we've heard about this in doctor strange as well. Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:27]

I think it's referenced. Yeah. As one of the the tomes that should not be be used or be read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

Yep. And so, we've got this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

the presence of the dark hole that I think is a very clear connection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

doctor Strange. Right? That this this magic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

whatever's taking place here, is somehow connected to the thing that's going on with the Sorcerer Supreme. And and Agatha even references the Sorcerer Supreme, like, the amount of power that the Scarlet Witch has, because this is chaos magic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

We find out that Agatha's power is to actually assume the powers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

of people around her. Right? And so she is trying to to get chaos magic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

which I think would make her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

you know, could potentially make her, right, like a a significant villain in the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

But that doesn't happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

She's she's, like, messing with the kids. There's that whole dynamic. She's going right after Wanda's heart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

there's this moment. I think this is this is where, for me, this episode goes south,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

because of of what follows us. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

Agatha releases

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

the mental grasp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

on all of the townspeople.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

And we get some confirmation, I think, of some theories that we've talked about on this show, which is like, she's been channeling her grief into them. Right? She's been displacing it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

and these people are in misery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

Ultimately, she opens up the hex, try and let them out. You let something out. You always let something in. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

Yeah. And I think I don't know if she's she's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

making them a part of her conscience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

I think, is the is the closest thing because they say that they see her nightmares and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:10]

so she is essentially the director that is directing them and they exist only within her conscience when she's being or when she's controlling them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

Yeah. I mean, ultimately, right, like, this is the the manifest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

manifestation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

of her grief has been displaced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

to them. And I think this is what makes Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

so utterly evil in this show. Right? Is to make all of these people suffer, all of this pain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

And we're gonna eventually just gloss right over that, right, in the episode. That's that's where this bothers me. But for the time being,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

you know, they escape, and then in comes John's favorite set of villains.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:49]

My favorite set of villains?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

Yeah. Sword.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Oh, okay. Right? And so they're they're gonna Do try we know that yet? I mean, I think that's a good question. What do you think?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:00]

I think that shield wasn't wasn't

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:04]

a villain, but eventually,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:06]

they got infiltrated.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:07]

I mean, always structures

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:09]

lead to evil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

Well, you can go back to the first Avengers movie. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

And and what has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

S. E. L. D. Been doing with the Tesseract?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

Right? So there's there's this, like, corrupt element. So S. R. D. Has the body of of a Synthesoid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

and they try to make it a weapon. Right? And I think that's the tension with these these, like, pseudo good agencies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

is that in an attempt to protect, they're gonna create these weapons that ultimately are gonna be turned on them, right, and and create even more havoc.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

How much of it is Hayward and how much of it is the actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:44]

agency of Sword though?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

I mean, as far as we can tell, right, like we can't split the two in the show because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Hayward's the director. Everyone is following his orders. I mean, there's nobody that apart from Monica

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

who Well, and the troop that Monica calls in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

Yeah. But that's that's not part of Sword, is it? I got the impression that that was part of some other That was part of NASA?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

I I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

I I thought it was another military agency. I didn't think it was was Sword, but I I I could I recognize I could be wrong on that front. Alright. There's a third rewatch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

Here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

So then, suddenly we cut over to Monica who's with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

Pietro or as I like to call him, Pietro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

because he's the fake Pietro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

And we get this clear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

reference that he's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

Pietro at all, which I don't even know what to do with this. This this is one of those things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

I can't decide if it's bad writing or if there's so much more story to tell that they're just messing with us. I don't know. We're jumping into the multiverse,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:49]

so pretty much anything's possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:53]

These multiverse have a different name, you know? Yeah. I think it was just kind of a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

So they just threw it out there because they knew people would freak out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

As soon as they saw him in the casting notes, everyone was freaking out. When it popped up a few months ago and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:11]

then him popping up as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

quote unquote quick silver.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

Yeah. I think they just did it for the giggles, honestly. I don't know if there's anything else that we can really look into it on. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well, and I didn't recognize the name. I did did cursory search the whatever the name I'm not gonna say it on the podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

of the guy to to see if he was a character somewhere else I didn't know about. But but ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

I think for for Pietro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

the question I'm left with is, that a better troll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

than Paul Bettany's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

You know, with, like, the the actor that he played alongside. You know what I'm talking about? Mhmm. Which which is the better troll of WandaVision?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:55]

Yeah. I think it's probably gonna be the the Fietro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

I think everybody hoped that this was gonna be the bridge for the MCU into X Men or X Men of the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

It clearly, it was not because Pietro is not Pietro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

The bridge though is Scarlet Witch. Right? 100%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

Full on, like, this is, you know, a mutant who was amplified by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

the Mind Stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

This whole thing with Pietro Monica, I think, really just serves to resolve the Pietro thing. It was honestly, it felt out of place to me. Like, it it did not help the story.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

I think they should have done it in episode they should have put in episode nine and move the the post. I mean, I think they could have rearranged it a little bit or put it at the beginning of the episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

Suppose I was reading an article either yesterday or today that said they cut a lot of scenes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

specifically relating to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

Pietro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

and Monica in the last episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

Just for time. Yeah. So, mean, that makes sense if that was the actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

because otherwise, Monica just kinda disappears except for her hero moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

Wouldn't it be great to have a director's cut of this show?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

And then it'd be a six hour movie. Yeah. It'd be like that Lord of the Rings thing you like to watch, John.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:19]

Something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

after the Pietro thing, I think we get the the next two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

things that are the most important in this show are first,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

the discussion around the ship of Thesis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

and then the next one will be the the ruins. But let's let's steal the ship of Thesis first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

I just out of curiosity, John, you you studied philosophy. Were you familiar with the ship of thesis before Yes. Vision dropped it? But I don't think that I have heard anything about it since intro to philosophy.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

Yeah. It's been a while. Somebody read a book and and decided that they were gonna they were gonna leverage. I actually, you know This was great though. It was used well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

and and what's what's fascinating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

I I think, is we have this Ultron component

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

that exists before vision. Right? Where he evolves beyond his programming. He's got a very clear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

program, and then he goes beyond it. But he goes he goes beyond it in the wrong way. Becomes the ultimate villain, right, or the ultimate mechanical villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

And fission,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

basically, evolves beyond his programming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

with this like philosophical trippiness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

And just just, you know, for the sake of conversation here, the ship of thesis is like, if on my Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

I replace every individual component,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

is it still the Mac that I bought? Or is it a new Mac? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

And if I take every component apart and I go build something else with it, is that the Mac I originally like, that that's a philosophical discussion. So with Vision, right, he's got Vision's body, he's got Vision's mind, but he's got some new programming. Is he still Vision or not? And apparently, it trips up Vision and boom, he's gone. He ghosts the rest of the show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

I will 100%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:02]

see him again. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

I I don't think that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

it's their casual way of writing him out of the episode as to not make him

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:10]

a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

protagonist in the final battle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

I I do feel like they needed to give us a little more than they did like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

because I mean, he's just he's just gone. There's nothing. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

they're they're in the library or whatever it is that they're doing and then boom, he's just not there. Disappeared. Yes. His revelation and he bolts. Yeah. Well, and it's like, I mean, you know, we've seen Marvel characters do this before. That's what the Hulk did. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

But, I I'm curious, do you think we'll see him in Doctor Strange?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

I don't,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

I think it might be a few years

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:49]

before or maybe the first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:52]

kind of movie where they all come back together. I don't know where he would actually fit in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

outside of a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

grouping movie. You know what I mean? Where they actually come together as a team. Yeah. And I I think part of the reason we don't know where he would fit in is because they gave us absolutely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

nothing to go off. Yeah. I mean, can also see them doing a vision series.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

And Matt actually making him the primary character,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

white vision learning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

and kinda going about the life of the vision and how everyone around him deals with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

Except so many that were around him are gone. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

Yep. Black Widow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

Iron Man, Captain America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

Hulk's gonna be written out. Hawkeye's gonna be written out. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

God,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

you're making me depressed. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

what what did you think of Ship of Thesis? Was it an easy cop out or did you think this is clever? No. I think it was clever. It's a good way for them to to explain it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

and still make it high brow enough for it to make sense coming out of Vision's mouth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

It's it's rather cerebral. Don't you think, John?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:04]

Like, what you would expect from vision?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

No. I just mean, like, it's it's it's deep. Right? Like, this is not my kids didn't get it. I don't think I don't think they understood the ship of thesis. Yeah. I'd agree with that, but I think it was fitting for the conversation

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:17]

that was happening.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:19]

They were coming together as equals working through this thought experiment,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:23]

a vision that was existing only in Wanda's mind,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:27]

and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:28]

the old vision's body, now with memories.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

So we've gotten a little bit of Vision, the philosopher, I think, in past movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

the depth of it, I don't know that we've had since that closing scene in Age of Ultron,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

Right? Where he's talking with Ultron about the beauty of humanity. But we know that that's like that's like an element of his character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:51]

I I think that is an area that they could have developed a wee bit more in this show. Like, I was we got a we got a lot of depth on Wanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

I don't know that we got a lot of depth on the actual character of Vision himself though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

Well, I've at the same time, there is it's not Vision. It's only her her memory of him. Yeah. What does she There's no way to develop him

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

because he lives completely in her mind at that point. Mean, that's paraphrasing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

what she says at the end.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

But there's there's nothing to him outside of what is in her mind. So, don't know if he can even develop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

really other than what she knows of him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

I I mean, it's an interesting question. Right? Like, what what would actually be the full capabilities of the hex? So just to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

to I thought this was beautiful dialogue. Vision asks, I feel I must know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

what am I? And Wanda responds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

the piece of the mind stone that lives in me, a body of wires and blood and bone that I created my sadness and my hope,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

but mostly you're my love.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

This dialogue in the scene that comes after the the Fission

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

bit between Wanda and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

and Vision is some of the best. So before we get that dialogue though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

Wanda schools Agatha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Did you like did you get this? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

at first glance, did it take you a second? She toyed with Agatha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

You think the whole time she was toying with Agatha? I think once

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:22]

they have kind of the the family team up scene

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:25]

and they take to the sky again, I think from that point on, was toying with her.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:31]

I think she realized what was going on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

and it clicked. And from that point on, she was toying with her. So for the better part of the fight, I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

she was doing it on purpose. Because you if you watch the the aerial battle again, she's throwing out energy not even in her general

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

like it goes past her on purpose

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:52]

to make the runes. So when she's firing the energy into the into the hex, I think that's when she's creating the runes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

And by and at the point in which she reveals the runes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

that's at a time where she's already spread enough energy around to to make the barrier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

So Which is why she's so dangerous.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:15]

This was great

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:16]

because I had absolutely no idea that that was happening. I thought Wanda was losing,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:22]

and that made it excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

So did you recall the reference to the ruins though? When it happened? Oh, it took me it took me a hot minute. I I was embarrassed. Sarah had to explain it to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

The only the only problem I have with the way they did it is in the episode nine recap of episode eight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:41]

where they're going back through episode eight. They have her

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:45]

Agatha mentions the runes. They show the scene again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

If I think it would have been more powerful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

if they hadn't have shown that in the in the recap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

In the recap, did they have the like the specific dialogue about Yeah. The entire dialogue is there. And I I normally skip the recaps

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:04]

when we're watching the episode. So but I watched it today and there's the dialogue there in the recap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

And I was like, oh, that makes You watched all nine episodes today and the recaps in between each episode?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Yeah. They're like forty five seconds tap tap onto the front. Did you just level did you fast forward to the the credits or did you watch all those too?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:24]

There's like eight minutes of credits on each I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

I skipped. Yeah. Okay. Alright. I respect that. Respect that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

So she schools Agatha, and then she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

like, I don't know, locks Agatha down. I don't even know that we totally know what's happening at that particular moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

But then we get this, like, acceptance from Wanda that she's going to collapse the Hex.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

And I think I think we expected that. I do wonder now, Patrick, with your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

hypothesis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

that she was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

creating the ruins and schooling Agatha the whole time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

was she collapsing the hex

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

knowing more than she was she was letting on at that at that particular moment too? No. I don't think that she actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:13]

started

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

the the schooling until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

like, I think that she was actually losing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:20]

up until the point where they have when sword

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

streams in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

they have the family team up scene.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:27]

And then as soon as Vision goes off to fight White Vision,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:32]

the boys take care of the military and she goes in the sky. I think at that point is when she started playing with her. I think for the first half, the first quarter of that battle, she was actually losing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:43]

And then, you have the family moment where they're reunited and she finds her resolve

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

to win essentially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:51]

and to become the Scarlet Witch. Right. I think she accepted that this was her destiny and this is what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

this is what her she is. And she gets her mantle, like her literally her mantle of Scarlet Witch. I thought they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

did a clever modernization of that. I'm still glad that we got the Halloween scene though. I thought that was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

Yep. That was nice. Good foreshadowing too. Yeah. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

it it was definitely a fanboy scene. But I think, yeah, foreshadowing And merchandising play. For

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

sure. I gotta tell you what, we'll see which kid wants to be Scarlet Witch if it's Evelyn or Lucy come come Halloween this year. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

we so so when she collapses the hex though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

does she think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

or does she know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

how I wanna say this. Is there more to it than just her giving up the hacks?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

Is she plotting something as she's letting go of Westview?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:50]

I think she knows she can get them back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

We get into a series of dialogue in the house that I think is really significant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

I the the one the first thing that struck me as odd was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:02]

boys,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

thanks for choosing me to be your mom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

And when I heard that, I thought that's such a weird thing for a parent to say. It sounds awkward in the mouth, and it sounds awkward in the ears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

But it makes me wonder if there's more to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

Speed and Wiccan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

which which are the boys, the twins, that's their young Avengers names,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

what we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

see on the surface. Right? Like, if maybe she didn't just purely create them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

you know, out of nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:32]

I think at this point in the story, I think she's created them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:38]

They might be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

her perfect children in her mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

But, I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:47]

if we fast forward a bit into the post credit scene, I think there's more to like what you're saying, I think there's more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

to them existing than just existing inside of the hex. Well, and we we hear them. Right? Yeah. As as a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

in that post credit scene too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

We'll we'll get to that. I don't wanna I don't wanna get too far ahead here then. So there was there was a great quote. Vision had some awesome dialogue in this whole thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

He had this line,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

because it can't all be sorrow, can it? I've always been alone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

so I don't feel the lack. It's all I've ever known. I've never experienced loss because I've never had a loved one to lose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

What is grief if not love persevering?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

I was like, bam. There's the there's the philosopher again, you know. And I think it's also a clue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:37]

that this dynamic between the scholar, witch, and vision is not over. Right? That that perseverance bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

you know, his his final

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

words are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

I have been a voice with no body, a body but not human, and now a memory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

made real,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

which is which is interesting of itself, Patrick, as we think about, like, what what is vision in that moment? But and he says, who knows what I might be next?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

We've said goodbye before, so it stands to reason, and Wanda finishes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

We'll say hello again. Right? I thought that was a nice little

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

wrap up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

for for them, and then the Hex closes in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

the boys, the house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

Vision are all gone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:21]

And I think it's sad. Like, it's genuinely sad. This is a genuinely sad conclusion to this movie. Oh, yeah. That's the last dialogue in the episode, isn't it? Yes. Well The last official dialogue That's in the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

I mean, that's a very powerful note to end on. Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

We do get Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

on her way out after that dialogue, don't we? Yeah. She flies out of town.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:46]

Okay. And then that's where the episode ends officially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

Hold on a second now. Is Monica Rambeau's line, they don't even know what you gave up for them? Is that That's Is that not That's after she That's when she walks to the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:02]

Okay. Or no?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:04]

No. It is after. Yeah. The hex yeah. So that that is the last line. All the citizens of Westview are looking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

The last line is the is the Monica Rambeau kind of dialogue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

Okay. And that is where I have a beef with this show and this episode. I I shared I think I shared with you guys the op ed from the Washington Post, which I think hit this home

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

real well and real clear. It's totally worth reading. It's entitled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:29]

WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

punted on its most interesting idea about grief.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

And I I think really, like, to sum it up, Wanda is nasty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

in this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:39]

in in this setting. Like, what she's done in Westview,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

I think the article refers to as a monster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

And then you had this like weird

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

glorification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

of her by Monica,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:51]

and this vilification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

of Hayward.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

When quite frankly like, Hayward trying to stop Wanda from what she was doing in Westview was probably the only righteous thing that was happening through a bunch of these episodes. Was he actually trying to stop her though? I think he was trying to stop what she was doing in Westview. I think I like, ultimately, I think what he wanted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

was to somehow harness power from her to to power, you know, fission.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

But I think he still wanted the Westview thing to end. Right? Wu definitely did. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:23]

I don't I feel like he he was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:27]

accepting of the fact that if Westview,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

the Hex had to exist to power his weapon, he was he was okay with that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:37]

Okay. Maybe. Maybe. We don't actually get enough dialogue from him to know. No. Not at all. Yeah. I mean, the the Rambo almost glorifying like the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:47]

dialogue,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:48]

it feels out of place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:50]

But at the same time, I think it's a genuine kind of emotion. Like, I would do it too to bring back my mom. You know what I mean? Yeah. And keeping in mind the baggage of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

the the blip, the snap,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:04]

and what you would do to have those five years or in her case, I think two years that she was alive after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:10]

Monica was gone back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:14]

I think the show leaves it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:17]

up to the watcher to decide if she's a good or bad guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

No way, man. No way. No. You can't she's tortured hundreds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:26]

maybe thousands of people in this town. She's literally tortured them for for like, I mean, days, weeks, we don't know how long, but it's like it's a non trivial amount of time. They're in pain. So is every ounce of good that she has done overridden by this? No. No. No. I'm not saying that. But I I do think she does not leave this show as a superhero.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:47]

Right? No. No. Not at all. She's a villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

Yes. Now, maybe not maybe not the worst villain but she's definitely a bad person like And I I do think that transitions into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

it transitions into Doctor Strange. I still hold out what I said months ago

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:03]

when we looked at the lineup. I still think she's gonna be the first act, second act villain of Doctor Strange. Yep. And I I totally agree with you. Yeah. I think I think the references to the Scarlet Witch being more powerful than the Sorcerer Supreme,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:17]

as well as the connection with the Darkhold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:19]

Yep. I I don't see how she's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:22]

part you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

one of the villains,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:25]

if not the villain. But by the way, speaking of, like, number of villains,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

there there's multiple villains going on in this show. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

Three clear ones. You've you've got Hayward. You've got Agatha. You've got Wanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:38]

And I I was thinking about this. The last time that Marvel juggled multiple villains

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

in in the MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

the Wasp. And they did a terrible job with it. Right? Yep. And and there there's a little bit of redemption in being able to do multiple villains in a story like this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:56]

But in over four hours of footage. Well, and that's fair. You know what mean? Think if Ant Man would have had four hours of footage, they might have had some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:04]

kind of developed villains instead of non developed villains. They you know Stan doesn't like Catwoman.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:11]

Catwoman?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:12]

In Ant Man and Wasp.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:15]

Catwoman. What are you talking about? Some Michelle Pfeiffer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

Oh. She's not a villain though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

That's why you don't like the movie. Well, no. I mean, they have they have three well casted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

villains

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

that they don't do anything to develop. Right? Like, it it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

who's who's who they actually fighting against? Anyhow. It's a bridge movie. It's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:39]

a bridge movie. Okay. I don't know that I'm ready to call Wanda a villain coming out of WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:45]

She's not Is she torturing

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:48]

those people?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:50]

Is Tony Stark a villain when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:54]

But no. But he's written as a villain when he is the arms dealer. Yep. I mean, that's the entire point of of the Iron Man redemption. When he builds his army of suits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

I mean, I think the arc of Iron Man, right, is him coping with the fact that he's been a bad dude for a very long time, and now he his his redemption is to protect the world. Right? And he is he is consumed with his grief, and rather than using his grief to literally torture hundreds of people in a town,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

he's trying to build a literal suit of armor around the world.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:24]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:26]

So I I just keep coming back to she tortured all these people, and I do think she I think she had some level of awareness of this. Right? Like, she was not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

oblivious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:36]

to what was going on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

in the hex. I think if she was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:41]

some of those times where we've we saw people, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:45]

like the fourth wall episode. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:47]

There there's this knowledge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:50]

of what's going on when Agatha asks like, redo the scene or whatever, you know? Yeah. I think that at the beginning of it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:59]

it almost plays, especially in the first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:03]

three episodes. It plays as though she's done it. She's created the hex. It's her perfect

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:09]

sitcom life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:10]

I don't know if she realizes at that point

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:13]

the impact

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:15]

and the negativity that she's caused.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:17]

But as the show progresses, I think she realizes it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:22]

But she makes the conscious effort that she's going to have to continue it if she wants to continue living the life. In fact, Vision confronts her about it with that one colleague of his. Right? So I think it's out in the open. I think I think she's a villain. I'm not happy about it. Don't get me wrong, but she she is Magneto's daughter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:43]

Okay. Post credit scenes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

So the first one, Rambo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:47]

is in a theater,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:49]

and she's approached by another agent of something another,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:53]

who then reveals that she's a Skrull.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:56]

And she says that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

how does she say this? An old friend of your mother's wants to talk to you. Right? Or something And like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:05]

I mean, I think we know who this is. Right? This this shouldn't be a surprise. Oh, yeah. She's going she's going up to space and gonna sit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:12]

next to to Fury on a on a little beach overlooking the Hologram

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:17]

Beach.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:17]

Pacific Ocean. Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:20]

I think this is the first time that that that post credits scene which movie was that from? Was that from Spider Man? Spider Man. Yeah. This is the first moment in which that scene doesn't just seem superfluous. Right? Like it was it was cute,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:32]

but now maybe there's actually a little bit of substance to it that's playing to the storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:37]

I think, you know, this is setting something else up. I don't I don't think there's there's not a lot of depth here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:41]

Maybe it ties in a secret invasion. Yeah. I mean, I think it's definitely secret invasion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:46]

The one thing I missed at the end of this episode were the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:50]

or was the were Will Returns.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:53]

I would have really like to see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:55]

Monica Rambo will return, Vision will return. That I I think would have been a nice kind of touch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:02]

just for the audience

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:04]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:05]

to place it a little bit better because you always look forward to that at the end of an MCU movie. Wicked and Spears Yeah. Will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:12]

I think they will return. The problem is I think they're all gonna return. Don't I don't think we've lost any character from this show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:20]

I think the only one we won't see for a while is Agatha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:24]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:25]

But she's I think we'll see her. I think we'll see her, but I don't think we'll see her for a while. Yeah. Maybe maybe Fietro is gone forever. But That's yeah. I can see that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:34]

Okay. So post credits two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:36]

This is this is the the humdinger. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:40]

We you think she's in Sokovia?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:44]

I think Yeah. I think she's in Norway.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:46]

And I had no idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:48]

Mountains. Yeah. John John's like, whatever. I'm looking for that. Actually filmed in Alaska. That's 100% Alaska. But I think they're playing at Russia.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:56]

What the thought that I got was was

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:59]

actually from doctor strange wherever he goes when he gets cast off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:05]

Oh, in the Himalayas?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:07]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:10]

Could be That's what I thought, but I haven't thought about this as much as you guys have. I think there's gonna be an Asgardian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:17]

bridge here. Now we see Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:19]

sitting on the porch of a little Norwegian home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:23]

and then she goes into the little Norwegian kitchen. It was a nice peaceful place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:28]

after going through all that grief. To to get some Norwegian tea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:32]

And then in the back room,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:34]

we see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:35]

back room with a little Norwegian hut, we see another Wanda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:39]

which I perceive to be her Astro form. Is that what you're her Astro form. Yeah. Alright. Oh, yeah. John, when was the last time you saw Doctor Strange? A while ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:48]

Yeah. I actually we watched it after this because I was like, I gotta there's a whole bunch, or maybe we watched it after eight. I can't remember now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:57]

And she's got the Darkhold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:59]

Right? And this Darkhold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:02]

like like, we we kinda mentioned this earlier. Right? It's been in Agents of Shield. I think you're right. This probably invalidates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:07]

any grip that the the Agents of Shield had on the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:11]

Agents of Shield brought back Ghost Rider. I actually thought they did it pretty well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:16]

It's it's it's pretty good. It's better than Nicolas Cage ever was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:21]

Real hard to do. Did they get that IP with Fox too? Is that Fox IP? Yeah. Oh, man. And there are rumors that Nicolas Cage was going to return as Ghost Rider. I hope not. I don't know. It was it was a rumor site. I I wouldn't take it. It was on Reddit. I I it was not on Reddit. No. Reddit's a little more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:39]

Legit. Are you gonna say legit? Legit than we got So this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:44]

so but the interesting thing about the Darkhold though and and the potential to tie in Ghost rider, if they've got the IP and all of that. Right? Like, this is the story line where they could do it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:55]

She's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:56]

not up to any good there. Like, there's there's something seriously bad going on, and we hear the boys, the twins'

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:03]

voices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:04]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:06]

So I've been thinking a lot about this. As you know, I was firmly in the camp of the boys,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:12]

the hacks being created by Mephisto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:14]

and Master Pandemonium,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:16]

like like that whole dynamic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:18]

I don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:20]

I was wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:22]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:24]

I think I think that there's gonna be something in the dark hold which is going to open up an opportunity for her to meet Mephisto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:31]

and then she will take it to the next step to get the boys back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:35]

So Yeah. I I think I think they're gonna still play on that storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:38]

I just think it was probably too much for for one show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:41]

I think them announcing Nightmare as the villain for Doctor Strange two is a red herring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:46]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:48]

I think Mephisto is the is the villain for Doctor Strange two. Gosh. The main the primary the primary villain. I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:56]

she's going to make a literal deal with the devil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:00]

To get her boys back. To get her to get her sons which are pieces of Mephesto essentially. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:06]

Piece of soul.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:08]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:09]

he becomes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:10]

the the primary villain.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:13]

I hope I I I and if you it fits into a five five act arc too, if you think about it. I I hope you're right. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:22]

I like the Mephisto character and I think the connection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:25]

between him and Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:27]

is just something that they they could really they could really run with. And would be fun to see Mephiso on screen. Yeah. I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:34]

we go in progressions of weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:37]

in the MCU.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:38]

So slowly but surely things get more and more weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:42]

So, we had Guardians to introduce

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:46]

the idea that I mean, while we had the first Avengers movie to introduce space and then we had Guardians to introduce that there's a lot of space.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:55]

Then, Thanos pops up and it makes sense to the audience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:58]

Now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:59]

Wanda is scrolling

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:01]

around in a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:03]

the book of the dead, essentially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:05]

The book of sins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:07]

Here's her children. So, all of a sudden now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:10]

maybe seeing the devil isn't too far out of out of context. Isn't too unbelievable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:15]

for the audience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:17]

We're about to see a movie about ancient

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:19]

all time beings. So, I don't know if Oh, you're talking about Eternals?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:24]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:25]

Which is also going to, you know, up the weird level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:28]

Definitely. Definitely. No doubt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:33]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:34]

I'm trying to think what else I have in my notes here. That's the post credit scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:41]

What what kind of let downs did you have? Like, what what were you really disappointed about in the series?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:47]

I think you're I well, I'm looking at your notes and I think your let down is a bad let down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:52]

Oh. But we'll we'll get there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:54]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:55]

only letdown,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:00]

I feel like it should have been shorter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:03]

The show? I think the show could have been shorter by maybe one or two episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:09]

I also think that they would have solved a problem

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:13]

in the flow of the show if they would have alternated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:17]

alternated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:18]

the types of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:20]

narrative. So if they would have had one flashback, one sword, one flashback, one sword.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:26]

I mean, you see a lot of early February kind of shows do this. I'm watching the West Wing right now. The West Wing does it for the last two seasons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:36]

I think that would have actually been an effective way to tell the story and give plenty of time to each narrative.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:42]

I think you would have avoided the pitfalls especially on the sword side. That's my only let down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:48]

I think the dialogue that we got in the show is some of the best dialogue that's been written

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:55]

in the MCU, especially in the last three episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:00]

I would agree with that. I'd agree with that. And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:03]

I mean, the character development. Sorry, John. The character development.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:08]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:08]

I like character development.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:10]

I just don't agree with Stan on what makes good character development.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:15]

Wanda's character development.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:17]

I I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

you just put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:21]

two phases worth of movies in a six to seven episodes. Yep. Yeah. That's impressive. Yep. And if they continue that pace for the rest of the of the shows especially I mean six episodes of of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:33]

Falcon and the Winter Soldier. There's a lot of information that they're gonna put in in there. Oh, my word. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Don't even like, I actually have a little bit of anxiety over Falcon and the Winter Soldier because I keep thinking about, like, you got these two characters, you got carrying the mantle of Captain Marvel. Apparently, you got US agent, which somehow I missed the news on, and you got Sharon Carter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:52]

and Zemo's back. There's just like There's lot. Yeah. Yeah. I I hope they're forty minute each episode is forty minutes. They they have to be. If not, like, how are we ever gonna get through this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:03]

Alright. So my John, what was your letdown?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:07]

So, I mean, I talked about my nitpicky things with

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:12]

the writing overall

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:14]

throughout the series, not on an episode per episode basis. But I think that what makes a good

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:21]

superhero movie or series

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:24]

isn't

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:25]

the fight scenes

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:27]

and the big blockbuster

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:29]

summer movie type things. And said it magnifies something that is inescapably

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:34]

human.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:35]

And WandaVision did that with grief

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:37]

completely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:38]

That's very well said.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:40]

Wow, John. Have you been have you been cooking that the whole time we've been sitting here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:44]

A little bit. Alright. I didn't find Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:48]

I feel like you should drop the mic and we because I mean, look at I I think that's why I don't connect with, like, a Superman or Captain America so much because they

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:58]

they're these super good people. They don't have this human element to them in most cases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:06]

Don't get me started on Captain America again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:11]

my my letdown, which apparently Patrick thinks is terrible, we'll we'll get into it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:16]

Made this reference to an aerospace engineer, and they did nothing with it. And and like, you can't drop aerospace engineer in the MCU and not somehow capitalize that on a character. They did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:28]

Wait. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:31]

Alright. It mean

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:32]

makes sense. Like, you can't just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:37]

you can't throw everything in. You know what I mean? Sure. You have you have to pepper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:41]

So even if Reed Richards pops up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:45]

and I think it's scheduled for 2023.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:48]

It might be '24. I'm not sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:51]

But even if he pops up there and that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:55]

there's a post credit scene along the way that shows John Krasinski as Reed Richards. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:02]

Oh my gosh. Wouldn't it be great if they cast it in that for that? That he supposedly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:06]

that's like I That's been the fan casting for years and he was talking to Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:12]

Like he had multiple meetings with Marvel during corona

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:15]

or well I'm in Texas so corona is actually gone. I don't know if she's heard or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:20]

Oh

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:22]

my gosh. But no, like last year, like he had multiple meetings with Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:27]

So I mean, I would hope that he's cap or Reed Richards. That would be amazing. And then his wife seeing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:33]

Sue Storm would also be awesome but that's beside the point. Oh my word. Yes. I want that. That's the cast. That's like the per I mean, look at all the fan casting that's happened like it works. Yeah. Brie Larson as Captain Marvel is actually pretty good. I mean, it's not the best but she I mean, the character to me is not that interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:50]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:52]

It's not pretty well Larson's fault. But, no, I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:56]

I I think they have to pepper some stuff in. So I I recognize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:01]

that all of my hopes have built up that Reed Richards was gonna be the aerospace engineer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:06]

were foolish and silly. Right? That was not the moment to bring out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:10]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:11]

mister fantastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:12]

First step step of recovery, Stan. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:16]

but but here here here's the thing though. I do think there was an opportunity to do Amadeus Cho or Ironheart

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:23]

or, like, some of these other characters that have also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:26]

we either know are in the hopper or have been teased.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:29]

And I think it would have been more interesting because it's such a it, like, you wanna get excited about the way that that Monica's like, I've I I actually know an aerospace engineer. Like, I know a guy. Right? It reminds me of when Falcon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:42]

is like, I know a guy and it turns out to be Ant Man. Right? Like, you you just you wanted to be that kind of bridge. I'm I'm thinking about from Civil War. Right? When they're Mhmm. They're building their scene. So so that's that for me was a let down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:53]

And again, I I recognize I put a lot of stock in two words. Yeah. I mean But if you look at this from Marvel's perspective,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:01]

they have to have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:03]

enough stuff

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:05]

in all of their content to keep people like you and Patrick happy.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:10]

But it also has to be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:12]

approachable enough so that me and Anna can watch and enjoy it on a Friday night. Yeah. There have the bread crumbs have to exist. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:21]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:22]

I think there's a couple of interesting open questions that are not dealt with here. I I wanna know what is Monica's beef with Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:29]

Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:31]

What what one's sour? Is it because she didn't come back when her mom died? Is it that is that like straightforward or is there more to it? She didn't even know her mom died though. Well, yeah. There you go. Right? Like You know what I mean? What's like, what's what's the what's the story there? Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:45]

at the end of Captain Marvel, right, these two are buddies and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:48]

and they're they're chumming out. I don't know if it's in this or in end game. They there's the mention that she hasn't returned to Earth

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:58]

since

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:00]

the actual events of Captain Marvel. Right. Right. I'm not sure where it actually fits in but I'm 99% sure there's a mention. I mean, that's that's a the potential for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:13]

She could attribute her mom getting cancer and and being sick to Captain Marvel as well

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:19]

with the energy there. I mean, think that's that's pretty wide open.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:24]

I think we'll get that answer in Captain Marvel too. Hope It's pretty safe to assume. I hope so. And I hope they don't shortchange

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:30]

the the story that they've at least teased.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:33]

Who was Wu's missing person?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:37]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:38]

Was it Agatha?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:40]

I don't think it was Agatha. They never identified her on the board. Kind of I I wanted it to be be Pietro.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:48]

You know? They they just dropped that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:50]

They did. And and, like, it's it's the whole reason that we go to Westview,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:56]

you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:57]

So why would you completely abandon that storyline?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:02]

I I think it exists just as a way to get them there.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:06]

Yeah. But I I mean, I I I think that's one of those things where if you can't look into it too much because

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:12]

they wouldn't have necessarily known that Westview even existed without something like that happening.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:19]

So there has to be I mean, it introduces Wu

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:24]

who's I guess going to pop up multiple times just like Darcy is gonna like be interspersed throughout the universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:30]

I like that because it pulls everything together.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:34]

Remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:36]

Coulson popped up everywhere in phase one until they killed him. Oh, man. Put some respect on Phil Coulson's name. I love Phil Coulson. I I I loved him too. I thought it was a shame the way they killed him off in Avengers. The only thing I that bothers me is that Phil Coulson exists

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:52]

about killing agents of SHIELD is that Phil Coulson as a character

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:56]

exists

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:58]

in both.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:59]

Yep. I Yeah. You know what mean? I I think there's ways to write in

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:04]

agents or if shield,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:06]

they can probably make the dark hold the same book.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:11]

I don't know, man. I It becomes a It probably becomes a casting problem, honestly. Right? And I I also think you've got the Inhumans element there which I don't know that they would bring into the MCU now that they have Fox. Right? Like I I firmly believe that the Inhumans would not be a thing. But Inhumans, I mean you Black Bolt is a big deal.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:29]

Sure. I I just think that Just Black Bolt himself is a big deal. I think eventually, need to have a bridge for Black Bolt to be introduced.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:37]

Mutants

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:38]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:40]

then humans can exist in the same plane. Oh, they're the same thing, man. No, they're not. Oh, they're the same thing. How how do you distinguish They're canonically different.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:49]

So, mutants are actually like genetically modified

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:53]

and humans are descended from a race of essentially aliens and they're activated.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:00]

Let me ask you this. Do the Inhumans

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:03]

this is this is my naivete here. Did the Inhumans exist

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:07]

prior to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:10]

Disney acquiring Marvel? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:14]

Oh, look at this. They first appeared in Fantastic Four December 1960 Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:18]

Well, I say it correctly. Canonically speaking, they are two separate things. It was just

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:24]

Disney's way of getting mutants

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:28]

into

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:29]

the thing. So, the people who are mutants in

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:32]

agents of in humans and agents of SHIELD might not necessarily be

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:37]

like Quake is a character in Yeah. In Marvel. And I'm relatively

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:43]

positive she's actually an Inhuman.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:45]

I would expect to see Daisy Johnson in the MCU. She's a high profile actress.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:51]

I hope they can. At least becoming one.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:53]

I didn't care for her in Ages of Shield. I didn't mind her. She's gonna be in Powerpuff Girls. That that news came out today.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:00]

Powerpuff

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:01]

Girls. I'm so glad you read it. Time is paying off.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:06]

Eventually.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:07]

Yeah. Eventually. So okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:10]

Lastly, at least this is the last open question I wrote down. Curious if you got get others. But where where is Agatha actually at? Is she in Westview?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:19]

Yeah. I think I understand. Pretty clear. Yeah. I think Wanda basically

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:23]

made Westview her prison.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:26]

She everyone is everyone is inactive.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:30]

Everyone has their spell lifted,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:32]

but she locks Agatha down.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:35]

And I think that's even more villainous in a way too if you think about it because Agatha

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:40]

probably has enough wherewithal in all of her magicness,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:45]

her witchiness

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:46]

to understand

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:48]

and be aware of what is actually happening to her. Yes. So she exists in this prison

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:53]

knowing that she is in this prison and she has to act out her life as the nosy neighbor. Like like everybody else that Wanda touches, she's suffering. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:02]

Yeah. That I think is probably Wanda's most evil thing out of all of it because that's not grief inspired. Right. Yeah. That and that's not defeating. That's 100% vengeance.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:12]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:14]

I lied. There's one other thing. So so we've

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:16]

we've been it's correct me if I'm wrong. We've been teased that the young Avengers will

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:21]

enter the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:22]

Right? Like that's somewhere planned out in the arc. Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:25]

Yes. Yeah. There was a leak a few years ago that said they were planning it, but I think if you just look at what they're doing,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:31]

they're setting it up. Yeah. Ironheart Kamala Khan. Hawkeye, Kate Bishop. Yep. Kamala Khan.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:38]

They're setting up Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:41]

They're setting up

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:45]

Ant Man's daughter whose name whose superhero name escapes me.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:50]

They're setting up all of that. So, mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:53]

if there's an Amadeus Cho kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:58]

mention

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:59]

in She Hulk, I wouldn't be surprised. So Oh. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Well, She Hulk is is she she's not technically a Young Avenger though, is she? No. No. No. But I mean, I think that you have to have Amadeus Cho to have the Young Avengers, man. So so the other the other bit to the the Young Avengers and the reason I bring it up is Wiccan and Speed, Wanda and Vision's kids, they're like founding members of the Young Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:25]

And and I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:26]

this is why I I think they're coming back, and why I think this also could play into the Mephisto line, because I I don't see

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:32]

I don't see the MCU doing

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:35]

Young Avengers without those two characters. They're they're so central to the Young Avengers.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:40]

I don't think they would have spent time writing an entire narrative centering around

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:45]

their protection

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:46]

if they wouldn't have planned to introduce them in the future. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:51]

So all this to say, like, there's a lot of potential content here. Right? Like, we we know for sure that this show will

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:59]

flow directly into Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:03]

We know that that if I understand the sequencing correct, the multiverse of madness will actually flow directly into

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:10]

spider man three.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:11]

Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:12]

I think spider man comes first. I think spider man comes out at the end of this year, and then multiverse of madness comes out after. Oh, interesting. Multiverse of Madness is 2022.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:22]

Spider Man, I believe

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:24]

is December

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:25]

year. Yeah. Think that's But they did say

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:28]

that it would be releasing in theaters only.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:31]

So I'm Oh, yeah. They're committed. Breath.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:34]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:36]

I I think at this point, I mean, like I said, in Texas,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:41]

corona's gone. It's very nice. I can't wait till you guys get to experience corona being gone.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:49]

Now, I I think at this point and and where everything is going, they're gonna they're gonna hold the line.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:54]

If Disney

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:55]

I mean, I don't know if you guys saw the report. They're at a 100,000,000 subscribers.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:59]

Yeah. It's crazy. That's insane.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:08:02]

Yeah. And that's only gonna go up in the next two weeks. You know what I mean? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:08:07]

This I wouldn't be surprised if they released just and and understood like, yeah, we're gonna get a loss. But we're gonna release this for a month in theaters and then it'll be on Disney plus. Yeah. It'll it'll go to Disney plus quickly. And I just want them to take my money so I can watch it on my own TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:23]

Well I'm gonna run out a theater, man. It's a $100 nowadays, like Yeah. Actually, that the AMC thing you sent has got got my gears ticking.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:31]

Give me a vaccine and an empty room at the AMC. Game on.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:36]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:39]

haven't I haven't been following the news around the what was it? Reya and the Dragon? Is that the name of the movie? Yeah. Okay. I haven't been following it all. They're they're doing the same thing they did with Mulan. I actually never paid for Mulan.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:51]

I I feel kind of like conflicted because I want Disney to keep doing this, but I'm not interested in the movies that they're doing it with. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:59]

I would I would I'm interested in Raya and the Dragon or in the Last Dragon, I think. If it was $10 cheaper, I'd probably rent it. See, this is the difference between you and me because you don't have three kids that are each $15 a pop to get to the No. Front Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Yeah. $30 is a steal for me. Not to mention my old man bladder. Right? I can actually pause the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:20]

you know, relieve myself of all pressures Oh, you remember watching Endgame with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:26]

I dehydrated myself for like twelve hours before that movie. I'm just saying, man. I held it for two and a half movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:34]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:36]

Doctor Strange, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:38]

I'm I'm looking forward to. I think do do you think he's gonna be

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:41]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:42]

the anchor character or one of the anchor characters like you had Iron Man

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:46]

and and secondarily Captain America? I mean, truthfully, Thor was not an anchor character

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:52]

for the first, you know, two movies that he was in. Yeah. I think there we're gonna exist in two different planes. I think Thor is gonna be the anchor character and the Guardians to a to a lesser extent in the space realm.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:05]

And then, I think Doctor Strange is gonna kind of pop up

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:09]

on on Earth and

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:11]

move things along. I'm interested to see where

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:14]

I have a

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:15]

interest to see where Spider Man kinda fits into the narrative and where things move. Because I have a hard time believing that if Wanda becomes the

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:24]

the Scarlet Witch,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:26]

doctor Strange is not immediately going to know something's happening.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:31]

Sure. Sure. That that that's where I feel like there's a hole. If there's that much magic

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:36]

active,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:37]

doctor Strange would probably be aware. Right. So there has to be something that's

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:43]

pulling Doctor Strange

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:45]

away from Earth.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:47]

Thus the Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:49]

Oh, interesting. Okay. That makes sense. Yep. Yeah. So I I feel like that's that's the only way you don't have doctor. I mean, this happened

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:57]

a lot in the first couple of phases is where there has to be an explanation as to why everyone doesn't converge all at once. Yep. Yep. So I think that's how you write Doctor Strange out. And then, he picks back up, he comes back and he realizes post credit scene everything is gone to crap.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:14]

Marvel pay me.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:15]

I'll write for you all day long.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:18]

I haven't just rewatched Doctor Strange recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:22]

Benedict Cumberbatch

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:23]

is phenomenal and the writing of that movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:27]

it was so weird. It was so strange when it came out. It is such a good Marvel movie. And it it I I mean, I don't think it was appreciated until Infinity War. Oh, definitely not. Everyone hated it. It was on the bottom of everyone's lists until I remember right

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:42]

away.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:44]

I I liked it, but it was just so weird. It was middling for me, I think. Yeah. And then, you watch it and you see how much

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:51]

like their writing room, I would love to be a fly on the wall just to see how far they're actually planning. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yep. And to see like we're gonna pepper this, we can use this character here to we can introduce Reed Richards in WandaVision episode

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:07]

three, you know, or four, you know what I mean? Yeah. To lay it all out. To actually get that going. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:12]

I I did I I don't think there's anything to this, but I think there's it's I'll just toss out there. You know, Dormammu has this like

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:21]

purplish

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:22]

color to his You see that in his followers,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:26]

which is also Agatha's color. And I wonder if there's some correlation there. Tying, yeah. Maybe. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:33]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:33]

yeah. Alright. So we get a week off. Again, we're not gonna this is not a Marvel podcast. We're not gonna spend every week talking about Marvel. But I I would be remiss if I let you go, Patrick, without at least

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:45]

touching on expectations

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:47]

for Falcon and the Winter Soldier, which John's not gonna like because he's like Captain America.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:52]

So I I but but he's not gonna watch it. Hey. I thoroughly enjoyed the end of Captain America's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:58]

storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:01]

When he gets old and dies?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:03]

And gets reunited.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:05]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:07]

With with Agent Carter.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:11]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:12]

I mean, what what what

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:14]

should we expect? Because I feel I feel like the the bar is

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:19]

is set higher

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:21]

than WandaVision for this. WandaVision, you knew they were gonna experiment.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:25]

This is a six episode action series.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:29]

And then, they have to tell a narrative inside of it

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:32]

and actually get I I I don't think we walk away in six episodes understanding who

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:39]

Captain America is actually going to be. I think it's going to that's going to be a narrative over the entire phase. I think it will pop up again. I would

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:47]

very much believe that there would be a season two of this one.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:52]

In There's some

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:54]

a lot they can mess up. Oh, yes. I'm nervous for this one. I'm actually Loki Loki is gonna be fun. She Hulk is a lawyer

**SPEAKER_1** [01:14:02]

or is a courtroom comedy. It's gonna be fun. Hawkeye, they can't really mess up much in Hawkeye.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:14:07]

Introducing Kate Bishop is relatively

**SPEAKER_1** [01:14:10]

simple in the long term scheme of things.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:14:13]

This one they can mess up. They're doing Baron Zima which is one of everyone, every Marvel comic nerds favorite villains.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:20]

Yeah. And he's he's not new. Right? Like we got No. Yeah. He doesn't Yeah. In some ways, this is a sequel to Civil War which is like that's one of my all time favorite. Yep. You set out Infinity War's endgame because it's gonna leave its own. Right? Civil War is my favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:36]

Marvel movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:38]

I do it's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:40]

You get some of Zemo's craftiness, but there's there's a lot more there. And I'm glad that they were able to get the same actor.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:49]

Who is Captain America is an interesting question, because

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:52]

in the comics, right, Bucky does take the mantle for a while. Falcon does take the mantle for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:00]

And you've got US agent, which is like sort of pseudo Captain America. I think the question is, who owns Captain America?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:08]

Is Captain America a piece of property that the US government owns?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:13]

Do you think Is the mantle of Captain America government

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:17]

property. I think that it'll be fun

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:19]

watching them experiment with that idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:22]

So is that why they bring in US agent, do you think? That that's US agent's purpose for existing. Yeah. He is the government's replacement for Captain America. I I haven't looked. Did you see who they cast as US agent?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:35]

Yes. I do not know his name off the top of my head. I just in the comics,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:40]

they're like they make you hate US agent

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:43]

so much. Right? He there's nothing to love about this guy. Wyatt Russell. Okay. Who is Wyatt Russell?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:53]

I don't know who this is.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:55]

Have I seen him in anything else? Wow. That is a respectable beard on Wyatt Russell.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:02]

Yeah. He is Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn's son.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:06]

Yeah. So this is a nobody. Right? That's that's my takeaway here. This is a nobody, and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:12]

he just has to be a really unlikable character, I think, to pull off US agent. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:17]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:20]

alright, my friend. I think that is WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:23]

What do I need to watch as far as MCU movies go before Falcon and the Winter Soldier?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:29]

Captain America. All of them. The Winter Soldier.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:32]

Civil War.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:34]

Civil War. Endgame. I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:36]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:37]

I don't know. Yeah. In Endgame only because of the last

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:42]

Captain America scene. The the most important movies in my opinion are going to be

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:47]

Winter Soldier and Civil War. Civil War first. Like, that that that is again, I think that this show is absolutely going to be a sequel to Civil War and the storyline they're in.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:59]

I think the I think the main importance lies in seeing

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:03]

each of the characters relationship

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:05]

to the Captain America mantle Yep. And how they both respond to it. So almost the entire Captain America saga because seeing how Bucky interacts

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:14]

with Captain America in the first Avenger is probably a little important deep down somewhere too.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:19]

Yeah. Yeah. From a character development standpoint, but John doesn't like character development. So I do like character development. We just You just want to watch that? You you also don't like that first movie though. So that's why I'm trying to steer you away from watching that one.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:34]

If you haven't Doctor Strange recently just coming off of WandaVision, I would watch that. For sure. It's I I just think it it Especially since I've been working my way through Sherlock. So Oh, there you go. I'm a Cumberbatch kick anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:48]

Yeah. Might as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:50]

Infinity Wars and Endgame, I think, are important, especially

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:54]

Endgame, because there is the conclusion

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:57]

to that,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:58]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:59]

is is gonna be part of the setup as well. The hand off of that mantle.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:03]

Really, like, literally the mantle, the the shield.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:06]

I I wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:09]

if any of agent Carter is going to be relevant to this. You know, we we've gotten a little bit of agent Carter, like the actual show, because we got a little bit of that in the MCU, like what happens to her after Captain America. But Sharon Carter's in this. Right? And I gotta think she's gonna be playing off of of auntie a little bit. Don't don't you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:30]

Well, I mean, I think she's good. She's probably on the run.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:33]

I think she's probably been on the run for a while at this point too.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:37]

Since civil war? Since civil war. Yeah. I mean, I do really like that they're reintroducing

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:43]

the idea of the Sokovia Accords. I think that's important to realize that even though these people have saved

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:50]

the world that they're still bound by their respective governments. I think that's a good thing to remember. And I think we'll probably end up seeing some of that tie in down the line when we get mutants introduced finally.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:04]

But I mean, I think Sharon Carter's probably in the show just as she's that Captain America character that you recognize. I don't know if it has anything to do with Peggy.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:13]

I'll be interested to see. I could I could see it happening though. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:17]

Alright, friends. Any last closing thoughts?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:22]

I really appreciate you guys having me on again. Oh, we having you, Patrick. Yeah. We're glad I think you are our most frequent guest at this point. Yes. Yeah. And this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:33]

I think this is technically the shortest episode we've done with you at this point. It's awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:38]

Are we at the two hour point yet? No. No. Almost. No. We could do it. We could do it. You wanna do it? No. No. Alright. And on that note, my friends, thank you again for joining us. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen even in Texas. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
