---
title: Jon's iPhone 13 and Shang-Chi
episode: 161
date: "2021-11-18T13:34:07.000Z"
slug: jons-iphone-13-and-shang-chi/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The discussion revolves around the movie Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten
  Rings, focusing on its themes, symbolism, and connections to the Marvel
  Cinematic Universe. The conversation explores how fire is used sparingly in
  the film compared to water, which takes center stage as a symbol of purpose,
  power, and transformation. The discussion also touches on the historical
  associations of dragons with scales rather than fire, offering an alternative
  lens to understand the movie's themes.
keywords:
  - Fire symbolism
  - Water symbolism
  - Shang-Chi movie analysis
  - Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) connections
  - Dragon mythology
  - Scales association
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Okay, John. So at the end of last week, we talked about you finally pulling the trigger, a surprise trigger, mind you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

on getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

an iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

You you have that iPhone in hand now. Correct? Well, that was on my desk, but yeah. Okay. Pick it up. Alright. So for the sake of everybody who may or may not have listened all the way to the end of last episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

what did you order?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

I have an iPhone 13

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

Pro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

256

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

gigabyte model because apparently that's what you need for the fancy video thing that I have not used in a week. So Well, I've had mine since iPhone launch day and I've not used this since then either. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

let me let me just start here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

What made you decide to go pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

versus just iPhone 13?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

The video. Okay. And promotion and all that So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

basically, you wanted to take super super high res videos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

of Taliesin?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

Alright. Let's just go with it. Let's go with it. Alright. So the phone arrived. What color is it? So actually actually, it was more like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

I I am flirting with the idea of a YouTube channel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

and this would be a really easy way to get into the YouTube

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

stuff. So Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

I have to we're gonna take a this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

obligatory comma. Right? We're gonna pause

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

and and ask,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

what would your YouTube channel be about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

Pipe smoking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Oh, interesting. Okay. That's not what I expected it to be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:00]

Did you expect? Did you want me to rope you into it? Because that's what's gonna happen if it's anything science pipes. No. Yeah. Yeah. I I could be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

I couldn't be any less interested.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

But I'm happy for you, and I'm even happier that this has somehow, you know, led to you buying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

a nice current modern

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

phone. So what what color did you get?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

I got the Sierra blue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

And what is our satisfaction level on the Sierra blue?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

It was lame. I'm much more satisfied with the case color.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

And what what case color did you get, John? I guess it's just blue. But Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

So what's your issue with the Sierra blue?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:41]

I don't know. It's like it doesn't look blue. It looks gray.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:45]

Are you are you color blind? Like, it's just it's not Definitely blue, dude. Not as saturated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

as I would like it to be. Well, it's it's a metallic look. Right? And I think the thing about Apple's decision to use metallic colors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

is they are not always actually colorful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:02]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

But I mean, I thought that with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

iMac updates

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

like, the throwback to the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

like, original.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

What were they called?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

The colorful Apple ones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

The iMac? Was the first iMac. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, I thought that they were going back to a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

pretty colors, and that seems to be the way that design is going in its trend, or back to the seventies. So Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. App Apple's definitely on the muted color

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

trolley train, and you can I think this is best exhibited by looking at the current line of Apple Watch bands,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

which are, generally speaking, muted and blah? Like, I'm like, you wanna talk about an area in Apple's product line where I am hugely dissatisfied,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

and it is the the Apple Watch bands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

But that that color palette, that muted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

I I don't know. In in the case of the the devices, right, it it's muted, but it's also metallic muted. So they all air

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

towards grays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

Right? Metal colors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

I I there's a lot to be desired there. There's there's an absolute lot to be desired there. But the thing about the iPhone. Right? I feel like I should have gone black. Yeah. Well, shouldn't we all? Just because it's a bold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

a bold color. But but here's the thing. Where do you actually see your color? You see it you see it around the cameras. Around the cameras. How often are So you looking at your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

I don't know if I should do this, but I think I usually lay my phone down that way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

You lay your phone so cameras are up facing you? Yeah. That's just weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

Don't know if that's a privacy thing or if it's a I'm terrified that I'm gonna break the camera thing or what? Yeah. That's that's fair. That's how I do it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

Also,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

yeah. Because like if you're holding your phone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

and this is the orientation that you hold your phone in, it's easier to put it down and then when you pick it up again, it's not awkward. Okay. Yeah. I'll give you that. I'll you that. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

That's probably the real reason. I will say this. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

I don't know. I think the colors are overrated in the sense that apart from that area around where the cameras are, and also the the button to mute it. Right? You actually can't see the color. Oh, and I guess down by the the port and the speakers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Right? But it's just such a small surface area where the color matters. The the color is That part I never look at for sure. Yeah. Well, okay. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

The the color is so much more important, I think, the case. Now, you you decided to go with the silicone case. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

How is your lint exposure?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

So far, so good. It's because I went blue, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

Do you how often do you turn on your pockets and your jeans and shake the lint free?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

imagine that happens when I throw them in the wash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Oh, really? Okay. So hold on. This is interesting. Do you wash your jeans with your pockets pulled out of your pants?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:06]

Not on purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

Oh, okay. And you you think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

you think that that somehow happens in the washing machine?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

I don't know. All I know is that there's a bunch of it that ends up in the dryer lint thing. So Yeah. I don't I honestly don't know where that comes from. I've wondered this a lot, because I turn out my pockets, and they're filled with lint. So I I did the same I have not had that problem. Maybe you need to buy a different brand of jeans. Oh, dude. I'm I'm wearing San Francisco's finest. I got Levi's on right now. Come on. Yeah? Levi Strauss. Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

I buy mine off Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

So because I got the dad bod thing, because I'm rocking that hard, I get the Levi Strauss five forty one athletic cut, which I love that they call it athletic cut, because basically what it means is they've put elastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

into the waistband.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

Oh, it's fantastic. Thanksgiving

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

pants.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

That's exactly what it is. But but they look like jeans, so nobody can tell. So the the five forty one athletic cut, right, they're they're not, like, so tight on the legs that they would be constituted skinny jeans, but they're not so baggy that I feel like I'm still stuck in the nineties. They're the right kind of like slope,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

but again, they got the elastic in in the waist, and so it's perfect for my, you know, mostly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

sedentary lifestyle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:19]

Right. Why don't you just wear sweat sweatpants all the time?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

I there's I've got I have an emotional, like, hurdle to overcome. And I think I think what it is, I only like sweatpants

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

that have cuffs on the legs, you know? So some sweatpants

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

are open ended. Really? Yeah. I love the cuffs. So I'm complete

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

opposite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

Oh, man. Alright. So this is I don't like tight fitting clothes either though. So Well, I I I don't either, but I like them to hug the ankles. Right? And so That's I don't like socks that much just because it feels constricting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

Fascinating. Well, so so this, again, come full circle here, and basically, what I'm telling you is that the reason I wear jeans with elastic in the waistband,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

as opposed to sweatpants,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

is because if I wore jeans with cuffs, like, they you know, the little elastic thing around the ankles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

I would look like a complete idiot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

Even in my house, my It would not So go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

nonetheless, here we are. I do wear sweatpants, John. I wear them after 8PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

and before 8AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

Right? But but never between 8AM and 8PM. Like, that's just a no go. That's interesting. Like, not even on a Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

I mean, sat Saturday, 8AM is a really squishy concept. Right? It's it's less about a time, and it's more about a feeling. Because I'm pretty sure I wore sweatpants all day on Saturday. And I'm not gonna judge you. I'm not gonna judge you for that at all. Like The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

that I went away from my house was out back to take the dog outside, but so Yeah. And that, you know, fortunately, you can go out back and your whole neighborhood can't see you. Right? I I gotta if I go out of my sweatpants,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

like and who am I kidding? I don't take the dog out. Let the kids do that. So And I don't think that anybody's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

gonna care if you're wearing sweatpants on a Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

I mean, you never know, man. You never know. Like, wear a shirt, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

Alright. We come full circle. So you got the silicon case. You are not having lynch trouble. This is the thing that drove me to the leather case. Did you get any MagSafe accessories?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

Not yet. Not yet. Okay. Oh. Alright. Not yet implies that you have been at least thinking about MagSafe accessories.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

So really one MagSafe accessory,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

and that's the car mount. And I don't know if that counts as an accessory, but I I would do that. But no, the wallet doesn't interest me. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:47]

I don't know. Maybe the charger at some point, but, like, right, the whole charging situation with the iPhone now is super annoying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

because they no longer include the brick. The cord that it comes with is USB c,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

which is different than my eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

Well, because a lot's happened since your eight came out, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

So So yeah. Have you have you already bought a USB

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

brick for the wall?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

I have not. No. Okay. I'm just using my old one. Okay. Here here is my advice to you. The Apple one, totally fine, the 20 watt. It's it's a perfectly decent charging brick. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

if you are buying your own charging brick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

there is a brick made by Anker, USB c.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

It's it's a 20 water that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

it it uses GAD instead of lithium ion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

and and I I don't understand all the the nuances, but Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

Much smaller footprint. I mean, it's like you remember the little Apple square ones that we used to get back in the day? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

Yeah. So basically, they can put 20 watts or more in a form factor of that size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

Nice. And support fast charging. So that's what I recommend. I am a huge fan of the puck, the the MagSafe puck charger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

I was skeptical. Does that come with a brick? That does not come with a brick. Basically, nothing the whole pod mini comes with a brick. Right? So apart from the whole pod mini The and and a laptop. The iPad Air came with its own brick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:17]

Oh, did it? Really? Interesting. So I have that USB c brick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

The problem is that it's USB c on the other end, not lightning or whatever the heck they call it. There's definitely I I find this to be a very frustrating thing that the Apple ecosystem is once again

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

just so convoluted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

Right? Like, either go all lightning or go all USB c. I don't I don't care which.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

Right? But but just, like, pick a pick a pick a one, you know, one. Whatever. Like Yep. I would personally prefer USB c, because I've now invested in that ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

alright. How's your how's your battery life been with this new phone? Because this was a big pain point with your eight. I think this is actually probably what pushed you Probably what triggered it when I was gonna be in the car for an hour a day. Yeah. So battery life has been great. I think I can probably get two days out of it. I haven't tried yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

So when you go to bed at night, what you're saying is basically, have half a charge left. I probably have averaged

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:11]

closer to 60% charge. Yeah. That's impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

You use your phone a lot less than I do. But I I read in my phone. That's probably the big difference there. So the big thing now is I'm using the OverDrive app while I'm commuting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

I haven't been using maps anymore. I know you like to use maps a lot while you're driving even to places that you know, but Iowa isn't as complicated as Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:34]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

My my thing is now, it will prompt you when there are are issues. Right? Or if it finds And a faster

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

so I'm fine to, like, let it be in the background. And and especially now, because it's so easy to mute directions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

Right, the the announcements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

Like, it's just a button right on the screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

That I I will do that kind of almost, you know, default.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

Like, I I drew I drove to Metazoa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

yesterday, Metazoa Brewery. And and I know the way. Right? But I let Apple Naps do its thing. It actually rerouted me a different way,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

and I got there faster than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

than I had the last couple times I've been there. So I don't know if a road opened up or whatnot. Know, like, it's Indianapolis, and in in general, Indiana is constantly tearing up, you know, important roads and figuring out ways to, like, slow down traffic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

But, you know, Apple Maps is getting smart enough that can route me around that now. So Yeah. And I have literally two ways that I could get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

to work from my house, and the other one is usually twenty minutes longer than the initial one. So like, there's gotta be a major accident on 380 for it to be Oh. Make a difference. Give it give it time, my friend. Give it time. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

when you're in the car, do you plug it in or do you leave it on unplugged?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

I have not plugged it in in the car. Oh, fascinating. Okay. Alright. What's what's the reason for that? Because I think the default for most people would be just plug it in and chug along.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

Mostly because I don't have another cable to plug into the car, so, like, I would have to move my normal one that I'm charging, and my car definitely doesn't have a USB c port.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Alright. Yeah. Battery hasn't been an issue. So I was plugging in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:16]

my eight,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

because otherwise, there's no way that would've lasted through the day driving back and forth. Sure. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

So I just so we can keep keep up with each other here. I sent you a link to the charger. You can drop this in the show notes or whatever. I don't know. Do you actually ever do that? We always say we're gonna do that, but do you actually ever do that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

I do. I put your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

your printer that you had for six years in two episodes ago. No kidding. Alright. Yeah. So so I just give you the link for the Nano two. This is Anchor 30 watt. There there's actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

there's a 65 watt version,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

and there is a 100 watt version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

And they're all roughly the same form factor. So you the thing the thing that's crazy about this is if you buy the 100 watt version,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

you could actually charge a high end Apple laptop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

with a brick that's no bigger than the one that used to ship with the iPhone. It's it's absolutely wild. And it all goes back I said GAD. I meant GAN.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

It's it's it's gadium nitrate or something like that. I again, I'm I'm not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

I am not an expert in this field at all, but basically, it's a different type of technology inside the charger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

that allows it to just have a much smaller form factor. And so if you look at the price of the one I sent you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

it's $34.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

I think the Apple one is 25 to 29 depending on who you're looking at. Here's the problem, Sam. Yeah. There's one major problem. It goes back to supply lines,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

and free delivery is scheduled for January 3 through the seventh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

Oh, crumb cakes. I didn't even notice that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

Alright. Well, then here's the thing. If you just wanna spend $20

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

extra

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

I wonder if they carry them at, like, a Best Buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

Actually, you know, Anchor's starting to be in stores, so that's entirely possible. Be worth looking at. The other thing is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

your laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

I believe, only requires a 30 watt charger. So you could you could go and get a 65 watt, and then use it for all the things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

That's an option.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:13]

I don't know. I'm I'm, like, fascinated with with the Nano two anchor line. So I don't know that I'm actually have any need to buy one, because right now, it's been fine, because I charge my phone overnight, so it's not like I need it to go quickly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

Yeah. That's right. That's right. Anyhow, before you buy before you buy a brick, go buy the puck. I think the puck is worth it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

Alright. What are your general impressions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

of the iPhone 13 Pro?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

You're not gonna like this, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

Okay. Alright. Not impressed. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

the thing is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

I got this new phone that I spent over a thousand dollars on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:54]

it's pretty much exactly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:56]

the same how I was using my eight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

The battery is better. The low light photography impressed me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

But otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

like, I literally is my old phone on a new piece of hardware.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

So while I needed it in this case, I still don't understand you people who buy a new phone every year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

I have so many thoughts. But for the sake for the sake of our listeners, I'll just say this. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

and I and I've said this before, I I think I think I said this with the iPhone 13 specifically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

the camera is the most compelling reason to upgrade. And so And you use your camera far more than I do. Yeah. I definitely do. Like, that's I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

make extensive use of it, in part because I have kids, in part because I have a bad memory, in part because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

I really like looking back on memories four, five, eight years later, you know, whatever. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

And the iPhone has become the thing that really enables all of that for me. So for me, again, first and foremost, it is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

the camera that compels me to buy a new phone every year. The other thing is, at least with this year, there were there were two other factors. One is promotion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

which clearly you have not noticed. That's fine. It's not for everybody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

And then the other is battery life, which you have noticed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

Yeah. But apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

like, you didn't need as big of a swing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

as you got. Right? I think that's Right. That's the gist. Yeah. I mean, like, the battery life is legitimately

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

great. Like, I am happy about that, and I was significantly impressed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

of the low light capability. I took a picture of Taliesin in the chair, just a lamp on in my living room, and it was, like, really dark, but the picture turned out amazingly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

Yeah. This this camera is top notch. Hands down, no question about it. I look forward to seeing your YouTube channel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

I I can't promise to you that I will watch more than one episode, but John, I will watch that first the best, Stan. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

How to pack a pipe. Actually, probably how to clean a pipe because my pipes need cleaning. There you go. You should do that. I yeah. I'll tune in for that. What do you think about not having a home button? Because you're coming all the way from the eight where you had a home button.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

So the biggest thing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

has been, like, getting to command center is different, but the home button hasn't bugged me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

But, like, I used to swipe up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:25]

to get to, like, my camera and stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

And now you have to swipe down from the top right, which is different than when you swipe down on top left, which is notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

So if you got a little muscle memory, you gotta reprogram.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

Yep. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:39]

has that bothered I know you were concerned about the size of the screen. Getting it to the center now, might be a scratch. Yeah. So initially, the size of the phone was a shock to me. But after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

two days,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

like, it still feels big in my hand, but it doesn't bother me to use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

You're gonna hate this, John, but that is true

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

With the Max. Pro Max for me. Yeah. That's even more money for stuff that I don't need, Stan. Well, that's good. I you know, I I will say this. I don't think I could ever go back now that I've spent this time on the Pro Max. I love the additional real estate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

the nice thing about the Levi Strauss five forty one athletic cut is that the pockets are very generous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

just like they're in the waist, they're in the pockets to take take that phone for you. Thanks. So I haven't had any storage issues on that front, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

the battery life is so insanely good that my my situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

where I'm definitely using my phone more than you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

especially the last couple weeks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

I am finding that I am still like, right now, let me see. What what is this? It is we're recording at 6PM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

at night, and I have 67% of my charge. Nice. Right? Yeah. Like, it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

all day battery is no longer a wish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

It's here. And So I'm listening at 79%.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

And That's crazy. I played a couple games of Command and Conquer Generals, watched a YouTube video, and took a thirty minute walk while listening to audio audiobook. So, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

I streamed an entire Steelers game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

and the screen was on. For whatever reason, the NFL app, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

I love it, hate it, but when I'm streaming the the radio broadcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

the screen's on the whole time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

I I don't know. I can turn it off, but I like, it that's just the default behavior. Doesn't let it go to sleep. Yep. And so I spent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

you know, most of three and a half hours with that streaming. And a good portion of that was actually over five g, which also cuts into my battery life. So again Sure. You you do the math. This device is holding up pretty good. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Nice. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

Let's just let's just go kind of a a scale of one to five. Good purchase, bad purchase. One is like, I I just missed the return window, but I should've sent it back. Five is like, I can't imagine life without this thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

I don't know. So I needed to upgrade before March was the thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

So I guess I would put it at a four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

Okay. Alright. Hey. That's respectable. That's actually better than I thought you were gonna get.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

I figured we were somewhere between two to three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

No. I needed to buy the phone. It's a good device,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:20]

everything like that. And, like, I wasn't gonna go buy an old phone when I only buy a phone once every six years. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

Let let me ask you this. Do you think you will wait another six years to upgrade this device? Here's hoping, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

Okay. Alright. These are not cheap devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

Like, that's the thing. Meanwhile, I'm over here thinking to myself, like, I should just sell my iPad and my laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

go 100%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

nomad and just have a phone. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

That not do that. No. Yeah. I'm like, I'm not gonna do that either. But again, like, a guy can dream. I there there's a small part of me that wishes for the world in which I have a single device that is small. It can hook up to peripherals, and I can use it in a bigger form factor, but like, that's it. That's all I got. We're just so far away from that, realistically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:11]

What you need is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

basically a desk

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

that your iPad can dock into.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

A desk that my iPhone can dock into? Yeah. So you know, like those pads in Star Trek where you could put the pad and then it would like show up on the big desk?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

I mean, I've was that a Voyager thing? That had to be Voyager I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

remember any docs in the next generation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:35]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

Let's let's let's move on here. I wanna talk very briefly about Shang Chi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

because it hit the the streaming

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:45]

Is it Shang

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

Chi or Shang Chi?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

Alright. I am from the Great Lakes region. I can't pronounce anything right. So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

I think they pronounced it Shang in the movie itself. Shang Chi. Okay. Shang Chi. I will try that. Again Shang, Sean. I the only constant in my life is that I say things wrong. Okay? True. Both both in substance and pronunciation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

but here we are. So this is not a Marvel podcast. We will not spend the next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

twenty minutes talking about Shang Chi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

So so bear with us, Elizabeth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

I I know you're there. Come on. Hey, but my nieces and nephews might think this is more exciting than last week's episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

That's just so sad to me. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

it it it hit streaming. You and I did not go to see it in theaters. If Apple or excuse me. If Disney had dropped this earlier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

we I I would have sprung the twenty or twenty five bucks or whatever it was I would have too. To get it early. Yeah. You would have too. So so basically, Disney shortchanged themselves out of out of, what, $40.50 bucks easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

Right? Probably probably more to it than that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

Just give me your first initial impression of this movie, John. What did you just think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

Meh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

Like, it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

wasn't great, wasn't bad. It was an it was a blockbuster action flick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

Okay. That's fair. So you were not drawn in by the actual story of the 10 rings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

No. Not at all. Let let me let me ask this. Did you have any interest in the whole, like, kung fu genre,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

that that kind of martial arts movie going into this? I mean, I would watch them, but no. It's not like something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

I would go seek out. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

Jackie Chan movies apart from, like, maybe Rush Hour are not really a thing for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

No. Not something I would go see opening weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

Okay. That's fine. That's totally fine. I think I have I have, like, a a modicum of interest in that genre.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:47]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

from that lens, I was pretty nerding out about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

this this style of movie coming to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

What did you think of our characters, our cast?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

the the characters themselves,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

the most compelling one to me was really the mom and the sister. The mom

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

is dead

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

for the movie, for most of it anyway,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

but the sister was interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

But Chongqing himself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

alright. The dad, I would love to know more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

about, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

when he was ruling the world and stuff like that. But in this movie specifically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

like, no. Like, I wasn't I wasn't compelled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

Yeah. There's a ton of backstory on the dad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

we don't get, but like, there's a there's a very rich comic history here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

that has that I think has, like, some social issues with it that is probably why they gloss over it the way that they do. Right? But I think the the important part

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

oh, and what's his name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

I I can never pronounce these right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

Tony,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

I guess, is is the Americanized name that he uses. Basically, the Mandarin. Right? That's that's his name, or one of his names. He's also the conqueror of many things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

He

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

is a bad dude until he falls in love. Right? So the thing that they want you to walk away with is the love story piece.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

Yep. And then he becomes bad as soon as that love story ends again. Like, he returns to that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

you know, sort of. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

I mean, we don't know how much we don't know. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:33]

So And then his redemption arc is kind of love too, but it's like a misguided

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

redemption arc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

Well, his redemption arc is 100%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

addiction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

Like, it's it's he is, like, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

consumed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

by this affection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

Right? This infatuation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

I I wouldn't even call, like, what he's doing as he's going back to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

is it Tau Taulu? Taulu. Taulu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

I wouldn't even call that love at that point. Like, that's that's just like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

that's the bad boyfriend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

that that can't let the the girlfriend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

you know, have breathing room to go hang out with her lady friends. Like, that's that's that bad high school story that we've seen unfold multiple times. That's exactly what's happening there. Right? That level of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

over consumed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

infatuation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

that's not actually tied into a loving affectionate relationship.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:27]

I don't know if I completely agree, but I haven't thought about this in order to form an articulate argument. Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

because he's he's misled by this great evil on the other side of the dragon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

scale wall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

Yeah. But but think about think about when a when a relationship goes awry. Right? And you you miss a mark on on love and affection and all that, and you just become over consumed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

Right? Think Sure. I think the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

the the bad demon, the bad dragon, whatever that thing is, right, is really just a symbol for that. If if I take a step back and I look at this movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

I really what I see is a dynamic in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

relationships,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

and the way that we define or understand love in those relationships.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

Right? And and really, like, the the misunderstanding of those. Right? So the abusive Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

Some You hadn't thought about Maybe to the sons? No. Maybe I need to watch it again if you're gonna get all philosophical on me. Well, I I think Like, I think that the whole,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:24]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:25]

father child dynamic came across

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:28]

huge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:29]

but I didn't look at it from that perspective.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

Yeah. I I think, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

there's I I don't wanna call it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

lust, but there's definitely like a lust control

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

over consumption

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

elements to this. Right? So so Shang Chi's father, Shang Chi's father, cares about his family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

when his wife is alive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

So so really, he doesn't care about his family at all in that lens. Right. Right? And so it's it's basically this is an on off switch for him. She gets snuffed out, and he doesn't care about his family. To the point that he Although, I don't know if that's an accurate representation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

either. Like, I can't believe I'm defending this guy. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

like, I think that he still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

cares about his son

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

basically But not really. Him. Yeah. I don't Like, he doesn't know how to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

He doesn't care about his son. Cares about the succession of his power. That too. Right? Yeah. His his son is a a single purpose vehicle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

to take over the rings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

when whenever Shang Chi's father thinks he's done, which in reality, we all know will never happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

Right? Yep. But but, you know, every

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

every leader needs to think about their heir, even if they transcend time and space. And so, again, think this is all part of that, like, overwhelming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

addictive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

essence to him,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

which has absolutely nothing to do with loving the people around him, including his wife, including his son, including his daughter. I actually think his daughter is probably the best,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

most clearest manifestation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

of this, because he writes her off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

And she's clearly very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

effective. I don't know if that's the right word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

So this this is this is where this is where I got hung up on this movie. Right? Like, think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

on the surface, if you scratch the surface of these characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

yeah, it's it's almost

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

it's it's almost cliche.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

Like, you can see exactly what's gonna happen. Right? Like, we knew, I think at the end of the first arc, we knew exactly how this movie was going to end. Right? Yep. Dad was going to go and do the thing that he wasn't supposed to do. Son was going to fix it. Dad was gonna die in the process, probably by the thing that he unleashed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

you know. Like, it it was very predictive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:46]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

I I think I think there's just a larger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

essence, story, intention here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

which which really comes down to the relationships and dynamics between people, and our our misunderstanding and misappropriation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

of love and affection.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

You might have convinced me to watch it again, Stan. I I think it's totally worth watching again. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

I have not had a chance to watch it the second time, but the first time but here's here's what was going through my mind. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

I I like the kung fu genre.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

There's some really awesome fight scenes, Like, there's some They were filmed very well too. Yeah. Like, sometimes action sequences get and Marvel has always been good about this. Like but sometimes action sequences, like, if you watch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

I don't even know. Like, some of those, like, Jason Bourne

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

times,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

and it's, like, jarring,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

and you have no idea what's going on during them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

Yeah. And this the amount of motion that's involved without somehow managing to make me sick was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

I I actually read that there was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

some involvement from Jackie Chan's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

like like, folks that were involved in Jackie Chan movies in the past, like stunting coordinators and stuff. And you get a little bit of that, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

Like, the the bus scene in particular, there's a slight element of humor to what takes place in there. Right? And the thing about the thing about Jackie Chan fight scenes is they're they're always funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

They're an amazing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

example of, like, just physical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

ability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

and skill, and there's an elegance to them, but they're also just comical. And we I think we get that in the bus, and so You get the comical version in the bus, but I think that it's also very apparent in the building scene too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:30]

Like, that reminded me of rush hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

Yeah. Rush hour too. It absolutely did. Well, the and the the cool thing about the building scene is you take in the third dimension. Right? Yep. So you've got you've got, like, your two axes, but now you're also moving vertically. And sure, there's a little bit of that in the bus, as it's like cruising through San Francisco, but you get the full vertical dynamic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

in what's going on on that building, and it's it's fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

I also have to say that I I really I'm not familiar with Aquafina.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

I I hope I said her name right. Aquafina,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

the rapper who plays the part of Katie. I was not No. Familiar with her at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

I loved her character, man. That level of, like, just comic relief, but also, like, calling it like she sees it Yep. Was was really pleasant. And also, I I really appreciated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

the platonic relationship that she has with Shang Chi throughout the whole They don't fall in love. In fact Yep. The only love story in this movie is is in family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

And again, I think that also is is like a a credit to this film,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

and the topics that it's trying to focus on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

it it's very different. From a Marvel movie, I think it's very different. Right? Sure. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

other thing I really appreciated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

I'm sure you caught this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

Ben Kingsley,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

Trevor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

you know, bringing back the role he played in Iron Man three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

Yep. Where everyone thought that the role of the Mandarin had been squandered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

Turns out it wasn't. I thought this was a funny tie in. Ben Kingsley

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

is such a serious actor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

I like, most of the time. Right? But his his existence in Marvel has been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

so comically stupid. It's just enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

Yeah. Because what was his buddy's name? The headless Morris. Turkey door? Morris. Morris. Yeah. When he found when when Morris found him on the battlefield of the last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:31]

action sequence, that was hilarious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

Yeah. Just part of part of the scene, buddy. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

what what did you make of all of the different,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

I don't know, creatures that we get in in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

is it Taulu? Zaulu? Taulu. Right? Taulu. Right. Taulu. Man, I'm I'm so bad with this. I need to write these things down. Taulu. All the creatures in Taulu.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

I thought they were really well done,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:55]

and, like, I would have loved more of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:59]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:01]

it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:02]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:02]

the CGI was all very good, very colorful,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:06]

but kind of harkened back to what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:09]

I imagined Star Wars was like the first time people saw it. And I mean, it's kind of overdone now. But just like you're going to this secret place that nobody can find unless they know the way,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

and then it's this whole different world. But but I thought just them driving in that first time was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

was very cool. It's it's interesting that you say Star Wars because there's an element of that first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

in in A New Hope when they go into Mos Eisley the first time, and you have all these creatures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

that are moving around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

And I had not I hadn't thought about it. That's a great that's a great connection in terms of just that impression. I think I texted you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

that I was really glad to see that Pete the Dragon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

the the CGI from that movie could get reused.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

And and I say that in jest because I actually think they did a really great job. But there was there was a little bit of a resemblance, wasn't there? Come on. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:02]

Which is okay. Yeah. The dragons, I thought were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

the the actual dragons and Chongqing were very well done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

I thought, especially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

Yeah. I agree. In the fight scene. So You know, looking at the Marvel Cinematic Universe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

up until this point, fire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

has had a strong presence. Right? And and I even go all the way back to Iron Man one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

where if you listen to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

oh my gosh. What's his name? Happy. The character who plays Happy. What's his name?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:33]

John Fabro?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

He he if if you watch the making of that movie, he'll talk about the way that they use digital animation at the time, and they were able to add these textures. He talks specifically about fire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

Because fire pre

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

Iron Man, and I'll just say the Iron Man era. Right? Because after Iron Man, everybody was doing this. Fire in CGI looked very fake. Right? And so the thing the thing about that is Iron Man did such a fantastic job with that. I think if you look at the MCU as a whole, you get a ton

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

of fire. Like, it it is constantly popping up, and it's used everywhere

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

with great purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

Yep. This movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

I don't like, fire I'd have to stop and think about if fire is used.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

Water though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

Water is very proud. Everywhere. Yep. It is so symbolic. It creates maps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

It gives purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

It draws you into things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

You you literally, like, see our main character drowned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

in order to find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

this this force that he'll use to combat evil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

It's just the whole in fact, the primary battle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

in the final arc happens over a body of water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

This is a this is I think this is a shift. It's a it's a paradigm shift. It's a it's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

symbolism shift

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

for the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

And I also found that really compelling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

And my second watching, when I get to it, is gonna be all trying to figure out where all the places that water

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

is littered throughout this movie, because you know that it's done with purpose. Right? There's nothing that's That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:03]

very interesting now that you say it, because historically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:06]

dragons are linked with fire. Dragons breath fire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

This, the focus is very much on the scales.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:13]

Scales. Yep. On

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:15]

the beast or whatever was basically sucking souls out. He was the dementor of Marvel. Yeah. Yeah. Which which also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

like, is such a fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

it's such a fascinating lens to look through this too. So basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:30]

Shang Chi's father, right, is being he's he's lost his soul because he's lost the object of his infatuation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:39]

He goes to this thing that is calling him, that finds weakness in him because he does not have actual love.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

Right? So he's he's drawn to it. And then that thing gains power by draining the souls, the life out of people,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

all of which happens over this body of water. Now, if this were a theology podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

we'd be all over this like a fat kid on a Lutheran cupcake, but this isn't a theology podcast. Suffice to say, right, there's some baptismal energy imagery here if you if you wanna make it. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

set it aside for a moment. I just think it's a really interesting pivot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

for the MCU They have they have focused so much on fire for so long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

Right? You remember how you remember how Infinity Wars starts?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:24]

I don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

So so Thor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

right, is being slapped around by Thanos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

and Thanos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

kills Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

Right? And the whole ship

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

burns up in this I believe it's a purplish fire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

Okay. Right? And then and then Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

is left adrift in the cosmos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

And so again, like, the the greatest arc in the MCU,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

it literally opens up with flames, with fire. Right? And here we are now in what I I really see as the the beginning of the next phase. I don't I don't really count Black Widow as the beginning of the next phase, because I don't think Marvel does either. Yeah. Chronologically, it doesn't it doesn't make sense to call it part of the next phase. But but here we are, and we have And we're counting the last Spider Man movie as,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:16]

like, a coda?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

Or Yeah. I don't it's like an epilogue, man. Like, I I you can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

first of all, it's so far ago. It's so closely tied to Endgame. Don't think you I can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

mean, maybe they say, like, that's the start of phase four, but whatever. Like, I'm I I don't buy it. And I'm not really yet willing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:35]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

I I I don't feel like you can say this phase of the cinematic universe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

is defined by the TV shows that we've had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:46]

No. I don't think so. Yeah. They're they're to me, they're more like an interlude. So here we are, in my opinion, at the beginning of the next phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and it is being defined

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

by water. And so, again, I don't believe that anything in the MCU happens accidentally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

I am looking forward to water in the Eternals,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

and whatever movie comes next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

Spider Man. Right? Yes. Spider Man. And eventually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

you know, doctor Strange,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:11]

the next Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

I I wasn't gonna mention this, but there were a whole bunch of things that Disney announced on Disney plus day, including an Agatha

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

Harkness show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

They teased Moon Knight a little bit. All these things look good. I'm looking forward to it. I I really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

let me put it this way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:31]

Shang Chi is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

the best MCU movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

I don't think anybody's gonna argue that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:38]

I think it is a pretty solid start

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

to this next arc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

And I I look back. It's no Iron Man one. Okay?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:48]

A lot of people know Robert Dundee junior either. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

I'm willing to sit here and tell you that it is it is potentially better than the first Captain America, it's potentially better than the first Thor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

And and thus, could set up a really great next wave.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

I just I just hope that the MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:08]

rolls with it. And and if they take the 10 rings, which is an iconic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:13]

you know, set of villains, and also, it looks like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:16]

Shang Chi's sister

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

is gonna head up the the 10 rings, and quite honestly, she's one of the best characters in this movie. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

Right? Like, if they if they can run with that, oh my goodness. Like, there's good stuff ahead.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:30]

Only time will tell. Hear Only time will tell. You have more of an optimistic hope than I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:37]

I don't know if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:39]

Shang Chi was miscast or what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

but he's got crazy good martial arts skills. So there's that. He he does. He does. And I think you should watch some interviews with him. I think he's an endearing guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

I I generally think that this movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

was cast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

very well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:58]

Michelle Yao, I think I said her name right, from Star Trek Discovery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:03]

was the ant. Which I haven't watched. Oh. I like the ant. That's fine. Yeah. The ant was fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:09]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:10]

it like, I just appreciate her acting, her presence in this movie. Again, I I already I already mentioned Aquafina surprised me how much I liked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

Sister was stellar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:21]

You know, I was I was all around pleased with the casting. Yeah. Aquafina

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:25]

reminded me of like a Darcy from Thor. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. But a better Darcy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:31]

Right? Because the lines Although Darcy, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:35]

she she got some redemption in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:38]

WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

Oh, yeah. No. No. Like, I think Darcy is one of those things where they threw her in, and they were like, oh, crap. That was a really great character we should bring back. Where with with Katie, you know, played by Aquafina, I think that they went in and they're like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

this this is essentially what's what's what's Spider Man's best friend? What's his name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

I have no idea. Oh, my gosh. This is gonna kill me. That's that's how I think they saw

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:03]

Aquafina.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

But they were like, we could actually do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

so much better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:08]

with her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:09]

if if we actually, like, commit to this being a character. That's the way I see that. And so I think I think Marvel has potentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:17]

learned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

that having a sidekick to the superhero

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

that has zero powers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:24]

could could actually be, you know, good to the story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:27]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:29]

I can't find this guy's name. This is gonna drive me nuts later, John. Dan chose to yell at you. Yeah. Oh, he's totally he totally is. Totally is. Totally is. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:38]

anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:40]

chugging along here. I wanted to talk a little bit about ephemeral

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:43]

content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

Oh, yeah. These big words that you put in the note. Yeah. Okay. So is it was was content too big of a word for you, John? Yes. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:52]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:54]

I'm assuming it was ephemeral.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

You know you know what ephemeral is. Right? Or or are you just messing with me?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:00]

I know what ephemeral is. I just not something that I thought we would talk about on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:05]

It's ephemeral means something lasting a short amount of time. Here's my realization this week. We can talk about it at a later time if you want. I just wanna put it out there for for you to noodle on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:15]

I think that Snapchat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:17]

actually had it right the whole time. I think the idea of your content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:21]

having a limited life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:23]

was is probably the right way to do social media.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:29]

At this point, I agree with you. Initially, I do not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:33]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

Alright. Explain. Explain.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:36]

So, like, I think people are just dumb now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:40]

And social media has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:42]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:45]

changed faster than people can keep up with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:48]

So now people just say stupid stuff online. And then, like, if you are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:53]

a junior in high school and say something stupid, and you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:57]

people can still find it when you're running for president later. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:02]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:03]

here here's my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:05]

I don't know. Bold statement, perhaps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:08]

I believe that the dumbest content I ever put on Facebook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:12]

was in 02/2005.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:14]

Maybe 02/2009.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:15]

Somewhere between 02/2009.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:17]

I do not think Before you were employed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:19]

full time by a real organization.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:26]

I think I was employed full time in o nine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:29]

I don't know. That's that's a fair point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:32]

I but but, like, looking back on it, and I and I've spent some time kinda, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:37]

sorting through old content recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

I I just I just think that I have changed so much

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:45]

in fifteen, sixteen years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:48]

that I don't really want that old stuff out there lingering. Like, my mind changes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:53]

My positions evolve.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:54]

The things I'm willing to say, the way I'm willing to treat other people has changed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:59]

So, you know, in in 2006

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

or whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:03]

I was perfectly fine to go onto the Internet and rip on so and so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:08]

just because I could. Right? Now, had a small audience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:11]

you know. Because back in o six, I you know, maybe I had a 100 friends on Facebook. Well, in o six, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:18]

Facebook was just open to high schoolers. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:21]

Yeah. Yeah. Like People out who didn't have a college or email address, weren't on Facebook yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:27]

And and so here here there is. I'm I'm now an adult,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:31]

supposedly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:32]

Right? Rumor has it that I'm an adult. In age only.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:37]

The the birth certificate don't lie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:40]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:42]

I am like, that that history is out there, and I just keep thinking to myself, like, I was not smart enough. And I, you know, I'm not a dumb guy. I'm not saying I'm a smart guy, but I'm not a dumb guy. And and I I've like I felt comfortable just like putting my opinion and position out there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:57]

on things, and on people, and on thoughts and ideas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:01]

I basically had I let my conscience get written out and published to the Internet. And when it was a 100 people or less, and they were all roughly my age, and I I didn't have worry about it like going anywhere, maybe that was okay. Probably not, but maybe it was, you know. To quote

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:16]

a friend of the podcast, Joe Taylor, my amygdala wasn't fully developed, and so my decision making processes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:23]

maybe weren't what they needed to be. But well, all this has come come, you know, in in the last couple weeks. I've I've begun to think, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:32]

maybe the idea of ephemeral content, the idea like Snapchat has, where you post something and then it goes away. Supposedly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:38]

let's let's be honest, everything on the Internet lives forever, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:42]

it's a lot harder to find. Right? Life with a twisted woman does not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:48]

endorse Snapchat and posting things on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:52]

I I don't I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:54]

don't have Snapchat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:55]

I all I know about Snapchat is that things are temporary.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:58]

But Supposedly. What I For Supposedly. Your viewers for Snapchat to love forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:03]

Supposedly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:04]

Yeah. So I I this couple weeks ago, I started using a service called semi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:10]

ephemeral or sem semifemeral.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:12]

That's there's no e. Semaphemeral.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:17]

I have to give you a link you put in the show notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:20]

Which basically just deletes tweets and unlikes and retweets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:24]

that are of a certain age.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:26]

And as you know, I like Twitter, generally speaking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:30]

But kinda where I landed is that I don't I don't necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:35]

think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:35]

that my tweets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:37]

my likes from say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:39]

you know, March 2020 should somehow define

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:43]

Stan Lemon in November 2021.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:46]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:50]

That's all I got, John. That's my rant.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:52]

Alright. I agree.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:54]

But Okay. I don't know. There's just more of me that is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:59]

what's the word? I'm more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:03]

where I look back at the past with longing affection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:06]

Longing affection? Well, I do that too, but I do that I do that in my journal. You do that in memories now. Yeah. Or in my photos app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:14]

But but I I do I will I will say this right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:17]

I recognize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:18]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:19]

you know, 02/2009,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:21]

Stan Lemmon was a bit of a gunslinger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:23]

Right? And would put, you know, something out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:27]

whether it was a post or a comment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:29]

for a reaction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:31]

Yep. With little regard for the consequences.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:34]

And and by consequences, I really mean, like, how how people heard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:38]

and internalize those things. And and maybe I just maybe I I give more craps than I did back then. I'm not totally sure that's true, but I I think Really, your your circle has just expanded to include

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:51]

more than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:53]

Lutherans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:58]

Oh, the the 2,009

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:00]

Lutheran playing Morris on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:02]

No. I mean, I think it's I think it's broader than just Lutheranism in that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:08]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:10]

When the Internet was young,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:12]

even relatively young, and I would I would call the Internet relatively young in o nine. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:18]

I don't think we appreciated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:20]

the consequences

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:22]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:22]

doing a brain dump

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:25]

in a way that was accessible to everybody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:27]

Yep. And I I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:29]

increasingly convinced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:32]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:33]

we are not going to be able to somehow shelter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:36]

my kid's generation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:38]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:39]

doing stupid things on the Internet. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:42]

Right? And so the only way to protect them from the sins of their past in this regard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:48]

to to a world that is increasingly judgmental and harsh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:51]

is just to make it ephemeral,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:53]

you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:55]

I think I need an an ephemeral

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:57]

social media as much as I I I don't want my kids aren't on social media. I don't want them on social media, yada yada yada. But, like, eventually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:06]

the pressures will kick in, and and one of my kids will probably have an Instagram

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:11]

or a Snapchat or like, whatever. I don't know. Maybe TikTok?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:14]

I I don't TikTok. I think that's popular. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:17]

guess. It's blocked it's blocked at NextDNS my from my my home. So sorry, mom. Terrible company.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:23]

Yeah. I mean, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:25]

and that's the thing. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:28]

I I just I don't wanna have to worry about that, and I I think there is a level of worry and anxiety that gets simply reduced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:37]

by making everything transient.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:39]

You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:40]

So Hopefully, COVID will end, and your kids will be able to hang out with their friends in their friends' parents' basements or whatever, and say whatever's on their mind, and then it never leaves the basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:51]

Yeah. If only that were true, though. Because you know what they're gonna be doing. They're gonna be down there. They're gonna be making little videos for TikTok, posting on somebody else's phone. Like You know what I did? I played Halo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:00]

Sometimes we would sneak out at one in the morning to go pick up some frozen pizzas from the grocery store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:07]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:09]

okay. We're we're a hard pivot. You ready for this? I'm ready. You still love frozen pizzas. Right? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:16]

Long does this take you to cook a frozen pizza in your oven?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

Eighteen minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:21]

From

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:22]

the time you you start warming up? Preheating?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:25]

Yeah. I don't know. I've never timed it. Okay. You should time this, because I happen to know for a fact that you do not have a toaster oven.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:33]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:34]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:35]

A toaster oven don't have a pizza pizzazz either, which was all the rage back in my high school days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:41]

I have no idea what that is. Pizza pizzazz.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:44]

Yeah, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:46]

Well, I'll I'll have look this up. Where where I was going with this is though, you oh, look at that. Presso

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:52]

pizzazz plus rotating oven.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:55]

Wait. Wait. Wait. So there's like a heating element on that little thing that hangs over it, and then it rotates around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:03]

This is literally the dumbest thing I've ever seen. Did this did this this could not possibly have made a good pizza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:10]

They were like Jack's Pizza, man. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:13]

Don't knock Jack's Pizza. Jack's Pizza's legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:17]

Oh, my gosh. So so here's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:20]

Where where I was going with this is you should think about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:24]

a toaster oven Where am I gonna put a toaster oven, Frozen pizza. I don't know, John. Like, that's not my problem. That's yours. Find a make it on the grill if I get angry with the oven.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:34]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:36]

I've I've said my piece.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:38]

So that's all I got, John. I can't I can't do anymore after that. Alright. This is a long episode. Hopefully, it's more interesting than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:45]

talking about the worst tech we've ever owned for my nieces and nephews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:49]

Yeah. What what are their names, by the way? Your nieces and nephews? Well, all of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:54]

You're on the spot. Come on, Johnny.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:57]

Lydia? Was a lot did Peter, Paul, and Martha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:00]

Okay. And so they all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:02]

did not like last week's episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:05]

Correct. They said it was boring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:07]

Alright. Listen, kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:09]

if you didn't like this episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:12]

I really can't do anything for you. Hey. They offered topic suggestions for future episodes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:17]

including Taliesin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:19]

video games, Thanksgiving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:21]

and having Aunt Anna on as a guest. Okay. But you did not put any of them in the show note, John. True. Which which either either says that you don't like the ideas or you don't like your Well, we'll talk about Thanksgiving next week, I'm sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:33]

We should. We should. We've talked about Overwatch before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:36]

We should talk about that again. But until next time, my friend. Alright. Later, Stan. This is Stan. I'm gonna remind you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:46]

get a vaccine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:47]

please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:01]

Hey.
