---
title: What to look for when looking at Houses (Top 10!)
episode: 10
date: '2018-09-20T07:00:24.000Z'
slug: what-to-look-for-when-looking-at-houses-top-10/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

With a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

I just tweeted about you, you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

You did?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

I did. I should post it on Facebook too. Okay. You you gotta do that separately. You don't, like, have one thing that does both?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

No. So Buffer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

they don't allow you to post personal profiles anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

Or Facebook doesn't allow Buffer to post to personal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

Wasn't wasn't that like their business?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:51]

Well, you can still do it with pages and stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

hold on a second. What did you post about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

About us recording right now at 08:30 on a Sunday. Well, you I'm in my pajamas ready to fall asleep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

I just ask you a simple question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

You're just both getting There were woah. Woah. There was nothing And simple about that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

There was nothing simple about that question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

If you say so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

I just tried to Google it and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

nothing came back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

Well, alright. Let's let the cat out of the bag. What was the question? Alright. Now I put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

I posted to Facebook now. Let me pull this up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

so I can read it exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

So I said top 10 things to look for when your realtor is showing you houses..dot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

Go. Expecting you to give me the numbered list one through 10. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

then you asked, are we gonna record that on Tuesday? And I was like, no. I might need that before Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

Okay. Let's let's be clear about something. Are you are you going out Recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

Are you going out with the missus to look at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

houses?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

So the missus will likely still be at school at this point. The realtor has Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

available to go look at some things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

So you're going solo?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

Possibly. I haven't responded to the realtor yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

So I could say, nope. Doesn't work. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

you basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

when you're talking about a list of things you want in a house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

there there really are two lists. Right? There there's like the list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

that makes my spouse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

happy and content. And then there's the list of at least the other list that I have, the stuff that missus Lemon doesn't necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

care about directly but cares about indirectly, is like structural

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

economic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

things. And that's a huge category. That category is the one that I stress about when buying a house because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

usually they're either things I can't change or they're things that cost a lot of money to change. So as an example, right, missus Lemon is concerned about things like, okay, it's a multi story house. What level is the washer and dryer on? Which is important. Don't get me wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

But from my standpoint, it it doesn't really impact

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

fiscal side of this operation over the long tail. Another example. Right? The color of the cabinets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

you know, if if they're really hideous, they'll bother me and and we won't go down that path. But that's something that missus Lemon's gonna spend a lot more time looking at than I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Meanwhile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

we have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

list which I consternate over far too much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

And I'm suspecting that that's the list you're mostly interested in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

Right. So I sent the realtor, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

10 addresses

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

that me and missus Kolmeyer have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

looked at online and Zillow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:09]

and expressed interest in to varying degrees. So I kinda know what she does like and doesn't like about these properties in particular.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:18]

And she's big on the kitchen stuff too. Yeah. Well, I mean I kind of have an idea, like, kitchen layout and Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

layout and aesthetics of a kitchen are two very different things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

And the layout And I think the layout is more important for Well, it should be more important for you too. So here's here's the deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

Got it. Older homes with kitchens,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

right, tend to be like a walk in closet. You know what I'm talking about? Where you have a wall usually with a window and a sink,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

and immediately behind you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

is a wall with like your stove, some cabinets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

and the refrigerator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

And you you can literally like if you're at the at the sink, you could take your your bottom side and press it against the glass of your stove, that kind of arrangement. You know what I'm talking about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

I think we call those galley style kitchens. Whatever you wanna call them, John. But the point is like, people I so so one thing to keep in mind, we'll we'll try to numb like, come up with an actual numbered list. But one thing to keep in mind is that when you go with a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

they have a habit of saying, oh, you can move that wall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

or oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

you can remodel this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

And I remember one time I was with a realtor, we were looking at a house, and I I looked at her and I said, that that wall is definitively

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

load bearing. You can't you can't just move it. You know, you move it and the house comes down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

And she's she's like, oh, we we could find a contractor. It'd be fine. I'm like, no. No. No. That's not how it works. Load bearing means the roof is resting on it. So all that's to say I I don't see myself tearing down any walls. Okay. That's good. But the the moral of this story is that when a realtor tells you something beyond replacing carpet and painting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

they are making stuff up because you're taking too much time. And that's okay. You can take all the time in the world, but but just know that you really shouldn't rest your laurels on anything that your realtor advises you in terms of like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

you know, demo type construction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

Realtors are very valuable. I'm not trying to like poo poo on realtors. I'm just saying,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

yeah, I I I don't know anything about your realtor. And if they're one of those ones that's like, hey, move this wall or throw in an extra window, You know, you just gotta ignore that stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

Alright?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

Got it. So I'm cheap, Stan. We have to go back to the I am cheap. Yeah. No. I get that. I get that. So the galley style kitchen. Here's the thing to keep in mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

will look at a galley style kitchen and you will think to yourself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

I could make it a little bigger. I could move that wall. And the moral of the story is that you can't. So if you want a larger or more open kitchen, it has to already be that way when you walk in. K? So that's that's moral number one. Alright? Or thing number one, because you wanted 10. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

Top 10 things. Yes. Alright. So I I would put that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

these aren't necessarily in order, but that's that's one of the 10. Another one to look at, always look at, is just generally speaking the age of the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

And older houses are not necessarily bad, but when you get into an older home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

you need to be mindful of things like lead paint and window quality and whatnot. And I'm gonna I'm gonna touch on windows here in just a second. But I would say this, if you and I don't know exactly what the date is. There's a there's a year, a cut off year for lead paint stuff. But basically, if you're, let's just say, older than 1972,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

you just you need to take a really hard look at the work that's been done and the work that remains. And what I mean by that is typically with an older home, certain remodeling has happened, but not necessarily the whole home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

And what you'll find is there could be places where, you know, maybe it's a little questionable whether or not there's asbestos behind that wall or, you know, you're not really entirely sure if that's lead paint and that kind of thing. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

again, I'm not saying like those things should just rule something out. They can be something you negotiate around. They are they are going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

involve more money and more work. But, you know, let's just say mid seventies. Right? If the house is older than that, you you gotta look at it with a fine tooth comb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

Now, coming out of that, this is number three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

windows. Windows are a big deal because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

one, you you will still find homes that have just a single pane of glass on windows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

And there is no better way to waste money than with old crappy windows. Old crappy windows tend not to be sealed well. They, you know, if they're not double pane, they're they're obviously not gonna retain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

the the energy as well. So if your house is older, and by older I would say, let's just say 1990, right? If your house predates 1990,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

you need to take a hard look at all of the windows. And I say all because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

you will find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:09]

some homes have replaced, you know, the windows in the bedrooms. Right? But then they've got,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

like a big picture window or something on the front of the house that's still original to the construction. Which means the largest window in the house is also the the biggest spot that energy is just seeping out. And when energy seeps out of your home, John, what does that mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:30]

Money is gone. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

So windows are important. Check them all. And it's it's real it's real easy. Like checking windows is not hard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

If you walk up to a window and you can see two panes pushed, like pressed together, and and you can if you just look down, right, at the bottom, you'll see it's usually like a dotted line in between, like in the middle of the glass. That's a double pane window. Right? So it's really easy to see. The other thing is that you'll notice with more modern windows,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

there tends to be a plastic lip or I don't even know what to call it, but it's it's a it's a and maybe it's not plastic, it's probably vinyl or something. But it comes up from the bottom so that when you are looking at the window, the bottom of the window, that bottom edge is not actually exposed into the room. Does that make sense? Like there's it like rests in, it cups in. Do you know what I'm saying?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

Kind of. We needed to start a video podcast where you can put together like a PowerPoint presentation for me. Alright. Think of it this way. You pull a window down. Right? And it's going to hit flush at the bottom. Right? And and there's there's a So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

if the window Right. Comes flush against the the sill or the the trim, whatever it is, and you can just see that line, it's probably an older window. If you can't see that line, there's something up in front of that line, so so it's the window is sliding behind it. It's just a little lip. You probably you you probably have seen this and never noticed it because it's a detail. But that is another way which you can kinda spot an older window versus a newer window.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

The caulking around a glass pane is also usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

a good indication. So so as an example, if you're looking at a window and it has two pieces of glass and there's a piece of of wood in between it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

older windows, that's actually two pieces of glass. A more modern window, that piece of wood is laid on top of a single pane of glass. So those are the kind of things that you can kinda look for. You in general, you wanna find newer windows. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

Right. Alright. So those are three things. Let me think what would be next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

I look at roof roofs and roof lines. So I'm we're gonna split this up into two things. Start with the roof, which is number four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

You need to date the last time the roof was replaced. And if the seller does not know, that is not really a good sign. But but generally speaking, right, a roof that is ten years old or younger means you've got ten years or more left in it. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

that's not a hard science.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

But the way that I look at a house is if the roof is older than ten years, I just I just know in my mind that at some point it's gonna be replaced. And you can you can validate this if you want by just touching the shingles. Because what happens with roofs as they wear is the grit. Have you ever touched a shingle, like a new shingle?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

Okay. Yep. So it's it's gritty. Right? It's like it's like hard sandpaper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

And over time Right. It becomes smoother. And you can sometimes see that from the ground. Right? Like, the roof just looks smoother.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

touching it also will give you an indication. The smoother it is, the more likely it's gotta be replaced. And again, that doesn't necessarily mean that you don't buy the house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

but you do need to factor it into your costs. Costs. Right? So it could be an awesome house that's just really in need of a new roof,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

and subsequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

you know, you, you need to kinda negotiate that into the price or something like that. Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

Roofs are not cheap in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

one of the things this is kind of into number five here. One of the things that you need to look at is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

the the joints and the angles on the roof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

there are different kinds of roof types, and I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

never gonna remember the right names for the right kind. But basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

you want the least amount of surface area on your roof as possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

More modern homes, if you look at kind of the way they're cut, they've got steeper roofs, they've got gables,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

they've got weird angles, and and all kinds of just, you know, craziness that increases the surface area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

So that that translates into a couple things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

One is that when you do have to replace it, and every roof needs to be replaced at some point, gonna be more expensive because it's more material cost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

It also means that there's a lot more going on under the roof and so, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

more joints or more opportunities for water to get in there. There's just again, it's not saying that a designer roof, if you will, is going to leak, but you just have to think more critically about all that's going on there. So the more simple the roof, in my opinion, the better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

And related to that, and I'm not gonna count this as a separate one, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

should try to look at the actual construction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

of the roof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

I I found myself in a situation I wasn't crazy about in my previous home where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

the roof

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

and the drywall that I saw were really just separated by some two by sixes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

that meant that there was no way first of all, two by six is not a lot of room for insulation. Right? And insulation is critical because, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

Lost energy without installation, which means lost Exactly. Bingo. You're catching on. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

with you. The there there wasn't an ability to get in there to see one, how the the insulation was laid, and two, I wasn't able to add insulation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

you know, I'm not crazy about that. That that whole roof was actually designed as kinda like a a lean to. So older roofs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

what you'll see is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

the roof is just like a wall in the middle of the house. It's just resting straight on it. You know, it's just kind of it's not trust. You know what trust is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

Kind of. You can Google that. Just look at pictures of of roof trusses. You've probably seen them on like a flatbed on the expressway getting moved from one place to another because they'll fabricate the whole truss for a roof and then then take it to a building site. But basically, what what that allows you to do usually is get a larger open space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

my experience, and again this isn't like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

rule across the board I'm sure, but you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

are able to get around a little more inside of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

that attic space. And this is important. Your attic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

needs to be accessible. So we'll count this as number six. You wanna be able to get up into your attic, and you want to look at the clearances that you have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

You you wanna look at the space, like the opening to the attic. You don't like, a lot of people like those fancy drop down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

stairs. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Right. So those are awesome. They're great for getting up into your attic if you're gonna store stuff in your attic, but there's two problems with that. One is that you've cut this massive hole into your ceiling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

and those stairwells

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

never seal well. Right? So the seal when that door is closed is really important because, John, what happens?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

Lost energy. Lost money. Yeah. Exactly. Right? So and then the other thing is you store stuff in your attic. It means that you are going to be resting stuff on top of your your joists. And if you rest stuff on top of your joists, that means you don't have a lot of insulation in your attic. Right? And so one of the things that I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

not enough people do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

is go into their attic, you know, after they buy it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

and just lay down a bunch of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

you know, blown insulation, whether it's fiberglass

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

or cellulose or whatever, and just spread it out on top of whatever insulation is there. And you basically, what I'm telling you is you want to be able to do that because one of the best ways that you can save money on a house, especially an older house, is just by dumping a ton of cellulose or again, blowing fiberglass, whatever, up on top of the already existing insulation. It it will it will pay off serious dividends. So we'll we'll count that as number six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

Seven

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

is going to be your HVAC situation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

I am assuming that every house you're looking at, being in Iowa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

has gas and probably gas furnaces or or maybe a boiler that's heated by gas or something like that. Is that is that fair?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

I have no idea. Alright. Well, you you gotta you definitely have to figure that one out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

You wanna look at the type of delivery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

for heat. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

what I mean by that is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

you know, central air, the kind of that where you we get the vents in the floor, right, and you can adjust them. Right. Those are going, in my opinion, are going to give you a nice, well balanced, you know, heat throughout your house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

Some people like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

radiators.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

In my experience with a radiator, there's a really warm spot of the room and a really cold spot of the room. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

also have the like the floor heaters, right? The little the little bands, sometimes they're hooked up with electric.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Right. Pretty popular in the Midwest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

Those things are just a way to waste money in my opinion. So you want you want a nice central furnace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

that has legitimate ductwork

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

to the rooms, and you wanna like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

you also wanna take a look at the age of the furnace because that's another one of those things that is expensive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

and they don't last forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

age of it though, it's not it's not cut and dry in terms of how do you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

how do you determine when it is too old. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

I think my mother has an air conditioner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

28 years old or 29 years old, which is absurd. Like, that that doesn't happen. She probably should just replace it because she'll save more money on energy costs. But she's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

relatively small house, so I I don't know that it's it's probably not a huge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

change. But that that just that doesn't happen, I guess, where I'm going with. And you probably need to think again in terms of ten to fifteen years, the same kind of age as your roof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

So, you know, you look for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

when was the furnace and the air conditioner last installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

You also look at the kind of maintenance it's had. Right? So just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

if sometimes there are maintenance sheets physically on a furnace.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

That's usually the best way to see what's going on. If you don't see one of those, you know, you could just ask when when was the last serviced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

If somebody knows, then, you know, they're either on top of their game or they've had problems and then you can follow-up. If they don't know, then it's probably been working fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

But, you know, that there's it also means it hasn't been serviced. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

alright. That's six. Right? We got six down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:14]

That's six. Foundations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

Have you I don't know what what houses are like out there. Are they mostly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

basements,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

slabs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

or, crawl spaces?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

Yeah. The majority of the ones we're looking at are basements. A lot of them are like these weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

half basement split foyer type Got gotcha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

Yeah. It was it was pretty popular in the the seventies, which I bet is probably when you're seeing a lot of build dates on the homes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

Okay. Yep. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

basements

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

are are awesome. I love basements. I will say that having had a crawl space in the previous house, I will, as long as I live, never have a crawl space again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

I just it's not it's not something I I care to have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

Different people will have different perspectives. But basically, you know, my take on crawl spaces is you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

you have, you know, open dirt underneath your floor joists.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

Most crawl spaces you find will be vented,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

and that presents a whole set of challenges. And truth be told, I think most people these days say vented vent vented

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

crawl spaces are a way to lose energy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

On the crawl space I had, I sealed it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

But, you know, I I still I still had problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

It's just, you know, you you've gotta be aware I shouldn't say I had problems. You have to be aware of the moisture level down there, and you just need to be mindful of what the ground is doing. So that doesn't mean that, you know, basements are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

easy peasy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

You you need to be aware of, like, drainage around the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

And specifically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

if you can, I like to ask about drainage tile? Right? So how does how does water around the home get away from the home? When you have a basement, you're you're opening up an opportunity for water to get in there, potentially damage stuff. If it's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

finished, you will be able to see water damage pretty easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

When water comes through drywall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

it's it's easy to see. If it's not finished, you wanna look for like water stains.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

I can send you a picture if you're you're wondering what a water stand in concrete looks like. But basically, it's like a white,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

chalky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

trickle or flow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

And, you know, concrete doesn't normally have that. So when you see when you see a, like a a chalky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

white,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

you know, flow. I don't know how else to describe it. That probably means that water has been moving around there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

And you wanna ask questions. Right? And just figure out what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

In terms of of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

slabs, a lot of people kinda poo poo them. I I don't know if they're that bad. You know, the argument's always like, you don't have access to things because you can't get into the house. But, know, I I live in a two story home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

I've got three bathrooms upstairs, and I can't get underneath any of those. So what are you gonna do? Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

things things that that go wrong where having access under your Main Floor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

they they can happen on the Second Floor as well. I I just I don't put a lot of clout in that, I guess, is where I'm going.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

You will want to look at settling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

on concrete.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

And I think oh gosh, I'm gonna misremember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

this. But, you know, cracks in concrete are not in and of themselves bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

But when you get a crack that's, let's say, more than a quarter of an inch, then you gotta really be concerned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

And so the the best thing to do is to look at the the depth and width of the crack and just try to figure out what's going. So if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

if you you should walk around the whole basement. And by the way, I should call out. You don't have to do all this in your first visit. Right? You look at a home Right. And you determine, hey, I like a lot of this. Ask for a follow-up and and kinda, you know, do some of this more thorough digging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

yeah, just look for look for big cracks. And I don't think there's anything wrong with a block foundation house. Some people don't like those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

rock is rock at the end of the day. And, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

look for the cracks. I would say the cracks tell the story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

Okay. What are we at, John? How many have we done?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

I think that was seven. Okay. So That eight. We'll we'll call that 8. You wanna call that 8?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

Because you were talking about like basements and then water runoff and then foundation cracks and stuff like that. So Yeah. Water I mean, you know you know my past

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

living arrangement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

We had a lot of water movement and we did a lot of regrading of the property to make water move away from the home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

That that kind of work is expensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

so I don't I don't recommend that. I would say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

just look and make sure things slope away from the home. That's that's the most important. Right. If if stuff is not sloping away from the home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

you know, it just it's setting you up for failure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

Okay. Number nine. Let me think. We talked about HVAC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

We talked about basements. We talked about roofs. We talked about kitchens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

What's something else you've heard me complain about over the years, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

Airflow?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

Have I talked about airflow?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

This is a weird one. Not This this this might not be a big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

I had a I had a home that was custom built in the, you know, by its previous owner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

and I wanted cross ventilation in the home. Right? So I wanted to be able to open up a window on either side. You remember my big picture windows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

Yeah. Yep. So they were great except they didn't open. Didn't open. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

so it was very difficult to get a breeze through the home. That's the kind of thing that, you know, I I don't know that it'll be a big issue for you, but it's something that I ran into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

that that I found frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Yeah. I don't know. Does that count as nine? That one's kinda weird. What kind of questions do you have?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

I don't know. You you should probably touch on plumbing at some Oh, yeah. That's good. Some point. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

are are you aware of like all the kinds of of piping you can have?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

No, Stan. I'm not. Alright. So you can have you can have copper. Right? You know what copper is obviously. Right. You can have People People like to steal copper pipes that are outside. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

And then you can have, like, PVC or there's there's some other variant. I can't remember what it's called now, that but looks just like PVC. It's basically a plastic pipe. Right? And then Yep. The the new thing is PEX. And I I don't remember if I showed you the PEX in my home, but it's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

red and blue tube, respective of each of the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

you know, the the temperature waters that flow through it. And the thing about PEX is they it's it's a big coil. Right? So when they unwrap it, there are no joints. They just make a turn. Or if there's a joint, it's because they're branching rather than, you know, having to make a bend. And so when you look at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

copper piping or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

PVC type piping, you'll have angles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

like angle pieces. And what you have is you've got a lot of gluing going on between pieces. There's nothing wrong with that. Right? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

plenty of houses are built with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

you know, piping that is is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

perfectly adequate with those materials.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

If by some chance you find a place with packs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

in my opinion, you have a superior system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

on the plumbing side,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

you need to I mean, if whatever piping you can see, you should look for any kind of water transfer, you know, when when that'll be easy to see. You'll you'll know it exactly when you see it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

in terms of of there being some kind of leak. Whenever you see a pipe, you always want this, like, relevant for basement and crawl space stuff. Look down. Right? If you see water on the ground, nine times out of 10, it came from the top. Just because you don't see the leak doesn't mean it's not there. Sometimes water can trickle. You'll you'll see sometimes leaks around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

showers, right, like plastic showers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

walk in type deals where things will leak around the drain. Sometimes that stuff can be fixed. Sometimes it's just not a big deal, so don't worry about it. But you you're gathering information.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

In my opinion, one of the most important things though, plumbing related when you're looking at a house, is the toilet bowls.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

So so John, I'm I'm telling you as your friend, as someone who loves you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

that you you should keep an eye out for elongated bowls. They are they're by far superior. They're more comfortable to the human body,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

you will you will thank me. I don't know if you have an elongated bowl now. Do do you even know what I mean by elongated bowl?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

I believe I It's it's ovular, right, rather than circular. I'm telling you, John, this is important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

I made sure with my current home Especially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

if you come to exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

I made sure in my current home that the two bathrooms that I was most likely to use had elongated bowls. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

if you think if you're sitting here thinking, well, what if I love everything about the house other than the elongated bowls?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

I'm here to tell you that, John, I will come to Iowa and I will help you replace the toilet. I've done it. I'm happy to do it again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

and it is worth it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

when you see that house without the elongated bowl and missus Kolmeier falls madly in love with it, I want you in your offer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

to indicate that you want cash back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

for the price of a toilet to replace those toilets. Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

Alright. Okay. We're That's that's another episode. There you go. Yeah. We'll to that contract.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

Alright. So nine down, 10 to go or one to go rather to make 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

Trying to think what else

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

what else is his

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

So keep in mind, the reason I asked this is because I didn't wanna look like an idiot and just walk in and said, oh, this looks nice, or oh, we don't really like the size of this room or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Room size is important. There are certain things you can't change. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

Right. You obviously know the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

the number of rooms you want. I would say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

something that Sarah and I have done, that's missus Lemon, for those who are listening, have done to try and just spatially reason through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

what we want is we we've taken a tape measure and just kinda laid it out in the living room and figured out, like, what is a comfortable bedroom size. I will tell you that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

for, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

non master rooms,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

10 by 11 is a real sweet spot or 11 by 12. I think you saw my kids bedrooms, they are all in that 11 to 12. I think I think one is 10 by 13,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

kind of kind of area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

And they're square, which is important because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

you know, people do weird things with with closets and stuff. So keep that in mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

On a master bedroom, it's it's not as it's not as easy. Right? Like 11 by fourteen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

twelve by 16. It just kinda depends, you know, what you're comfortable with. I I've been spoiled now in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

actually, all my homes have had really large master bedrooms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

Yeah. So maybe I'm not a good one to ask. Like, think I think the last one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

I mean, you remember the last one. Right? It was like it was like '14 by '22 or Yeah. That's absurd.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:22]

was bigger than your living room area. Yeah. It was We're about the same Yeah. Was it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

was was obscenely large.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

You, because of the nature of your work, should be mindful of your internet providers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

So, you know Yes. Figure out what the coverage area is. People sometimes get a little weird out when you ask, hey, does does Comcast run to this house or whatever. But you can also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

call up utility companies. Here's this is number 10. This is actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

one of the most valuable pieces of information I can give you. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

you need to figure out whether or not you can live in this house long term. Right? And and a big part of that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

costs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

Piece of the cost is your mortgage, your property taxes, and your homeowners insurance. We've already talked about how you can kinda get a gauge of all those things. But the other part is going to be your electric, your gas, and your water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

First of all, do not be afraid to ask

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

for an owner to hand over an average or preferably the last twelve months of utilities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

You also though should feel comfortable calling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

especially the electric and the gas company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

And basically just saying, hey, can you give me, an idea on the the cost? And typically, utility companies will provide you a twelve month average,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

for for those utilities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

I have I've called up numerous utilities. I've always gotten those. And again, it's an average, so it's it's gonna be deceptively low. Right? You need to legitimately multiply that out by 12 because you're gonna have some bill in there that's gonna fluctuate high.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

But that that gives you an idea of kinda where to wrap your budget. And, you know, as important as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

the mortgages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

knowing those other costs is equally important,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

water and sewer, it's it's really hard to to estimate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

And most likely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

you can't do much to control those. I I've I've tried to like figure out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

what they would cost but it's it's just not I don't know. It's not really worth it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

The electric and the gas though, you control those. Right? You you have you've gotten dials and knobs that you can turn to impact those costs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

And you just really what you want is is a boilerplate number. Right? And as as you see a couple of homes, you'll be able to compare and and kinda, you know, figure out exactly what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

what's reasonable, what's not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

was like a marathon, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

That was only 10 things, man. I I struggled for the last two. But helpful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:54]

I closed strong. You got there eventually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

Yeah. So what kind of questions do you have?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:02]

I don't know, man. I'm just gonna look like an idiot when I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

go look at houses and now I at least have a place to focus attention to Yeah. Well rather than walking in and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

we'll take You know yeah. Don't please don't do that. Please don't do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

You know, just just remember unless unless the housing market there is really crazy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

which I I don't I don't think it is just based upon our conversations in the past, but you don't need to jump on something because it's gonna disappear tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

Your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

agent will express interest or not interest kinda thing or not interested

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

rather to the selling agent. And, you know, you hold the cards. Right? So don't don't worry about feeling stupid. You're the guy who's got the money that's gonna lay down. Now granted, you might use a mortgage order, but still, like, you're buying the house. You're customer. So, you should feel comfortable and empowered to ask all kinds of questions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

Again, I'm gonna ask you if do you wanna just come to Iowa for a week and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

Let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

let's narrow it down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

first. You need to do some looking just to get a feel for Bear down. For what you're I should send you these other addresses Yeah. So you can check out the online be happy to look at them. Alright, John. Look, we've talked about houses a lot. This is this is our our episode for the week. We need to touch on two things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

before we wrap it up. I know this this episode's gonna run a little long. We'll we'll try and go through this quickly. But it would you know, it would not be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

an episode of of So before you jump in with this, my dad commented on the Facebook post. Uh-oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:36]

He asks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

was the question about milkshakes? There you go. Well, okay. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

I got a picture from you that indicates that you did get a milkshake. Correct?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

I did get a milkshake. Still not the one I'm supposed to. But you want you wanna let me know where it was from?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:55]

Yeah. So this was from Five Guys Burgers and Fries. It has been mentioned before, but this is the first time I've went back and had one since we've been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

being milkshake critics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:06]

giving our reviews there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:08]

So my go to milkshake at Five Guys is chocolate peanut butter banana

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:14]

because, you know, you can have as many mix ins as you want at Five Guys, and it doesn't cost Hold on. I I've got a I've a question. Do you like, was this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

prescribed, like, on a menu or or you actually chose all those ingredients

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

on your own?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:29]

I chose all those ingredients on my own. Impressive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:34]

Yep. Yeah. Because it just says milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:37]

whatever the price amount is, and then it has, like, I don't even know how many, like, 24 mix ins that you can add. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:45]

missus Kolmeyer's go to milkshake there is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:49]

Oreo cookie pieces and Oreo cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

So the milkshake tastes like an Oreo. So I have to ask, I mean, are are these slurpable? Like, were you able to get them through the straw? And I'm asking for both yours as well as missus Kolmeier's because quite frankly, hers sounds more appealing to me than yours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

Yes. They were both actually about the same

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

same thickness level.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

The, Oreo cookie pieces are nice and crumbly, so they come up with straw just fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

And general consistency was good then. What about like the mixing? Did you feel like it was uniform?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:24]

Yes. Mixing was uniform in mine. I didn't try enough of missus Kolmeyer's to be able to tell you that, but what I did try tasted fine. Did you happen to look at the vehicle which was prepared?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

No. I did not and I should have been able to because it's like all out in the open,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:41]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:42]

I think that it probably depends on who's making it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:46]

I'm fairly certain that it was not made in the I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

not had I've not had a Five What Guys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

was that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

Hello? Yeah. Am I there? I think your internet is a little wonky tonight, John. Yep. That's because I'm not at work, So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

what was the last thing you heard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:07]

Everything I said got recorded because I'm recording on Yeah. You'll have some fun editing with this part.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

So I I I've never had a Five Guys milkshake. I it's on my list. It's something I wanna do. I it almost happened the other night, but I was at a restaurant that had horrible service. We were there way too long, and we were just like, alright. We're going home. But I did get a milkshake this week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

I intended

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

to get an A and W milkshake. In fact, I drove about 45 miles. I I was along the way. But I did drive 45 miles for podcast research

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

to get an A and W milkshake. And guess what, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:44]

You just ended up with the cheese curds instead. I wish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

I wish that would have been that would have been good. No. So Milkshake machine was was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

like, they they told me they didn't have any ice cream, and I I was like, woah woah woah, hold up. Time out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

You're you're an A and W restaurant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

Like, the only thing you're supposed to serve of of, like, importance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:04]

is milkshake. Right? Like, the root beer float

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

is why people go to A and W. And and it was because of the root beer float that I thought that maybe, just maybe, they would have a good milkshake. But alas, I do not know because the ice cream machine was broken. Quite frankly, they should've just shut the store down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

until they fix the ice cream machine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:25]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

with you. Alright. A and W, we have one of those down by the airport for sure. So I don't know if there's any other locations. Another one up north. I will eventually make it to an A and W, but I you know, because I was in a pinch and I I was I was just determined

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:39]

to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

podcast research.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

I went to Arby's because there was one nearby. And I got two milkshakes actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

because apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:47]

I didn't I'm always learning new things about my wife. Apparently, is all in on the Jamocha

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

shake. Have you have you ever heard or experienced the Jamocha shake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:58]

Only from you. Alright. So So here's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:02]

So I'm pretty sure that I got yelled at for not getting one when I talked about my RB shake I was just channeling miss Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

she Did I yell at you or did she?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

She did through you, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:16]

She she yelled at me because I called Star Wars Star Trek or something. Oh, that's right. Did text you about that. That was a that was a slip. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

So here here's the deal. Right? Like, we go in and I got the ultimate chocolate because I was based on like, I I wanted to stick with chocolate milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

I did not see anything indicating Ghirardelli like you had you had mentioned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

Maybe maybe the Ghirardelli. I don't know. Quite frankly, it just seemed like it was too much Hershey chocolate syrup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

But, you know, it it's really hard to say. I had the I have a picture. I had the same consistency problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

Not nearly as extreme as the Portillo's one. It just it was not uniform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

And I would say that the one I had was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

overwhelmingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

rich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

There was no way I was gonna be able to finish it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

And so as far as I'm concerned, the ultimate chocolate milkshake at Arby's, not so good. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

the Jamocha shake, which my wife was crazy about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

I insisted on trying and I had couple of slurps just to like, you know, come up with a proper assessment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

And here's what I'm here today to tell you, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

If you use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

crappy coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

no matter what you put it in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

you are still consuming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

crappy coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

And the Jamocha shake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:32]

the Jamocha shake is not redeemed in any way shape or form by the absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

terrible coffee that they incorporate into it. In fact, I would say that you wind up with not just a bad cup of coffee

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

and a bad milkshake. You wind up with a bad milkshake flavored with coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

And so it's it's it's just like it is is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:53]

terrible. I don't I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

what it is that missus Lemon likes about it, because quite frankly, she's got really great taste in coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

and yet, for some reason, she liked the Jamocha shake. I I can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

Nostalgia. It It's gotta be nostalgia. John, it was awful. I mean, was awful. Like, I I think if I had taken a scoop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

vanilla ice cream, and I'm talking about, like, the the Kroger brand vanilla ice cream that probably has freezer burn on the top. If I had taken that and a cup of Folgers coffee and put them in my food processor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:25]

I woulda had a better milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

There I said it. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:29]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:31]

So I It'll be okay, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

I'm I'm looking I'm looking forward to Five Guys. That's on my radar. I'm gonna see if I can do that. Maybe I gotta go up to Fort Wayne on Thursday. Maybe I can do it then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

There you go. Last thing before I let you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:46]

I'm curious if we had the same Arby's milkshake because mine was amazing and made with Ghirardelli chocolate. I don't see. I don't think I don't think we did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

I will I will dig up a link to what I had, and we can compare notes. I I just I didn't see Ghirardelli anywhere. There were only three milkshake options at Arby's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:03]

vanilla, ultimate chocolate, and jamocha. Not even strawberry, which I was like, are you kidding me? Everybody's gotta have strawberry, but they don't. That's weak.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:13]

Last point on the the milkshake thing. I I've been trying to find an old fashioned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:19]

style,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

like, you know, parlor that would have a legitimate milkshake machine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

And I have at least two on my radar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:27]

So when you come to town,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

we are going to do some on-site recording. I don't exactly know how we're gonna solve that, you know, equipment wise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

but we are I think we are going to go to the milkshake parlors, and notice I'm I'm saying plural.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

We are going to discuss the milkshakes in real time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

and I I think maybe we should even interview the person that makes them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

Interesting. So you can you can ponder that. I think I think that you could probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:55]

pull that off. You're gonna be there with me, buddy. You could convince them to come on I'll be there, but I would never even think of something like it. I'm just not that important. This milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

thing, I like I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:06]

it's a world of possibilities, John. It's a world of possibilities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:09]

Alright. Last thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

There was there was some Apple stuff that happened, and then it was for sale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

And and there were a mighty few or maybe more than a mighty few that woke up at 3AM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

in order to buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:24]

stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:26]

Did you wake up at 3AM?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:30]

I did not,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:31]

thankfully. I did receive a text message at 3AM. Yep. So But it didn't wake up. I think I know who sent you a text message.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:37]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:38]

are you gonna buy anything that came out that they released?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:43]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:45]

the only thing that would be a possibility would be the Apple Watch but my hand me down Apple Watch is still going strong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:52]

So But it's it's I I don't think I really will It's not getting WatchOS five though. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:59]

That I don't I am pretty sure Series one? The watch you have is not getting watch o s five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:05]

I guess we'll figure out this week. We won't We will and it Is that tomorrow? I think I don't I don't know. I haven't I haven't been keeping that track on the OS releases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

But Monday sounds right, so we'll we'll see. So so just to be clear though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:19]

that I I think my my feeling is that that's going to be the thing that tips the scale for you because watchOS five Could be. Pretty cool. And just in general, the updates to watchOS have been phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:30]

Yeah. We already talked about my And series four just looks awesome. Yeah. It does. It does, doesn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

So let me ask you this. If you if you had a choice, would you go silver or would you go space gray?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:46]

That's a good question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:48]

I pondered this long and hard. You can ask missus Lemon like, I I thought about it way too long. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:55]

Yeah. This this might be one of those things that I would have to go and see it in person before I can make a decision. Not seen a space gray in person?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:03]

A space gray watch?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:05]

No. Oh, okay. Alright. Well, they're slick. I mean, they're slick. I've seen them. I've seen them in store. I've seen them on people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:11]

I I didn't do it before. I I don't know. I just it didn't speak to me. However, I now have the space gray laptop. I got the space gray iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:19]

I ordered a space gray phone, and I thought to myself, I should really order a space gray watch too. And so, as you know, my my old watch was broke. Had to get a new Apple watch. Yep. It's on the way. Missus Lemon is also getting a new Apple watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:34]

Nice. Yes. Are you gonna, like, split your Apple IDs so that I can compete with both of you on Apple ID? Oh, man. I wish. Gosh. We could do an episode about that. My frustration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:43]

over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:44]

Apple IDs and photo sharing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:47]

I did. Missus Kolmeyer was talking about adding missus Lemon on that, and I thought that would be a good thing because I don't think she's friends with you currently. So she would be able to be friends with Sarah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:59]

I I don't know, man. It's I I wish I wish there's an easy way to sort that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:04]

I did order new phones too. So I'm getting personal phone. Missus Lemon's gonna replace her SE. Any guesses to which phone? I mean, yeah, I kinda I kinda think I showed my cards here because only two of the three phones were for sale.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:19]

Right. So I'm assuming you went with the XS. 10 s, John. 10 s.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:26]

10 s. Just sounds weird. The extra small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:30]

It's like, is it is it OS x or is it OS 10? It's OS 10. Mac OS 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:36]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:37]

But I always call it OS x. So Don't you feel dirty when you say that? Like, it just doesn't it it sounds

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

it sounds nasty in my mouth. It's just like a weird combination of letters. It's missing a vowel. But now it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:50]

now it's just Mac OS. Well, there's Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:53]

Cares what the version number is? It's Mac OS 10. Anyhow, and it's the iPhone ten Ten s.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:59]

And I'm excited. I they'll they'll come on Friday right before I go camping,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:04]

so I won't I won't actually get to use it. You're going camping without me? I wasn't even invited. I was invited by somebody else, John. You wanna go camping? Come up here. We'll go camping next weekend. I got nothing going on next weekend that I know of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:16]

Alright. My mom might be busy. I don't know. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:20]

You could I'll be there in November, Stan. We're gonna have we're gonna have a lot of fun in November. Alright, buddy. I I think it is time night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:28]

You let me know if you got any more house questions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:31]

We'll we'll we'll find you a house I will and I'll try to do it during the day when we can record. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:36]

You sound great, John. Your apartment's great. Alright, buddy. We'll talk to you later. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:42]

We'll see you. Bye.

