---
title: Confessions of a Recovering Android User
episode: 126
date: 2021-03-18T12:33:07.000Z
slug: confessions-of-a-recovering-android-user/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation between John and his friend discusses the frustrations of
  using an older Android phone that's no longer supported by the manufacturer.
  They compare it to the seamless experience of using an iPhone, which is
  controlled by a single entity, Apple. The topic also touches on the issue of
  refurbished phones being a concern for hygiene.
keywords:
  - Android
  - iPhone
  - refurbished phones
  - smartphone experiences
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Wow. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

I don't even know where to begin with this episode. We have a special guest. You're Stan Lemon. I'm Stan Lemon. Yeah. There we go. I'm John Colmire. This is Life with a Twist

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

of Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

You should share it with your friends,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

and you should leave us a five star review on Apple Podcasts. There you go, John. We're this this, we're off to such a good start, both with the intro and with our technical challenges. So we have a special guest with us, the one, the only, mister Daniel Sanchez, or as we affectionately call him, Danchez. Danchez, would you say hello?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

Hello.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

we had a what I consider a monumental

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

event happened. I don't even know. How many weeks ago was this? Three, four, five weeks?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

Five yet.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:10]

Well, if we're referring to the breaking of the old phone, which was the monumental fall,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:16]

which triggered this event,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:17]

That was five weeks. But then three weeks ago

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:20]

two weeks ago? Two weeks ago. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

I did a bad thing. Say it. So tell tell us what you did, Dan Chaz. I bought an iPhone. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

So before we jump deep in, I mean, that that's the whole impetus for this episode is that Daniel Sanchez

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

bought an iPhone, and we're gonna talk about it probably for much longer than most people,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

believe we can. But we're gonna do it. I'm here to listen to. Yeah. Before before we get into that though, I was trying to think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

you and I have had what I would consider some epic debates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

over the years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

And I was trying to think I was thinking back to John's what was it? Thirtieth birthday party? Thirtieth birthday party. And what was the you and I got in a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

a chain of debates, and I was trying to remember what all was going on there. Did we do

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:09]

I'm trying to remember. Do we do, like, macaroni and cheese? Was that was that when the macaroni and cheese debate started? No. We did have a Man of Steel debate at that at that time. We were talking about whether that was a good movie or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

I remember that one. I don't know if we talked about mac and cheese. I don't remember that. I feel like the grilled cheese came up for sure. The grilled cheese? Okay. I feel like, yeah, there had to be food. Right? Grilled cheese. Grilled cheese came up. Yes. I remember that. And so, you know, at this at this party, you were wrong on a lot of items, and I was trying to correct you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

And all of this stems out of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

what I consider a profoundly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

bad decision that you made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

years ago, and I actually wanna start there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

What what made you get your very first Android phone?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:56]

There were no iPhones available, actually. So what happened is my wife and I, Kristen, we were going

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:02]

to go get iPhones.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:04]

And when we got to getting them,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:08]

there was only one left.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:10]

And she ended up getting the iPhone,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:13]

and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:14]

I didn't get anything. And I felt

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:17]

because this is our first

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:18]

smartphone for both of us, and I felt so disappointed. I just said, you know what? I'll get an Android.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:24]

And I had a friend that had an Android at the time,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:27]

and I said, well, you know, I I know this device, and it seemed really cool because, you know, it's smartphones. They're brand new. It's a brand new thing at at this time. It's 2010 or 02/2011.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:38]

And and so I did not want to have nothing, so I got an Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

Okay. So if 02/2010, 02/2011, do you remember what by by the way, mad prompts for being a loving husband and giving your wife the better product. Right? That was a that was a that was a smart choice. Do you remember offhand, did you go to the Apple store? Did you go to, like, the Verizon or AT and T store? There are no Apple stores. We live in iOS, Stan. There's no Apple stores in Iowa at all? There's a there's an Apple store in Des Moines now. There probably wasn't in 2010. No. Definitely not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

So the first place was Hold up. Wait. Wait. How how far is Chicago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

Three and a half hours. Yeah. Four hours to go. I will have you know that I've driven further for an iPhone, and so can you.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:20]

Okay. Alright. Now they can be delivered to your bar. They were around. So we went to the Verizon store. I believe this was the iPhone four s.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

So That was a great phone.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:30]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:31]

that we were looking to get.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:33]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:34]

we went to the Verizon store. They didn't have anything. So we went over to Sam's Club because I know that they we are Verizon customers, obviously, and so they were still they had a Verizon kiosk there. And so we went there, and they had one left, essentially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

Man, that's just like it breaks my heart even hearing it now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

Do you do you remember offhand what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

the last non smartphone you had was?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:00]

Yeah. It was it was one of those Samsung touch screens, but it wasn't a smartphone.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:06]

It it

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:07]

it had basic, like, email

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:10]

and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:11]

music, and you could have those on there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

And then it had kinda like a flip thing where you had physical buttons, like a full keypad. Oh, it slid out. One of the one of the slide out deals. Oh, that's fancy. See, I never had one of those. I went from a a silver brick that flipped out. It was a Samsung.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Straight straight to the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:31]

Yeah. You got the first iPhone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:32]

in I did. 02/2007.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

Yeah. I paid I paid exactly 1 kidney's worth to get it. It was it was crazy expensive, because nobody was doing a plan at the time. Like right? Like, you couldn't buy it as part of your I don't like, does anybody remember now? You buy a cell phone plan and you actually pay for your cell phone coverage. You set to, like, buy your phone, the physical device as part of the plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

Okay. So what what was that first Android phone? Do you remember who made it? Yeah. It was a HTC Droid Incredible two. Droid Incredible two. Now they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

they had the cool commercials, right, with the droid sounds? They got licensing from Star Wars? Droid.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:09]

Yeah. Oh, yeah. It even made that when you booted it up. It made, like, every different droid had their own little animation, their droid animation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

Okay. And so you boot in, and it's Android,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

like, I don't know, February o or 21?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:24]

Like, what was it? Yeah. It would have been Android two, two point one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

And was the food name? Do you remember the food name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Gingerbread, maybe. Gingerbread. Okay. Alright. Alright. So gingerbread.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:37]

Yeah. Because three point o was a tablet exclusive operating system. So the big deal with the Jordan Credible is that it never got a system update to four point o. And so they promised it initially for that phone, and then this gets into one of the big stories of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:52]

why I left

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:54]

third party OEMs and ended up going to Google Pixels over time. Okay. Because you got left behind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

like so many Android users do.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:03]

Alright. That is true. That is true. That is a big problem. So well, from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

from the Droid two, where did you go after that? Because I'm assuming you've had like, you didn't just break the Droid two. That's you haven't been carrying that same phone around for the whole time, have you? So I carried that around for about a year and a half, and then I got a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:21]

Samsung

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:22]

Galaxy s three. And that had the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:26]

had a great camera, and it had one of the first ten eighty p displays.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:31]

It's an AMOLED display, so it was pretty cool to see that on a smartphone and a five inch screen. Was the was that the Galaxy that Apple sued Samsung over for looking like an iPhone?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:42]

Oh, that would be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:43]

that was probably the one of the Galaxy s two models.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:47]

They used to have Samsung used to make, like, 10 models of every kind of smartphone,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:52]

and it was probably the s one of the s two series phones that looked too much like it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

Okay. Yeah. I mean, I like, I'm not gonna fault them too much for ripping off a superior product. Like, that's just that's just how it rolls. But I'm coming to the realization that this is gonna be one of those conversations that I don't have a lot to add to. Oh, you've got plenty to say. Used I've never used an Android, and and I've had, like, two phones in the past ten years. So Well, there is that There

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:18]

is a theme, John, and you'll be able to witness to this because

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:21]

so we were talking the other night about,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:24]

you you moved in with me for a couple weeks back in 2013 to do some work for me. And do you remember what happened to a device that I had right then, like, right as you moved in?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:35]

I don't. That was that was lifetimes ago. I had just gotten an Android tablet. It was like a Nexus seven. It was the first model.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:42]

And I it just stopped working within, like, days of me getting it. And you were you got there, like, right at the same time. So I was, like, ranting about, I just got this. You use it breaking already? Do you remember what year that was? That was 2013. 2013.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

John, when when was when did we get rid of or I got rid of Mark Buto's Android tablet? Do you remember? Was that that was in Las Vegas. Was that what? 2013?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

No. It would've been before 2013.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

The Android tablet is such a fascinating story because 2012, maybe. Might have just been a year earlier. They tried to make a run at it, and I I honestly think that if they had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

not completely messed themselves up with hardware, they might have stood a chance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

But but but their hardware was so constrained and just not great. Like, it's still amazing to me that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

when I think about the Android tablet, I think about, like, a Kindle Fire HD,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

the Kindle Fire is still better. Right? Like, the Kindle Fire is a lousy device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

I'm I'm referencing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

so so another former Android friend of ours, Mark Boutou, who's been on this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

loved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

the Android tablet. And he got, I think, the, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

cheapest piece of trash Android tablet he could find.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

And in a moment of personal weakness, we were at a youth conference in Las Vegas, and I took the device and jokingly handed it to a kid, and the kid never came back with it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:05]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

I've heard about this. Yes. And that night, there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

was there was remorse,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

not really from me, but from other people involved in the conference. And we wound up we went out, and we got Mark his first iPad. I was not in good conscience going to going to buy another Android tablet. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

And that's and since he's been an iOS user.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:27]

because he know he knows this. Right? This is not like a live I don't know if he believes it. I don't know that he believes it either. Like, I've told it so many times,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

and and I usually, I've got a little more drama to it. But I I did literally take the device, and I handed it to a kid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

and I jokingly said, here, take this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

And and I I think it I I don't remember exactly the time, but I think I might have thought it was a registrant at the youth conference. Right? So I felt like they were gonna be around, that you'd come back. No big deal. I think it actually turned out to be a University of Nevada, Las Vegas student, and they were just gone. Like, this Oh, no. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

so somewhere out there is still a copy of all of Mark's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

browser history in Gmail

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:08]

from, let's say, 2012. See, I did hear another story from Las Vegas, and that is that the staff at that conference was walking around Vegas and they got lost. But he,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:19]

Pastor Buto, had a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:21]

had an Android phone and Google Maps, which, especially at that time, was far superior. Was really the only thing available,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

managed to get you guys unlost. Is that true? Can you confirm that? I don't remember that. Don't I don't remember the Vegas conference being that hard to get around. Yeah. I don't remember. Because it was all self contained. We did go down to the the Strip one time and wander around, and it's very possible. I although I will say this, I think at that time, the iPhone had Google Maps on it as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

I so I I don't know that I don't know that the Android had, like, like, a competitive edge. And in fact, Google was making the and or the the Maps app at the time, I thought. Maybe not. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

I was actually expecting this story to end with we got lost and wound up in the Apple Store and thus bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

Buttmark's iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

My card got flagged that night too. Remember because in order to actually buy the iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

my my company credit card had to be unlocked. So but okay. Tell me about your tell me about your Android

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

tablet

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

I I gotta think if ever there was a moment before this most recent one when when you would have given up on Android, that would have been it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:30]

So it it was my first gravitation over to iOS was an iPad because I had

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:37]

two Android tablets before I ended up caving and just getting an iPad. Wait. Wait. You did two? You did two? Yeah. Well well, so the second one was a really it was a decent device, but it it just became obsolete because,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:49]

so I had I had the Nexus seven, the first first one,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:53]

and then I got the Nexus nine, which is a great tablet overall.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:57]

But the problem is I only had two gigabits of RAM, and that for Android did not work. In app performance was fine, but trying to navigate the operating system was a was a mess.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:10]

And so

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:12]

I about two or or about three years ago, I two or three years ago, I caved, and I end up just getting an iPad,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:18]

which has been fantastic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:19]

I've had a great experience with the iPad. Now have you only had one iPad?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Yep. Okay. And which iPad do you have?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:27]

That is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:28]

the 2018

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

version model. Okay. Just the standard iPad then? The standard iPad. Base 32 gigabit iPad. That is that is a great iPad. I actually have a couple of those floating around. I think I think that's actually the model that my kids use right now. It was the first one, the first standard iPad that included

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

support for the Apple Pencil. Yeah. Not as well. That was a that was a game changer device because the price point was was, like, really reasonable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

And cheaper than Android tablets too. It it came with all the bells and whistles. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

Like, granted, I think, like, 32 gig is debatable as in terms of, like, is that is that the right storage for most people?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

But, you know, I think with, like, offloading of apps and and some of that stuff, maybe it's not so bad. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

alright. So you get this iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

You've you've persevered with the Android

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

You said I I heard you say you switched okay. Let me make sure I got this right. Droid, and then you went to Samsung,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

and then what made you switch from Sam's excuse me. Tongue twister. Samsung over to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:33]

the the Pixel, or was there anything in between the Samsung and the Pixel? So I ended up getting which was one of my favorite phones was the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:40]

Galaxy Note four.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:42]

Definitely one of my favorite phones that I ever had. Amazing screen.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:47]

It was one of the first phones that kinda had a metal body on Android because at that time, a lot of them were just plastic all around and would break really easily.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:56]

Love that phone. It was really a a really good phone. The PIP had started having performance problems about a year and a half in. And the other thing that really started to add up was the updates.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:07]

Just not getting software updates. New versions of Android were released, and then it would take

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:15]

eight months to a year before it would finally trickle down.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:20]

And there are a couple obstacles here. First is that the updates were never come from unless you had an international phone,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:28]

the updates were always blocked by the carriers. So the carriers,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:31]

were kinda complicit in this game too of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:34]

planned obsolescence for Android phones. So, you know, over time, it became, you know, almost impossible,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:41]

you know, to to get any support for your device. And so you're just like, oh, you should just upgrade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

was was kinda how it went. It's so funny because that's so often a criticism of Apple. You know? Like, just get a new Apple device. There's a new one around the corner. But but what you're describing, I think, has been a pain point for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

anybody that's interested in technology and has wanted to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

in the Android ecosystem I had a Nexus six p, a Hawaii Nexus six p. It was a the Google developer phone at the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

And that was the problem that I ran into as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

I I eventually, like, I stopped getting updates, and the whole reason I was using it was for developer stuff. And at that point, it's like, I mean, it's a it's a fine paperweight, but, you know, I wanted to recycle it because I couldn't even there was anything to the resale value on it was terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

Yep. Now okay. The note the is the note the one that had the pencil, like, tucked in the side of the stylus? And how was that? Like That was great. So they had Samsung has a really has really flushed that out really well.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:43]

Like, the ability to take notes. And,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:46]

you know, I'm a very busy person, so I need to take notes on the fly all the time. And this is really before AI had come around quite a bit, you know, to set reminders well and do a lot of those things as especially on Google's side. This is well before the Google Assistant really came around as well. So the ability to, you know, really do a lot of those features,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:05]

was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:07]

But I knew that,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:09]

you know, again, I got to this year and a half

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:12]

point, two year point where it's just like, okay. The phone is just

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:17]

falling apart under the hood. It just can't keep up. It's stuttering,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:21]

and it's not getting any software support at this point. And so at that point,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:27]

Google had come out with the Pixel,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:29]

and,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:30]

and it was their their phone. They were gonna give you updates directly from Google. I didn't care necessarily to lead the Android ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:39]

And so and then the camera was a real big deal on the on the Pixels. And so I gravitated to that, and that was overall a very, very good experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

Ned, this is a little fuzzy for me. When Google went down this road, were they trying to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

break from the, like, the carrier lock in, or were they just wanting to to build something cool? Like, do do you remember what the impetus was there? So they bought out HTC,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:04]

and then they used HTC,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:06]

which always had great hardware, but they had a series of smartphone failures

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:09]

that they couldn't recover from. And and so they had finally, Android had really good hardware, which is one of my big concerns that I started to notice. It wasn't just the falling apart, you know, internally with software. It's also the falling apart externally of the phone. Plastic bends and breaks easily.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:25]

Even that note even though it had a metal frame, had all kinds of plastic on it. It was just falling apart. And so now we finally had a full metal body

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:34]

phone there with Google that was getting software support. And the other big thing is, you know, for my job, I have to use my phone a lot for pictures and video.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:42]

And the thing that Google offered at that time was unlimited storage on Google Photos.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:47]

And so that was huge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

for me. It's it's interesting that you mentioned the the plastic bodies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

Because I I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

I I maybe maybe this is just me with selective memory, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

was was that whole resiliency like a part of the the play into the cheaper price point for Android phones? You remember for a while, like, that was that was how they were they were sold for a while. Were they just cutting corners on on hardware?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:15]

Yeah. That that would be one way to look at it. And the Google phone was one also one of the first phones to not be cheap. You know, I think it came

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:23]

back back then, this was when price we were pushing that price point from $6.99

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:27]

to 79 $7.99 and then ultimately a thousand dollars now for a smartphone. Yeah. And so this was the first one, I think, that pushed $8,900.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:36]

And so you were pay you're paying finally

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:38]

a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:39]

premium for an Android experience that you normally wouldn't find anywhere else. And so I was interested in PayNet because I was already heavily invested in the ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:49]

And then, like I said, Google, we also use Google for work, for we use Google for business, for for my organizations.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:57]

And so, you know, I was already heavily invested in that, and I said, well, let's give this a try.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

just just because I'm constantly gonna be knocking on Android all night. I'm I'm for for the listener, I am holding up an old iPod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

I don't know if you can notice that's a metal backing on a glass front. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

I'm also now holding up the original iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

metal back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

glass front. And I I mentioned this only because, you know, the iPhone has always been expensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

and I do think build quality I mean, Apple's industrial,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

design group is is known for for what they do. But So and Steve Jobs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

didn't have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

any patience for anything that wasn't premium.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

There's a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

there's a narrative in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

Eiger's book, Creativity Inc,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

where he talks about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

showing Steve Jobs one of the value Disney World hotels or something like the art animation or something like that. And Steve Jobs is just like, this is crap. Why would anybody wanna stay here? And I think you just stayed in the art of animation last year, Stan, and you really thought you really enjoyed it. That's this is another discussion for another time. This is the I'll definitely address that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

No. It's actually funny you mentioned this because when the iPhone was first shown, it actually had a plastic screen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

and and Jobs was like, this isn't gonna work. Like, this is not responsive, etcetera, etcetera. So Google Pixel comes out in in, what, 2013, early twenty thirteen?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:23]

I believe the Google Pixel first came out in 2016

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:27]

or 2017.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

Maybe I'm just thinking about a brand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

Okay. So, yeah, I'm I'm looking at oh, here we go. Pixel as a laptop. This is so confusing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:39]

So the Yeah. It was at first. The Pixelbook and then they yeah. Horrible naming scheme. Yep. Okay. This yeah. I see. October

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

2016.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

Horrible Android tablets too. Yeah. Yep. I see those listed. Alright. This this helps this helps clarify something for me because I bought my Nexus six p

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

when it came out in 2015,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

which is right right before they they jumped ship on using Hawaii and went am I saying that right? Hawaii?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

Huawei. Huawei? Well, okay. I don't know what I'm doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

I well, that's and that's the thing about it. Like, when I got the six p, I don't remember seeing Huawei anywhere on any of the branding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

that's though, I guess, the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

Android device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

that Google did that wasn't branded Google.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

It was interest and the reason I I wanted that particular device was it was just Google's flavor of Android. There was none of the other manufactured junk. And I think this is something that Samsung has gotten knocked on a lot over the years. It's like they plaster on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

their own

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

their own skin for Android, and they do a lot of their own native apps. They don't they don't want you to, like, get sucked into the Google Gmail ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:51]

One of the one of the things that happened in 2013, if you remember, they did a really cool thing in Android called Google Play editions for phones.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:59]

And they would sell certain Android devices, and it was pure stock Android

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:03]

in them. And that was a really cool thing that I kinda wish they had continued on as build quality in Android got better, but you had to get the Google exclusive from the Nexus phones,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:14]

you know, and then again into starting the Pixel. And then I yeah. So the Pixel I ended up getting in the 2017

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

was my first Pixel phone. Okay. And, I mean, were you happy with that phone? Like, looking back, is that is that the Android that that you hold near and dear to your heart?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:31]

Yeah. I really like that phone.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:33]

I the reason I had to move on for it, and here we're gonna get to another theme, is I broke the screen. I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:40]

and I had my KeySmart. I don't if you guys have KeySmarts. You know what those are. But I I have no idea what that is. It's like a key

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:48]

fob thing. Really neat way to organize your keys.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:51]

Anyways, it my screen broke. I have no idea how it was in my pocket with that, and it broke it. And I was able to personally go in and fix that phone. I fixed the screen, put a new screen on, piece of cake.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:03]

A month later, the phone broke in the exact same way, the exact same crack in the exact same spot. And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:10]

I needed a phone because I was in the middle of summer,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:14]

and I couldn't get a phone I couldn't get my next replacement screen for three or four more days.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:19]

And I had already purchased the phone outright.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:22]

And so I was like, you know what? The Pixel two x l's are on sale right now for, like, $500.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:28]

Let's do it. And so I ended up getting the Pixel two x l, which was,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:34]

I think, then the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:36]

best overall experience I have. I still have that phone out right now. And that was the one when I broke my last phone. I went back to that even for a little bit. Okay. Now the one that you just broke, was that was that a five, a four? What was that? Four XL. So I gravitated from the two XL,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:52]

then two years later

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:55]

to the four XL.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:57]

And I love that phone too.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:00]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:01]

I took a fall down the stairs,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:03]

and now we kinda get to this theme of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:05]

how many phones have you been through, Daniel?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:08]

It was really an honest question because,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:11]

I mean, I don't expect many phones to survive the fall that I took.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:15]

But, you know, every year, you see a different design. Every year, it's a first generation design of this or that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:23]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:24]

there's always quirks

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:26]

rather than something that's been refined over time.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:29]

And I realized that I have been through,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:33]

in addition to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:35]

the times that I had a device that needed service, I sent in. It was covered under warranty. They fixed it, they sent me the same device back.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:42]

I've been through

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:44]

essentially 11 different phones in

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:48]

since 2011

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

in ten years, essentially. So you've been replacing a phone about every year, which Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

I I mean, I do that too, but I do that by choice.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:58]

And haven't paid for every single one or anything like that. But at some point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

you know, I'm getting tired of this. Sure. Sure. So let me ask you, what do you expect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

a phone how long do you expect a phone to last?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:12]

I expect it to last

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:14]

like, my two XL, it it's the last well for two years. Like, I expect it to work well for at least two years.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:21]

And when the devices that I've had work well, I think they should do that. They should work well for at least two years. Okay. John, how long have you had your current iPhone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

What year did the iPhone eight come out? Oh gosh.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:36]

2018.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

Did it? So I would have bought it in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:41]

no. I bought it the year that the 10 had just come out. So the the just to clarify, the eight came out in September

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:49]

2017.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:50]

Yeah. So 2018, the 10 came out? I think that's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:55]

no. No. The 10 and the eight came out at the same Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

Okay. So I bought the eight December the year it came out. Okay. So 2017. So you're sitting here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

with basically a three and a half year old phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

and you have not broken the screen yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

I have not. So I actually had an Otterbox case on it for a while, and the case broke,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

but it's been out of a case for over a year now. Oh, this And the phone hasn't broke. This is an interesting question. Sanchez, do you use or did you use a case with your Android phones? Yep. Okay. All the time. Everyone. All the time. Interesting. Alright. And I'm assuming you have a case on your iPhone now. Right? I did. Even when I got out the day, I found the ugliest,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:34]

cheapest case I could possibly find at Target

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:37]

that day, just until I got my one from Amazon, and so Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

so you took a fall. You broke your phone. I remember you sent us a picture of it, and it, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

screwed in half. Yeah. It it looked like whatever happened,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

if it I guess it was your butt that was involved.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:56]

I think so. I don't really recall where the phone was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

That's that's a very likely possibility. This is where we transition to talk about me and Arceel, I guess. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

so to to be clear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

you got hurt. You're okay. We're really happy for that. Right? You're okay? All all is good? Good. You I'm getting the most okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:16]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

You you need a new phone, and you like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

what this moment, you decide I'd like, we've been razzing you forever. I feel like you've been a staunch defender of Android. And anytime we I when I was on Facebook, if I posted something about Android,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

I could even if it's just like a subtle dig, I could guarantee Daniel Sanchez was gonna chime in. And and if I posted something about the iPhone, like, oh, I'm so excited about x, y, or z, I could guarantee Daniel Sanchez is gonna comment and remind me that Android has had some other version of it for, you know, another year or two or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

How

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

have you gone from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Synchophant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

iPhone user?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:00]

So a a couple things happened over the last year that really ticked me off about Google.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:06]

First was that they

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:09]

canned Google Play Music,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:11]

and they required

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:12]

you to switch over to YouTube music. And you can't even buy a song. Like, I don't I don't really do the subscription thing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:20]

We haven't done that really as a family, like Apple Music subscription or Spotify or anything like that. And I just I don't go through we don't go through enough music, at least I think, to justify

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:30]

that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:31]

You know, if I like a song, I buy it for a dollar 29. That's all I really care about.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:35]

And I probably spend

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:37]

$15

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

a year doing that, really. So wait. Wait. I like, do you just not listen to a lot of music?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:44]

No. I do. I do. I add music in.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:47]

I suppose my wife buys albums on occasion, like, if we're listening to,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:51]

I don't know, like, the Hamilton soundtrack or something like that. We'll buy the album, but we don't just,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:56]

you know, do a music subscription.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:59]

So Google

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:00]

just eliminated that option. You can't you can't buy a song for a dollar 29 or whatever. And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:08]

and on top of that, YouTube music isn't awful. Like,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:12]

they migrated my music from Google Play Music to YouTube Music

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:15]

where it had been. And then anytime you want the video anytime

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:19]

you play a song, it tries to play the video. And if you turn your phone off and you don't have a subscription, it kills the music unless you go to some obscure setting in your library

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:28]

and then go find it. And this is just impossible. Like, you this shouldn't have to happen.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:33]

And so I was really, really irked about the difficulty

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:37]

of,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:38]

you know, needing to do that. The other thing

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:42]

was that there were no good Android options

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:44]

on the market that interested me.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:48]

The Pixel five was kind of a neutered device. It had a a a lower grade processor.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:54]

It doesn't require

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:56]

a lot to run stock Android.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:58]

But at the my experience of needing a phone that should last for a couple years on a on a dialed back processor, to me, just didn't make any sense. It just sounds like a bad combination. Might work great for a year or two, but what's gonna happen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

Yeah. So if I'm if I'm recalling correctly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

the Pixel five has the Snapdragon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

seven sixty five Yep. Which

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:20]

And the Pixel four XL has the Snapdragon eight fifty five, but then what it also had is it had a a specific

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:27]

chip or an added processor to deal specific with specifically with photography and image processing,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:34]

which made that experience fantastic. That was the feature of the Pixel phones was the camera. Right. That far and away great camera for pictures.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:42]

And and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:43]

so they removed that, and then they dialed back the processor

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:47]

to a lower grade processor.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:49]

And, you know, pictures are gonna take more time to load.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:52]

You know, it takes that extra, like, second or two even to just process a picture. I'm just not interested in, you know, dialing hardware back on Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

Well, it's it's a it's a weird decision, right, to to do an iteration and then to wind it down. If I recall and you can you can tell me if I'm incorrect here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

The the Snapdragon seven sixty five, right, they they were focused on battery life because battery life had been a concern on the Snapdragon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

processor line.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:17]

Yeah. So the eight the eight fifty five and the Pixel phone the Pixel four,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:22]

there's two versions of it, the four and the four XL. The four had awful battery life. You probably couldn't get four hours of screen on time on a Pixel four and probably getting closer to three three hours and fifteen minutes, which is atrocious.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:33]

The four XL made it through a day just fine,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:36]

so I never really necessarily had any battery issues. And if I did,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:40]

it was equipped with fast charging out of the box. And so

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:44]

one of those Android features that we've had for a long time. Oh, here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

Yeah. So I'm just looking at the battery life here. So the the four had a 2,800 milliamp per hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

That's the four. The standard four that XL had a 700. What's interesting just looking here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

on the five, if I scroll down just a bit, if I can get there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

Oh, they just had one size for the five. I didn't I don't think I realized that. Okay. Yep. And that's a forty eighty milliamp hour. I'm I'm just now you got me curious with the iPhone

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:17]

battery size is. Yeah. I think it's only, like, 20,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:21]

it might be less than 2,800 milliamp hours for the,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:24]

for the iPhone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

12. So the the I'm just looking at this. I I because I have it up. I was for for other reasons. I have the six s up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

and, it looks like it was seventeen fifteen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

milliamp hours and twenty seven fifty, which is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:40]

not huge by any stretch. The hardware control and the software optimization. And this is what happens when all cylinders are on the same page and you have a refined product.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:48]

And this gets to the admin Android fragmentation problem,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:52]

you know, from apps from apps and app software to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:56]

software updates long term. And then, like, take apps, for example, themselves.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:02]

When a when a developer makes an app for Android, they have to factor in all the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:07]

all the devices that go into making an app for something work. Whereas opposed to iOS,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:13]

it is it's a straight shot. It is so much better and easier to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

for that. Now okay. This is that that this is a fantastic point. I could not agree with you more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

It reminds me of if you could rewind Stan Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

two decades,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

when when I was in the Windows ecosystem. Right? Because Windows has the exact same problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

in terms of, like, trying to cover all the bases. I remember back in the day, right, Windows '95

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

was such a fundamental shift, but printer support was awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

And it was it was because at that time, there were no, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

standard printer protocols

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

of any substance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

and Microsoft had to build all these drivers. And then, like, you get you went, you know, you had two different chipsets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

and and eventually, there would be variations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

I agree with you. I just it's it's funny to me that it's taking you this long to get here because, again, you weren't there before,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

and I I am rubbing it a little bit.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:12]

Well, I I was on a roll here with the Pixel phones. I really did like the the two XL. That was a really great phone. It still works.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:20]

The the four XL was really good. I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:24]

But and again, you know, when, like, I'm on my eleventh device,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:29]

and, you know, the way that phone kinda broke, I was just like, I'm not gonna,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:34]

you know, I'm not gonna buy spend

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:37]

I coulda got a refurbished one for, like, 4 or $500 or something like that. I'm not gonna buy at this point hardware that's two years old.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:44]

So you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

I don't have a problem with refurbished phones. I wanna I wanna just put that there right now. I have a problem with refurbished Android phones. I'm I'm sorry. I I I completely said that wrong. I have a problem with I don't have a problem with refurbished devices. I have a problem with refurbished phones. That's what I was gonna say for this one fundamental reason.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

I'm assuming that when you do your morning constitution, you take your phone with you?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

Yeah. And and I think I think every human being does that. Right? And I don't care how you clean that sucker. Like, that that only belongs in one person's hands when they're taking care of their business, if you if you catch catch my drifts. I I will do a refurbished pretty much anything device,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:23]

monitors, printers, any of it except for phones. So I was, as I was phone shopping, I I looked into refurbished phones, and I found some videos that that brought up that point, and they've talked about especially on Amazon, you can buy some of these refurbished phones, and they show that they're

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:39]

they're still pretty you know, there's a lot of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

dust and Yeah. It's other Listen, man. I I'm just not comfortable with it. Like, I'm I'm a little bit of a germaphobe to begin with, but, like A little bit. Yeah. But but you're talking about the thing, like, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

in your in your bathroom. Right? You've got toilet paper, you, a toilet, and a phone. Right? Those are the constants in life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

And and I I remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

I'm gonna I'm gonna razz on another friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

Aaron Fanker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

of the another friend of the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

The barbecue ref. Yeah. The barbecue ref. He had, I think it was a four ass or four. I think it was an older phone of mine that he was using on his morning constitution,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

and dropped that sucker straight into the toilet. I remember that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

And and I remember telling him, like, did you, you know, had you already flushed? Like, what what was this the order of events here. Right? The order of operations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

And I still just can't believe that he fished it out, hoping that, you know, placed in a bowl of rice,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

he could he could get anyhow, I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

I'm pretty sure that he exchanged that phone in, right, in Apple. Like, got a discount on the replacement phone. So that phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

which maybe he washed, I don't know. But but I know what that phone touched. Right? And it wasn't just porcelain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:55]

I I digress. I didn't mean to go there, but but I did. Hopefully, John, that doesn't ruin our clean rating Hey. Podcast. Anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:02]

you have to explain it to your daughter who is a regular listener of the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

She's not gonna be in the least bit surprised about this. Then we'll keep our clean rating. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

so you made this plunge, and I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

You're you're, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

email,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

context calendar, all that's in the Google ecosystem. Right? Like, that that's where all of your stuff is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

Correct?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:28]

Yep. Okay. It was. Is it still? Like, are you Nope. No. I was able to export everything to VCF. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:36]

Okay. That was that worked really well. The contacts seemed to sync up extremely well. There was the the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:43]

I installed the Transferred to iOS or app.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:47]

That was a little wonky.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:48]

I had a couple

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:51]

you know, I had a couple

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:53]

took me about two or three tries to get to finally work.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:57]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:58]

then it finally finally did. Seemed to do a good job of getting all that except for my contacts.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:03]

And so then I exported them all, and then

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:06]

they all were right there. I had to do a lot of manual setup,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:10]

though, for setting favorites and things like that. But Sure.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:14]

Now the calendars, are you continuing to use Google Calendar, or did or did I do for work. Yeah. So there's I have multiple work calendars that I use on Google Calendar, so I don't so that's one of the things that really surprised me that you know, I've known that Google is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:29]

primarily a software company.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:32]

You know, this

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:34]

yeah. Obviously, they have Android devices,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:36]

but I'm surprised how seamless I was able to continue my Google integration into iOS.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:42]

So I was really, really happy about that, with this whole thing. So that wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:47]

that wasn't painful process at all. Now are you using the mail app or the Gmail app?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:53]

Both. I I use Gmail for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

one personal one work, and then I have another work that I use the mail app for. Okay. Do you do you find it frustrating at all, the lag in getting email from the mail app using Google?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:08]

I don't primarily do email on my phone. It's more of it subsidizes.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:12]

I try to do email

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:15]

when I'm down at a computer, so I I don't like to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:19]

I don't like to use it. So I haven't had a ton of experience with any lag Okay. On that. So this this I do know I do know that, for example, on Gmail, a lot of times, the iOS version of the Google software will get a trial run before it gets gets to Android. And this is what I was talking about app fragmentation

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:37]

earlier is because there's a consistency on iOS that Google is able to implement across devices. Devices. So, like, take things like the, you can swipe on your on your picture, on your photo to access different accounts. That was available on iOS

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:51]

far before it was available on Android.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:53]

And so there's other little little things like that throughout, you know, that they'll they'll try an iOS section before they successfully

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:59]

implement it on Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

It's the the story of Gmail and the iPhone to me is fascinating because when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

when Google

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

like, I don't know. People probably don't remember, like, IMAP didn't wasn't originally available for Gmail. Right? You could you could enable pop, and then, like, download a copy locally, but they wanted to get just the web interface. Eventually, they got IMAP, and and it was kinda crazy because the amount of data you were downloading over IMAP, like, the protocol wasn't really designed for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:26]

When the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

iPhone came out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

right, they wanted you to use iCloud, obviously. ICloud was trash back in the day. I mean, it was it was awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

But they did a first class integration with Gmail,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:41]

and you could get a a email pushed to the device. And then, I don't even remember when this was now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

Probably gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

It's probably been a good ten years. They stopped that, because they wanted people to move over to the native

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:57]

Google app, the Gmail app. That's actually when I stopped using Gmail

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

as as my primary email, because I it's it's weird. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

do a lot on my device. I for whatever reason, I wanna know when that email comes in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:10]

And and maybe this harkens back to my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

my my days with higher things and whatnot, where email was the primary method of communication. So someone would email me, and I needed to respond to it right away, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

But that's where they lost me. I've I've had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

I I was the other thing I wanna ask you is, like, what's your experience been like with calendars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

the calendars app?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:31]

And I'm assuming you're using the calendars app with Google then too? Yeah. I still am. I haven't gotten into the iOS calendar app too much because I still live in the work Windows world too Yeah. And then for for all work right now.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:44]

And like I said, we're so heavily integrated

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:47]

through Drive, through Google Calendar with Works that it we're we're not gonna be able to break away from that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:54]

I might try to migrate my personal stuff over.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:58]

And, yeah, I like having a division of things. Like, I don't I don't like my work emails funneling into anything personal,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:06]

or some people do that. They import their work into their personal and like to have a one stop shop. I am not like that. I want my thing separate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:13]

And so I might try to do that with my personal at some point. So I I I use iCloud and I for for calendars, and I have since 02/2005,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:23]

maybe 02/2006,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

one of those two. So I can actually go all the way back and see what I was doing my final year of college, crazy as it sounds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

I have had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

the absolute worst experience with a with Google Calendar inside of the native Mac or the native Apple calendars app. So I'm just gonna tell you right now, I don't recommend that. I've had like, if you've got a lot of calendar events,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:47]

there's some garbage about Apple Apple Calendars that I feel like it just doesn't work. That's my that's my pro tip. John, you could cue the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:54]

life tip with lemon song.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:57]

Don't don't do don't do Google Calendars inside of the the Apple Calendars app. I think it that's probably a data thing because I have some that don't have a ton of events on them. Like, they aren't daily or anything,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:08]

and it works fine to to subscribe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:10]

Yeah. I I I think you're probably totally right. I the calendars that I have that I've had problems with are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:16]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

you know, somewhere between five and ten events a day. Some of them recurring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:21]

on weekdays, and it it just I don't know what the deal is. Now, I don't have that problem on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:26]

the Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:27]

I so I don't know what it is. I will I will say this just kind of another plug, Daniel. I know you seem to me like the kinda guy that wants to try different apps, and like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:36]

get the full full feel of what's out there. Microsoft's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

Outlook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

app is fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:42]

for calendars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:44]

contacts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:45]

and email, in my opinion, iOS. I I I strongly recommend that one. I use all the native apps predominantly, but that's the one that every so often, like, I need a break from from the Apple apps, and I go try it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:56]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

I don't know if are you being a Google guy, are you anti Microsoft?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:02]

No. No. No. I'm actually gravitating one of our work one of your workplaces over to,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:06]

like, Office three sixty five. And so we're gonna be,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:10]

you know, getting into using Microsoft Teams a lot and and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:16]

doing more of that just because of the way people communicate today and need to communicate today.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:21]

And I'm tired of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:23]

I'm tired of this Strange table going down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:27]

overnight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:30]

That too. For those who don't know Not just overnight. Many hats is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:34]

fulfilling a lot of the roles that I filled at a previous job.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:38]

Yep. Yep. I'm, continuing the leg the legacy of But I think they extended the name of that title. So it's even more Wait. Wait. Legacy? Is that is that really what we wanna call it? It is. John did a great job of of developing something here that wasn't here previous to him that was very necessary. As basic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:56]

as a function he might think it was, it was actually a very necessary tool for for You're still using the logo that I put together. I There you go. Haven't been sued yet. Has on your on your iPad, do you use Pages or Google Docs, like, or or Microsoft Word? What do you use for your

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:15]

So my iPad I I knew that my the reason I got the iPad that I got was because

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:21]

for me, the tablet is a multimedia device. It's a multimedia consumption device. It's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:27]

I use it for, you know, Netflix,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:30]

watching

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:31]

shows, videos.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:32]

League of Legends. It yeah. It is not for me a productivity tool, and it was never gonna be. And that's that was part of the appeal. I just wanted my, you know, multimedia consumption device to actually work,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:44]

you know, and work well and know that it was gonna get support for a long time. That was the thing that drove me crazy about the Nexus nine tablet that I had previously

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:54]

is, you know, I got it

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:56]

not quite a year after it first came out,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:59]

and it was way it was almost twice the cost that I paid for the iPad, which

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:04]

was ridiculous.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:05]

And then and then,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:08]

you know, it it just

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:10]

it's gonna work. It's gonna get software updates for a long time to come.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:15]

So Yeah. So just to put this into perspective, I was thinking about this with with John earlier. IOS for for the iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:23]

today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:24]

I the version's iOS 14. Any guesses without looking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

what the oldest iPhone

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:30]

that is supported on iOS 14 is? I'm gonna guess that the iPhone six s is probably still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:37]

getting software updates. Were you paying attention when I said that earlier? Is that why? Because I No.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:42]

I I follow I follow tech regularly, and so I I was pretty confident about that. That was also

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:48]

that was also one of the most significant

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:51]

processor jumps.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:53]

You know? The iPhone

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:55]

when they get to the iPhone five s, that was the first time they started throwing around that word desktop class

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:00]

processors,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:01]

and they actually weren't kidding too much. Those were actually really,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:04]

really special things that they were onto as you start to see Apple develop their own

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:09]

processors

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:11]

at a, you know, ridiculously

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:14]

amazing performance level for what was available then. And I think what makes it especially is, again, you see all the optimization of one system working together. IPhones don't have a ton of RAM. They don't have a ton of like, you're seeing Android phones come out right now with

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:29]

12 gigs of RAM, 16 gigs of RAM, 18 gigs of RAM now. This is ridiculous,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:34]

you know, that that they can't manage their

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:37]

your operating system on a phone with

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:41]

double digits of RAM at this point. Yep. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:45]

So the the the six s had the a nine, which you're right. It was a it was a huge leap. I I remember this the six s was a great phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:53]

It had a a shape and a feel in the hand that I really liked, and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:58]

things just worked well. And I also felt like in terms of the build quality, it was pretty resilient.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:04]

And and this I I wanna talk about the about this a little bit, because you're coming to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:09]

iPhone having had some build quality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:12]

concerns with Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:14]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:15]

first, I wanna ask, what what iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:17]

is does Kristen have right now, your wife?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:20]

She has the 11 Pro. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:24]

And so the 11 Pro, I'm trying to think, that was last year's. Has she had any issues with the screen or glass in the 11 Pro series? Yeah. So, you know, this started and and I've kind of, again, paid attention to these conversations. But as Apple continues to get away from

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:39]

their their claims of things being more shatterproof,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:41]

well, that comes at a cost, and it comes at a cost of higher scratch rates. So she does have a couple notable

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:46]

scratches. They're not cracks, but certainly not, but they're deep grooves

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:51]

that I would say that that got caused. There's a there's a couple of them. Now you don't really tell what the screen on a lot of the time, but as soon as that screen turns off, you can I put a screen protector already on my on my 12?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:02]

Yeah. So okay. This has been my beef as of late. So and I I think part of the problem, does does Kristen keep her iPhone in dark mode, or does she do automatic switching? Like, what's her what's her

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:14]

color No. She keeps the adaptive brightness. Like, what's that called? True tone? Or Yeah. I don't Well, there's two tone, and then there's night shift. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:21]

actually, I don't think this yeah. The I guess the 11 Pro has true tone.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:25]

So I think she has adaptive brightness on because it drives me crazy. I don't like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:31]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:32]

I I think I've said before, the 11 Pro was a wonderful device that drove me bonkers because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:41]

I I felt like the screen I I scratched. I had a big scuff in the upper right hand corner, and it was, like, one of the main reasons I upgraded to the 12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:49]

Not not the only reason. Mean, there were other reasons, but it it definitely drove me there. And I haven't I don't think I told this story on the podcast, but I actually just got my screen replaced on my 12 Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:59]

for a scratch. I haven't broken them. Alright? I the only to this day, mark my words, to this day, the only iPhone I have broken was an iPhone eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:10]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:10]

the iPhone eight, what happened was in fact in fact, I showed you I showed you the original iPhone here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:16]

Not not a crack in that screen, baby. Let me tell you what.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:21]

The iPhone eight, I'd set on a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:23]

a sink counter, and while I was in the shower, the sink counter had a slight a very slight slope. Right? And that eight, man, it was slippery to the hands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:32]

And on the on the porcelain, it slowly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:36]

slid until it fell and hit the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:39]

the the stone, whatever it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:43]

tile floor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:44]

and it was a direct hit, and it shattered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:47]

That's to this day, it's the only iPhone I've broken. Now, I had I think it was the four s.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:53]

I had the battery

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:55]

swelled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:56]

and broke the back panel in half. Oh, wow. It was crazy. Now, Apple replaced that for you though, didn't they? Yes. Yeah. That was a known issue with some batteries in that particular device. I never had that. I've actually never had a battery swelling issue that I know of with any of my Apple devices, knock on wood.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:13]

But So that was one of the other issues that I had, you know, with some of the Androids. I said that, you know, I sent a couple phones back that were covered under warranty.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:21]

One of the Samsung

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:23]

actually, both of the Samsungs ended up having defects that I had to get new phones back from for that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:28]

And then

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:30]

None of them caught on fire on an airplane today. No. No. I actually really that was the phone I wanted that year, and I didn't upgrade.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:52:37]

I held up. That was and and, you know, yeah, it sounds silly afterwards, but I I really wanted that phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:44]

I remember it was a slick phone. And and I, like, I remember it it being competitive too in that space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:50]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:51]

yeah, it was it was a shame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:53]

Gosh, man. It's hard to rebound from that too, you know. Your phone your phone lights on fire, like, I'm sorry. Maybe you shouldn't get one. But Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:02]

So so I I went into the Apple store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:04]

What was this, John? Was this last week?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:07]

Because I think I called you on the way back. I went in because I was basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:12]

I I told my wife. I said, I I have the scratch that's driving me nuts in the upper right hand corner. Again, upper right hand corner of my phone. It's an OLED. I keep it in dark mode all the time, and I think that that is where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:24]

I notice it. And and maybe my iPhones prior to this were just as scratched, and because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:30]

the OLED and being dark mode, it it makes it so much clearer to see. I think there's something to that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:39]

went in though, and I told my wife. I said, if I could get because the Apple store's been closed forever. If I could get an appointment today to replace this screen, and they happen to have the configuration of a MacBook m one that I want,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:50]

I would drive up there, and I would go in, and I'd get both. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:55]

I I said that not thinking there was any chance it would happen. Sure enough, it happens. So the Apple store is about twenty five minutes north of me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:03]

in a mall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:04]

and that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:05]

whole experience is a is a story into itself. But I get in there, and I sit down with the the Apple genius,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:12]

and I tell him that I've got this scuff on the screen. I've got AppleCare plus. Right? So it should just be $30. I'm good to go. That's for screen replacement. You do it right there, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:21]

So I thought,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:23]

he tells me he tells me that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:25]

a scratch is cosmetic damage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:29]

It is not a screen crack. And I looked at him and I said, are you kidding me right now? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:35]

the you you because he saw it, oh, that's gotta be frustrating. Like, actually said that. Right? And I I you know, there are a lot of moments in my life where I'm trying to be a jerk. This was actually not one of them. I I looked at my so you're telling me that if I, like, walked out the store right now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:50]

and dropped my phone and it broke,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:53]

you would replace it for $30. But because it's got a scratch that doesn't, like, actually fracture the glass, you're not gonna replace it. On on under under AppleCare Plus. Right? And he goes, yeah. That's that's actually that's actually the policy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:04]

And I looked at him, and I I paused. I thought, and I said, please please take a step back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:10]

And he he did. He took a step back, and he looked at me really weird. We were sitting at a table, and I took my phone up, I held it above my hand head, and I was gonna, you know, slam it down, like, and he could tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:33]

He gave me the big long lecture about this is one of two screen replacements in this, you know, the calendar you're buying. I'm like, whatever. Mean, come just replace my screen. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:41]

I I do think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:43]

as they're making this screen harder to break,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:46]

it is easier to scratch. And I don't like, there's probably some chemistry behind all that. Right? And I'm sure they'll they'll work it out with time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:54]

But it's a it's a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:55]

oh, man. I So your point is right, though. So think about some of the things that are happening, though, and why the screens need to be this way.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:03]

First of all, the you're you're shifting to OLED displays, so you're gonna notice the the darkness more.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:09]

The other thing that's happening is peak brightness is going up, and they're starting to get these phones are be are starting to be able to support HDR content.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:18]

And so

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:19]

with the brightness higher, you don't notice the scuffs as much. And so, you know, they're willing to do that, but they know that the biggest obstacle to people enjoying their phones is a broken screen, a cracked glass screen.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:32]

And then the cost for that for that replacement for people who don't have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:36]

AppleCare,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:37]

plus was that what it's called? I don't know what it is yet. I'm Yeah. Too much of an Apple noob to know what it's called.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:44]

They know that that is an obstacle for people enjoying their iPhone and then leaving that product potentially. Same problem with Android. Yeah. You have a constant defect that prevents people from actually enjoying the product. So Yeah. I it's I think it's the right trade off that they're making right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:01]

Is someone who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:02]

spends a lot of time in dark mode, it it just oh, man. It it bugs me. But alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:09]

So you're you're in the iOS ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:13]

What was the most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:14]

traumatizing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:15]

transition from the Android OS to iOS for you?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:20]

Well, traumatizing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:23]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:24]

this was actually a problem on both places, but I hate the punch hole cameras and the notch. Oh, yeah. The Pixel four XL, the reason I decided on that was because

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:33]

it had a flat top even though the the bottom was generally bezel less.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:37]

I didn't care about the stupid notches and punch holes. I didn't want that. I wanted a pure screen to join my content.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:43]

And so there's already a couple times where I'm just like,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:46]

it's shrunk in on one side or it's, you know, just it's it's weird because of that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:52]

So that was one thing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:54]

One thing that I really enjoyed about Android that I don't have on iOS is an equalizer, an audio equalizer that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:02]

an app that will simply serve as you plug in these headphones. The app recognizes

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:08]

uses your presets to

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:10]

adjust volume however you want. And so

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:13]

you can do that with certain headphones in Apple. You can with any headphones, you can kinda adjust the sound signature.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:21]

It's not as robust as an equalizer is.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:25]

So and then the last thing I really miss

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:28]

well, there's there's two other things. The pictures on the video quality is way better on

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:34]

Apple.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:36]

Stunning video.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:37]

I took some video this weekend. It was amazing video. I blow blew me away.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:43]

The images are a lot flatter on iOS than they are in the Pixel, which is the strong point of the Pixel.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:49]

That is the the by far, still, I think, the best camera on a smartphone is in the Pixel phones.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:56]

But I I do the images are just a little they're they're flatter. You know? Now they're not bad by any stretch of the imagination. Color is great, but

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:05]

also a little more real to life. But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:08]

but they're definitely flatter images. They don't have as much,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:11]

I don't know, that that three-dimensional quality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:14]

Yeah. So I've heard a lot of people actually say this, the transition. And and I know there are there are, like, philosophical differences that are happening in both Apple and Google in terms of, like, how you process the image and and, like, getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:27]

like, what level of alteration do you do on top of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:32]

what the heck is it called? The the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:35]

The picture image? Yeah. But the the sensor. Like, that that's one thing. The the sensor, right, from, like, a raw image. And I I know that Apple now I haven't actually spent time doing this, but you can take raw photos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:46]

on the iPhone now, which is like huge. And and I I keep meaning to take a bunch of photos in raw and compare them to, like, the post processing, because the thing about, like, as I understand Apple philosophically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:58]

right, is like to not not go too Instagram y in terms of filtering and processing.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:04]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:05]

I don't like, it's it's all trade offs. Right? I am curious. Have you taken a lot of photos at night with the iPhone?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:11]

Not yet. So that was another strong suit of the Pixel is fantastic night mode. I know that it's good here

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:17]

overall.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:18]

I know that there's been some halo effect in some night shots on iPhones in the 12 model and that primary sensor. But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:26]

yeah. The other thing the only other thing I miss,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:29]

and there's no way to do it on this battery size.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:33]

So this is where Apple is consistent and for a good reason, I think.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:37]

But one of the things that killed the Pixel four's battery life was a 90 hertz display.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:42]

So that makes I I have to tell you, if you're watching video content or whatever, you notice a 90 hertz display. And that's one of the things I'm surprised that Apple didn't do with the 12 Pro series. Yep. I think Yep. I think that they could have done that. Now here's one of the things, though. Pixel phones never had a problem with responsiveness or or any of that.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:01]

But the one of the reasons iOS has never felt like a 60 hertz screen or refresh rate is because they use a 127

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:10]

120 hertz touch sample rate. So Yep. The fluidity of the operating system

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:15]

is exceeding

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:17]

the the display refresh rate. So that's kind of a genius move,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:21]

I think, on their part to do that. And I don't notice it in the in that. It's more in the other stuff, in the other content. Yeah. Okay. This it's funny you mentioned this. This is one of my beefs with the 12 Pro as well. It's also the thing that has prevented me from upgrading my iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:35]

because I have an iPad Pro with a 120 hertz refresh rate. And I wanted that air so badly, but they they didn't they stuck at 60 hertz, and I think I think it is a miss. When I notice it, is is not so much on video.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:49]

I don't actually do a lot of, like, movie watching on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:53]

I do it I do it on the iPad, and I get the the full, you know, 120 hertz. But when I'm scrolling, like, the scroll experience on the iPhone compared to an iPad Pro is is noticeable.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:03]

Like, you can actually see I mean, again, like, you train your eye because you see at a 120 hertz. Right? Like, you you you start to to notice So I don't know what the touch sample rate is on the regular iPad, but it does not feel nearly as fast as the iPhone 12 does. So I think that the iPad might be also set at 60 hertz per touch sample rate. That could be. That could be. I I will tell you this iPad that I have, which is now

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:27]

two, three years old. I think it's three years old,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:31]

has has ruined me in terms of

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:34]

what,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:35]

like like, looking at another iPad. So so my wife and kids have newer iPads that I I I just can't use. Like, I'm you know, it's it's kinda like OLED. Right? Like, I would not be able to go back to a non OLED phone at this point. You know, once once you go OLED, you're you're stuck in that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:53]

the the black pixels are off. Right? And it's totally different. Totally different. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:00]

you're

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:02]

you've got a Mac. We're recording on Mac right now. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:06]

I have I have a suspicion it's pretty old.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:08]

Yeah. It's like a 2011

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:11]

MacBook Air. Okay. Alright. It we I I use it rarely. I'm not on a con not on a regular occasion.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:18]

It gives me a little familiarity, but I haven't used it in, like, two months, three months. Okay. I haven't used it since I got an iPhone. So so I have to ask, do you know what version of Mac OS is on there? It's it's gotta be old. Right? Yeah. No. It's like ten,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:33]

thirteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:34]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:35]

So it's I think it's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:40]

one of those desert names

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:41]

or something like that. That is 1013, wasn't High Sierra.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:46]

Was it? High Sierra. I think it's that. Okay. Which is like High Sierra was a great operating system. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:53]

I believe,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:54]

Sanchez, that this is why when we tried to do this podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:58]

on FaceTime as a as a group, it didn't work. So there's two things. One No. I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:04]

think once you cross Mojave, the the, like, FaceTime group FaceTime is different.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:08]

Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:10]

your Mac is old, brother. It's time to upgrade.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:14]

Well, I have a new PC for that I bought, like, last year, about a year ago,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:19]

and

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:20]

and I use that for all kinds of different work stuff as well. And like I said, both workplaces

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:25]

are heavily involved

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:27]

in

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:28]

in Windows,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:29]

and there's no way those are gonna move over. So So I'm I'm living it I like, I haven't been on Windows

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:36]

literally in two decades. Help this is before the iPhone. Like, I've been I've been on a Mac before the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:43]

But I was a Windows guy for a long time. My first laptop was was a Windows computer. I I had multiple Windows desktops, built up Windows desktop, like all that. Right? What what is the life like

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:54]

being

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:54]

an iOS user

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:56]

on Windows?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:59]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:00]

continuity isn't there, obviously. There's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:03]

not I'm sure there's a way I can figure out to get my messages. For Android, there was a way just within Chrome itself.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:11]

Or I think anything,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:12]

you could get messages within a browser setting, and you could essentially do continuity,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:17]

you know, in messages between there.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:19]

But it's fragmented. You can't you know, from FaceTime to, you know, which app are you using, where to to access from what device

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:28]

is kind of a mess.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:30]

So, no, I don't have any of those functions yet.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:35]

Yeah. It's it's it's fragmented. Again, that's the best the best way to kinda talk about it.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:41]

You know, I don't believe so

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:43]

this gets into another conversation generally. I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:48]

if you get into same thing with phones. If you buy something that's midrange or or low end, you're you're gonna get exactly that. This I've I've been encouraging people when I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:57]

you know, I had a much better experience when Google started

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:00]

investing or charging more for their smartphones because it was a better experience from build quality even though I still had some frustrations

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:07]

going forward.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:08]

It was a better experience, and those phones costed more, and they should have.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:13]

In the end, they still couldn't shake some of these problems, and there were no compelling options for me. So iOS made perfect sense. I think the same thing about PCs.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:21]

Like, if you're gonna pay $2,300

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:25]

for a a a laptop, Honestly, I think computers should last you much longer than phones do. I think computers should last you

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:31]

at least, you know, you should plan four to

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:34]

eight years for a computer if they really work well and do everything well and you put it through its paces. So I I'm not I'm not a believer in going cheap. So I bought myself a really decent quality

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:44]

laptop

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:45]

that I was even able to upgrade myself. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:48]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:49]

I could tell you that my laptops or my Mac my computers, my Macs, last me about twice as long as my phones do.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:57]

I I I seem to be on a on an upgrade role every two years. That's not true.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:02]

It's just that's how often Apple comes out with technology that you really, really wanna get your hands on. Yeah. Because your hands would live longer than than that. No. They definitely would. They definitely would. I had a the first One of them got handed down to me. Yeah. Well, yeah. When

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:17]

when we were working together, that was that was the thing we did. Right? Like, we we passed devices around. The developer got the newest one, and then everybody else got the hand me downs. That was okay. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:28]

I did have the first Retina MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:32]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:33]

used that thing probably for five years, five, six years.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:37]

And what was stunning about that was that was a first gen. I ordered that the day they released it. And Wow. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:43]

I've not had a great experience with day one orders for for new lines, but that Retina was was just an absolutely fantastic computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:53]

It's one of the the three

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:55]

Macs that I look back on, and I think like that was a game changer device for me personally.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:01]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:02]

yeah. Anyhow. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:04]

I as far as I know, there's no messages solution. There's no FaceTime solution

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:09]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:10]

on Windows. What what do you use then

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:13]

for,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:13]

like, text chatting and video chatting when you're at your desktop or your your laptop or whatever it is? So right now,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:22]

no. There's not a great solution

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:24]

at this moment.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:26]

I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:27]

previously on Android, I I used Google Duo quite a bit.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:31]

Is that was a Is that still a thing? That was a yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's it's different.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:36]

So their Google had released several messaging apps long ago. And, again, they this gets into a problem with Google, and they had Google Allo. They had all kinds of different things. So Duo ended up becoming just a message a video messaging app, essentially. It's it's FaceTime for for Google. That's really what it is.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:55]

But it but it's not it doesn't work across platforms, really, at all. So you can't jump into it on one device like another. Even though my Mac here, the the MacBook Air that I am using, even though it's it still has FaceTime. Like, I can still call you guys on FaceTime through this. I I couldn't do that,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:09:15]

like, with Google Duo on my desktop. Okay. Hold on. I use Google Meet for work, though.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:09:21]

So I could like, just because I said we're heavily involved in Google, so when we schedule something there, we use Google Meet,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:09:28]

and we have of a more professional version of that. So, you know, I'm able to use that. I have not tried that on iOS yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:35]

I I use I actually use Google Meet on iOS all the time. It works works very well. I actually predominantly use it only on cellular coverage too. So for what that what that counts.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:09:47]

So Duo is different than Meet and Hangouts. I'd like to I this is I've always had a hard time keeping track of So they had Hangouts, which was a great all in one kind of messaging thing. I canned Hangouts because it was it was so buggy,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:09:59]

and it ate up RAM like crazy.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:02]

And it was just not a good experience. It was kinda one of those cross platform things that you're talking about. You could get to it on desktop, then you could get to it on your phone. I canned it. It was awful. It was just a horrible experience. I ended up just using Google messages, which is their basic SMS, stock Android SMS app.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:19]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:20]

and that that was a really great messaging experience. It was real clean.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:24]

It worked real well.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:26]

You know, everybody's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:28]

in blue

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:29]

in in that, so I didn't have that self conscious feeling. Now now when I there are certain groups that I text and I'm like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:37]

I missed the blue. It it bothers you, doesn't it? The green blue bubble. It's so psychologically,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:42]

like, you know, blue is good.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:45]

Green.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:47]

It's green. When you first texted us and your bubbles were like, the the bubbles were blue, I was so ecstatic because I was like, oh, here we are. Now I can like your messages.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:56]

I can put stickers on them, all that jazz. Yeah. I noticed that. Yeah. So, yeah, there was a lot to figure out there because,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:04]

you know, I also think, like, the keyboard has generally been a weak spot on Android or, I'm sorry, on on iOS for a long time until more recently. It's come around a a long ways to last a little bit. And that's that's another reason why I went iOS is because,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:18]

also, we have we have to think about, like, over the years, what's changed? Like, notifications was a huge mess on iOS until just a few years ago. It was really Android was way ahead of iOS there.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:29]

You know, there are there were a lot of things that Android did really well. The you we talked earlier a long time ago about widgets on Android. And you're to your credit, you're right. At the at the Nexus six p time,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:41]

they were trash. I mean, they were not good widgets.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:45]

But when Google developed the Pixel phones, they were able to really implement a lot of

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:50]

stock Google features into widgets and do them really well. And widgets became really serviceable on Android starting in 2016,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:56]

2017 time frame. And then the other thing that Google did extremely well that there's iOS still behind on is is the Google Assistant versus Siri. The Google Assistant is far superior to to Siri. Siri just wants to show me web pages

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:10]

Siri activating right now. Oh, you gotta say, hey, Dingus.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:13]

No.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:14]

Say say Dingus. There you go. Alright. So the Google Assistant is far superior to to to to Siri as far as I can tell. I'm like I said, I'm only two plus weeks into this. So,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:28]

you know, Google did a great job of integrating their services into the Pixel phones that you didn't see in other Android devices like the Samsungs. They're starting to get there, but Samsung is too busy pushing their apps and their ecosystem into Android.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:42]

And, you know, right when you get your Samsung phone, you've got both platforms. You got all the Samsung apps, then you have all the Google apps, and then you can get all the other apps that you want too. It's just a mess.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:53]

So so just let's take a step back here real quick.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:57]

I think, in general,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:59]

it is safe to say that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:01]

for many things, Apple has not been first to the table. Right? They didn't create the first smartphone.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:08]

They didn't create the first touch screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:11]

They definitely didn't create the first, you know, app to push notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:15]

I I think that Apple's strategy largely has been, take it a little bit slower,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:19]

and figure out

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:21]

the most critical features, and then get them really well polished.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:26]

And and so that means sometimes we're we're behind the curve. Right? Like, we're waiting for things to show up, like like a keyboard that I could swap out with one that swipes, or native swiping in

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:36]

iOS keyboards. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:38]

It took a took a while. Widgets is another one that took a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:42]

And I think on the flip side, at least for me personally, right, the one of the reasons that I'm okay with that, even though I consider myself a power user,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:49]

is I recommend, like, my mom to have an iPhone and to have an iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:54]

and there's just a there like, stuff just works, and it tends to be intuitive.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:59]

Right? And there's not a lot of bells and whistle complexity to it. And so I think, you know, that that's that's kind of the trade off. Now, that being said, if if Google isn't trailblazing

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:09]

on some of these features and functionality,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:11]

there's nothing to riff off and and make usable on iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:16]

Right? So you've got that that kinda, like, crazy dichotomy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:19]

Your the Google Assistant Siri thing, I feel like we could probably talk an hour just about that because of of all

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:27]

of the nuances to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:29]

John John and I historically

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:31]

have shied away

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:33]

from Google from a privacy standpoint, I think. Is that fair, John? That's fair. Okay. Even more so than me. Yeah. I'm I'm extreme. I'm extreme. I don't even use Google search.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:43]

I don't I don't get the impression that's, like, in like, something you're you're worried about or stressing about.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:14:50]

No. Like I said, we're I'm so heavily integrated into Google. Now I I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:14:55]

yeah. Google has gotten better about privacy. This this you it's a valid concern that you do have.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:02]

Google has gotten better. Like, a lot of the also, like, one of the features about apps specifically that's come in from iOS was,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:10]

yeah, iOS, I think, was first to implement the, you know, location services while you're using app or data while you're using the app only or I'll keep off. That ended up making its way over into Android. But, you know, it's gotten a lot better around Google, but I I generally would trust Apple to protect. Like, this was a couple years ago, but was this there was a

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:34]

I was out in California. I think this was the San Bernardino shooting that they the the the shooter had an iPhone.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:41]

And,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:43]

Apple refused to help the FBI break into it because it set a precedent.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:48]

And now,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:50]

we can all agree,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:51]

you know, that that's a terrible situation,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:53]

but I that really actually spoke volumes to me that they're not gonna do a company they're not gonna be a company that allows the government to have back ends into their smartphones.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:04]

That was a loud and clear message that they sent to the world when they did that. And, know, I don't know if I'd trust Google to make

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:11]

I don't know if I'd trust Google to make the same decision in that in that standpoint.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:15]

So, you know, they've made some historically

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:18]

wise choices with privacy. Apple has. Did have you ever heard the story about the the moment in which I chose or I decided, like, I had to I had to step away from Google?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:28]

No. This this is not a real story, but I'm gonna tell it to you, because I've said it to a thousand people a thousand times. I was sitting on my couch, and I was streaming Frozen on YouTube TV, and suddenly my Google Nest turned down three degrees so that I had a chill to my bones.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:43]

Now I I, you know, I I agree. Google's gotten a lot better on privacy. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:47]

Well, at this point, they just have to be better on Facebook. Right? That's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:51]

right. So the other thing too the the last the last real thing that's, like that that almost

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:58]

caused me to leave after a day

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:00]

was the app organization

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:02]

on iOS.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:03]

Oh. The the customizability

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:06]

of Android is really hard to walk away from. To put apps exactly where you want them on the screen and to to have it right the way you want it. But the saving grace was widgets. You're talking about the grid. You're talking about the grid specifically. The the grid. Yeah. The grid. It's so so I mean

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:22]

Okay. It's not it's not app library. It's not folders.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:25]

It's it's being able to Well, that the that's a hot mess too. The the

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:30]

what is it? This whatever. This the app library. You don't like the app library? No. I I hate that. Oh. I'm the only person who only opens app

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:39]

via the search bar. It doesn't matter if I'm on my MacBook Pro or my phone. Right? And Android was great. You could customize your setups the way you wanted, direct dials from from the home screen or from a set screen. And then all you had to do, you get to all your apps was just swipe up and boom. All your apps, you can just find if you don't want anything anywhere and it's a obscure app you use once in a while, you can just go down, and it was it was far easier to get to that one app you don't really use a lot that you don't have any on your home screens than it is here.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:11]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:12]

but but that grid drove me crazy until widgets. Like, widgets was allowed me to position the widgets in such a way where I could fill the screen

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:19]

so that,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:21]

you know, I could get to that easy access on the apps, just that that main home screen, especially. Have have you messed with the Shortcuts app at all?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:30]

Which app? Shortcuts?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:32]

Nope. Okay. You should take a look at this one because

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:35]

you made me think of this primarily because of your direct dial, like, having a button that you can just say, you know, dial John Kolmeier.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:43]

Right? Or send a text message to my favorite Apple fanboy, Stan Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:47]

You can accomplish a lot of that using the shortcuts app and actually create, like, icons custom to it. It's it's a little more manual than than the the Google experience, but I think that that it's also like Uber power user

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:00]

functionality in there. You can, like, literally script and streamline

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:03]

all kinds of things together. The only person I know that actually does this, like, Uber nerd level is Mark Buto,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:09]

who has more shortcuts and automations than than, like, probably

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:14]

everybody in my extended family combined. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:17]

I think I think that's that's something you should check out. I I agree that, like, the grid is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:21]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:23]

always struck me as odd that the place that I have to reach the furthest to is the hardest to get an icon there unless I fill up the whole screen, you know. Like, some something's off in there. And I I think it's probably just a a

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:35]

they've they've opted to do this grid snap and ordering thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:40]

probably for usability. Right? Like, that's that's for for my mom and and John's mom and whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:46]

But it's, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:47]

I wanna be real particular about it. Now I how many home screens do you have right now?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:52]

Two.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:53]

Oh, two. I just have two screens. I have I have the first screen is

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:57]

my it's only the apps, no folders, and then two widgets.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:02]

And then I have a swipe over, and then everything is organized by folder at this point aside from the settings app and,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:09]

like, my Verizon, for example. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:12]

And and then that's it.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:14]

Yeah. This is how I used to live my life too. So are you using the app library at all or did you just, like I've had to find an app once in a while. I've that I didn't

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:23]

I've I've removed or

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:25]

I didn't put into a folder and it's there. Okay. So you don't ins do you have the setting that installs to app library primarily,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:34]

or or do you have that off?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:36]

I don't know. Okay. Alright. Well, this this is interesting. So I don't even let an app I install land on the home screen anymore. It goes straight to app library. Like, I don't I don't even They all land on the home screen. Oh, so they all do land on the home screen Okay. Initially. They land on the second screen because the first screen is full. I want the first screen full,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:52]

and that's what I want.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:55]

So I'm I'm getting used to the four grid versus the five because Android had five. So these these the iPhones are a little taller, narrower than the Androids.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:04]

The the dimensions are, you know, a little more

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:08]

to one. I think they're, like

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:10]

I don't I'm not sure quite sure what the dimensions I remember you have enlarged hands.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:14]

Do you Yeah. Do you have any do you don't have any grip issues with with the iPhone?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:18]

No. I I always had the big like, I debated getting the 12 Pro Max. Like, that was the only other phone I would have gotten.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:26]

But to me, I didn't see any

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:28]

like, the cameras are good enough. The telephoto does not matter that much to me. Like,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:34]

telephotos are great, but they're not good for the kind of pictures that I need to telephoto for. So

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:39]

anything that's moving around too fast, telephoto is not gonna do a good job. And so to me, that's I need those kind of action shots to effectively use a telephoto lens, and so it was not gonna work for me. And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:51]

I can't remember if it's a two x or three x telephoto on the 12 pro max.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:55]

I thought it was, like, two and a fraction. That was, like, 2.8. So it was just shy. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's right, actually. You know, some of them Androids are starting to switch to three x telephoto now Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:05]

Which is smart because the two x doesn't achieve a ton. Right. Right. But but I yeah. And I ended up, you know, with the 12 as my deciding phone because it was just, to me, the right

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:17]

the right screen size, right dimensions,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:20]

oddly enough. So,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:22]

you know, I love that design. Think way back in 02/2011,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:26]

that '4 s. I love the design of that phone. I love the the nice edges and It's a beautiful phone.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:32]

And then, you know, by the time, you know, I was getting invested into Android, that was always one of the things I didn't like necessarily about the iOS was, you know, kind of the they switched to the stainless steel. They switched to the 6,000 series aluminum

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:47]

after the iPhone six Bengate fiasco. And then

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:51]

and then and then, you know, they've had very sturdy phones since then. I really like the design of the 12. That was also where the appealing factors to me was was its edges, its overall design,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:04]

and then that they made the screen OLED because Yeah. The 11 was not an OLED. It was that LCD.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:10]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:13]

the the edges were a little bigger because, you know, the OLED, they wrap that display around to plug in versus the LCD. They can't do that. Yeah. And the the 11 was a good LCD, but you had to get the 11 Pro to get the OLED. And I I'm with you. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:27]

I I I love the OLED on it. I I love the design of the 12 Pro over the 11. The 11 had the, like, curved bevels, and this this 12 pro kinda harkens back to that four s

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:37]

four four s Yeah. Shape.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:39]

So Starting in in 2014,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:42]

you started seeing what's called two d glass where that that edge bleeds the glass bleeds down into the sides. Yep. And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:50]

that caused a lot of problems for scratches. And I think that's one of the reasons the iPhone 11 scratched so much is because if you look how cases need to hug that phone,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:58]

then you got the two d glass on top versus here. This when I put the case on, it's it's nice and snug underneath. The lip is a little more pronounced.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:24:06]

Yeah. No. I totally agree with you. Totally agree with you. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:24:11]

I mean, are like, what's what would you say customer satisfaction is at this point?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:19]

Yeah. I think it's very positive overall.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:24]

If I,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:26]

you know, break my phone after

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:29]

after a little bit, I think I think I'm gonna realize that I'm the problem and it wasn't necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [01:24:34]

Okay. Alright. So if you break your phone, if you let's say two weeks from now, you break your phone,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:38]

alright, and and you gotta replace it. I did you do AppleCare Plus or or what what I I I didn't. I think AppleCare So yeah. I know. Oh, boy. But I I do have a screen protector on the glass, and I do have a a a decent case.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:52]

And,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:54]

you know, I I I think just generally, though, I like, I'm getting used to it. I'm I'm not gonna, like, chicken out here and go back to Android.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:04]

I think iMessage is gonna be impossible to get away from. Yep. It locks you in, man. Locks you in. Those real subtle

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:12]

hook, line, sinker Yep. Kind of kind of schemes.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:16]

Hey. Just just just level with me. You get you got a Signal account too?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:20]

A what account? Signal.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:23]

No. Don't know. Telegram?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:26]

Oh, wow. Okay. Well, I was expecting one of those two. Alright. I just figured, like, that's your portability. That's your avenue for portability right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:32]

No.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:34]

I I like I said, I think the the transition was pretty seamless

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:39]

overall.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:40]

The one thing I'll say is that the app optimization

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:43]

just I noticed that right off the bat. You know, it doesn't matter if it's PGA Tour Live

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:48]

or one of the Google apps or whatever. Everything the app

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:52]

the apps just seem to work all around much better.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:55]

Yeah. You know, there's a couple reasons for that. Right? Like, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:58]

on on Android, the the primary language that you develop in when you're developing an app is Java.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:04]

And Java has a lot of really great reasons to to write code in. The when you get to these,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:12]

like, power efficient devices or devices that need to be power efficient,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:16]

There's a there's a challenge in just the fundamental architecture of that language, where you've got this you've got this layer that sits between

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:24]

your system and the code that you're writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:26]

Right? And so Android has always had

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:30]

a handicap because of that there's a layer between it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:34]

And meanwhile, what Apple has done is they've they've, you know, given a tool chain that will run

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:40]

on the system.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:41]

And then as of late, now developers are actually using a language that Apple has developed itself specifically to run on the silicon. So it's like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:50]

you know, you you take the closed ecosystem and the the idea that you know what hardware is available,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:55]

and now you you give developers a language that's gonna run as close to that silicon as possible with all the optimizations

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:02]

for that specific chip. And it's it's just hard to compete. It is really hard to compete.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:08]

The last thing about optimization is battery life. That is the other that is amazing on this one. I can't believe how far this battery gets me. I can get two days out of it. I mean, I could never get an Android device to go for two days. I could maybe get in a note out of that, like, Note four. I could maybe get a day and a half

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:26]

on,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:27]

know, moderate usage.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:29]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:31]

I I can push two days on this easily,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:34]

and it's not a too big of a battery to charge up, which is why Apple does not need to rely on fast charging Yeah. Generally. Yeah. So No. No. You're you're totally right. I think I think battery life used to actually be a pain point. And I say pain point because I remember

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:49]

that they call, like, the 75% day. Like, I could get three quarters through my day, and then I needed to go charge top off. John has no idea what I'm talking about because he doesn't use his phone. John My phone. John has John has week long battery life. Think it's, like, week long battery. I know this. He's like, he had that when he's coming over to my house. He's like, oh, I can't charge my phone in three days. Can I plug in? Are

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:09]

you using any kind of, like, charging pads, or are you plugging everything in?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:14]

No. So

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:16]

I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:17]

have already,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:19]

several USB c 18 watt,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:22]

charging bricks here because of my pixels.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:25]

And, so I was able to take the cable that came with it and plug it straight into the USB

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:30]

USB

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:31]

c charger here.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:33]

At home, I just I have mice

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:36]

I think it's a

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:38]

12 watt or 11 watt

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:40]

charger for the iPad that I have right next to my bed, and so I just I don't need to charge my iPad all the time. So I just use that to charge my phone at night.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:49]

Do you do you find it frustrating at all that you don't have a USB c port on the bottom of the iPhone?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:28:57]

You know, lightning is not that great.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:01]

USB c is a pretty amazing

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:03]

little

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:05]

little port, so we'll see. But, you know, I think lightning's gonna die this year. So I you know, maybe this will surprise you. I sincerely hope so.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:14]

I I look forward to the ubiquity of USB c, and I've got it on my laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:19]

If I were to replace my iPad with an iPad Pro, I would get it on the iPad. I don't know what Apple is waiting for. The only thing I I think about this a lot, actually, because

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:29]

there there are a few things in the Apple ecosystem that drive me nuts. One is the Apple Watch being an old style USB plug into a brick, which means I have to have two bricks.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:39]

And then the other is USB c on my phone. It's gonna come down to royalties, Stan. So

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:44]

how are they it's gonna they're gonna implement MagSafe. That's why they introduced it last year again.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:50]

The royalties they get from Lightning are substantial.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:53]

They are not gonna go to USB C because then they have to pay those

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:56]

they have to pay for that,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:58]

to use that into their products. It makes sense for the iPad Pro because the iPad Pro is a productivity device. Nobody's buying nobody should be buying the iPad Pro to watch, you you know, Netflix on all day. That's not what that's for. Disney plus, buddy. I watch Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:14]

Well, I hope it's you know, one I hope WandaVision was beautiful. You you have no idea. You have no idea. But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:22]

but, yeah, it's gonna come down to royalties. I mean, they're gonna they're gonna replace Lightning with something that can produce the next level of true wireless,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:31]

you know, royalties for them, and and that's what it's gonna come down to. Yeah. I And now they they got it and they got the AirPods Max on. They got the, you know, they got all their their whole lineup is now set for this and primed and ready to go to for them to abandon lightning.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:45]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:46]

I you're probably right. I would love to see USB c still. I think the the challenge right now

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:54]

from the the wireless charging is it's still so godawfully slow,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:31:01]

at least comparatively for me. Right? Yeah. It's not good for the batteries too. And when they do when they do up it like that, it it just isn't it's not good. In fact, what some Android phones are starting to do is they're realizing that. And so, some of the new Android phones, what they're doing this year is they're actually splitting the battery. So, like, there's a new phone that just came out. It's a gaming Android phone.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:31:23]

Wait. Wait. That's a thing? What does that even mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a it's a a ASUS ROG phone. Alright? But they did a really, really smart thing in in that and it's massive. IPhones will never get this big. But what they did, which was finally really smart, is they realized, well, why have one six thousand milliamp hour battery? Why don't we just split it into two three thousands? And then,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:31:45]

we'll split the charging power. And so they, like, they include, like, a 60 watt charger in this thing. Woah. But the point is is it goes on a 6,000 milliamps. It goes from zero to whatever super fast. So it was kind of a really smart way. And, you know, Apple's had this kind of success with batteries in in their MacBook lineups too because they used to have stacked batteries,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:07]

you know, to to accomplish this feature. So anyways. Okay. I'm looking I'm looking at this ROG phone.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:32:13]

I didn't know that this was a thing. Like, what games like, can I play Overwatch on this phone? No. No. I mean, I'm sure there's some good, like, games. So, you know, mobile gaming is kinda one of these and not only just mobile gaming, but cloud gaming, you know, was kinda one of these next big things like Google Stadia.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:32:32]

What devices are gonna be able to to run these kinds of of of apps in the future? And so I just don't understand why people would invest this kind of money into something that's gonna be obsolete in, you know, two years.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:45]

This I mean, I this is this is fascinating. I I can't tell what these are pictures of if this is Call of Duty. It kinda looks like it's Call of Duty.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:32:52]

Well, there's a Call of Duty mobile esport.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:32:56]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:57]

Clash Royale is probably another one. That's that's like a cartoony game, ain't it?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:03]

It's like an offshoot of Clash of Clans.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:06]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:07]

Well, hey, to each his own. I'm I'm But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:10]

yeah. But, you know, there's nothing that's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:14]

that's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:16]

I don't know. It doesn't it doesn't make sense to me to

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:19]

be that narrow in your in your gaming. I mean, nobody who has an r Asus ROG phone like that, for example, they already got an Xbox or a PS five. Right. Exactly. They got they have to. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Why would you invest that much into your mobile device? And so, you know, again, it's cool that they can do this. It's cool that we have devices to do that, but at the same time, it's not really

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:42]

it it's not really driving,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:45]

you know, the the the market a certain direction. This is so fast. I'm seeing pictures of controllers on the side that look like a Switch. There's a dock that looks like a Switch.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:55]

I Two USB ports. Two USB c ports. One on the bottom, one on the side.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:59]

I And a headphone jack.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:01]

Headphone jack. How much is that bothering you on the iPhone? I missed that. Oh, well, the Pixels haven't had one since the first Pixel phones. They made fun of Google.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:10]

They made fun of Apple when the Pixel one came out to you know, professionally

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:14]

not new of a headphone jack. And then the next year on the Pixel two, they canned the headphone jack and went dongle.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:20]

I I think that's just a water resistance thing. I can't come up with any other other thing. I I I don't know. It doesn't No. No. The the I mean, take the so, like, there's the Pixel lineup from the last year has the Pixel four a, Pixel four a five g, and Pixel five.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:36]

Pixel five is the most expensive. There the Pixel four a five g is still waterproof, but it has a headphone jack.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:44]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:46]

don't know. Maybe maybe that 3.5 millimeter

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:49]

port took up a lot of space. I it doesn't it doesn't make sense to me. I I don't know. Well, funny story is when Apple took theirs out, the teardown of that was the iPhone seven. A teardown actually showed that they replaced that spot on the phone with, I think, nothing. Oh, fun. They did not put a speaker they did not put a speaker in that spot.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:08]

I'm sure there's I'm sure there's a long tail. Have you have you taken the poison? Have you have you gotten yourself a set of AirPods yet? My wife had I got my wife a a I think for her birthday last year, I got her AirPods Pro. So I have actually had a chance to test them out.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:21]

I do love the sound signature on them. They they sound great. They do a very good job.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:27]

I am debating whether or not that will be my next Bluetooth purchase.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:31]

Because you don't like expensive headphones if I recall. Right? No. Yeah. I don't. The the AirPods Pro are the first ones of app the only ones of Apple that I actually think are worth the price, though. I will say that. Like, I I do believe that those are quality,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:46]

and their sound quality is at the at the level that justifies that expense. And I I don't agree that the maxes are

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:57]

I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:35:58]

I have not had a chance to test them. So They're stupid expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:01]

They're stupid expensive.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:03]

They are. We are not the target audience for those. So Well, maybe you like that, though. Like, let's say, like, the Sony x m fours, for example. Like, you can get like, that comes with a dedicated app, and you have equalizer controls with those premium headphones.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:17]

And so,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:18]

you know,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:20]

I don't know. I'll be really interested to see how that changes over time, because,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:25]

you know, they're gonna update that,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:27]

at some point to the next the next level. And, you know, I think the thing that that frustrated me most about that product is that they have no plug ins of any kind outside of the Lightning. Like, there's no 3.5. There's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:42]

no

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:43]

You can get a dongle, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:48]

I I I will say this. I I think the AirPods for me have mitigated any need I have to plug in. I like the original AirPods. They they were expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:58]

The battery wore out incredibly fast. I the AirPod Pro and that transparency mode for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:04]

game changer. Like, it it they're just

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:08]

I I don't know. Like, having that level of awareness is really really nice. I think sound quality is good.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:14]

I I still have concerns about the longevity of the battery in these things, though. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be interesting to see. That's why I'm using my wife as a guinea pig. So Now your Maybe wife has multiple Apple devices. Right?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:37:26]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. She's got them she has

**SPEAKER_2** [01:37:29]

a MacBook Pro,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:37:30]

iPhone,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:37:31]

iPad.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:37:32]

She's she's totally invested into the ecosystem. You're welcome.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:37]

And if if I recall right,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:40]

well, I'm sorry. That's that's not how I wanna start the sentence. Has she has she gotten the fiddle with the, like, the w was it w one, w two chip? Like, I mean, the ubiquity of not having to pair this thing to multiple devices. Has she shown you that or, like

**SPEAKER_2** [01:37:55]

Maybe I show her that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:58]

So so to me, this this is, like, going going back to what you said earlier about, like, having that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:04]

homogenous ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:06]

Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:08]

I I don't know about you, but I've come more

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:11]

I I've I've come closer to death

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:13]

from Bluetooth than I have COVID,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:16]

right, in my lifetime because because of pairing trouble and, like, switching between devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:21]

And and honestly, like, life insurance policy should give you a discount if you're using Apple headphones with Apple devices,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:28]

because all of that goes away. And suddenly, like, I'm not I'm not, like, struggling to switch between things in in times when I shouldn't be. You know you know what I mean? Like Yeah. I I do. In fact so this was one of the frustrating points is

**SPEAKER_2** [01:38:41]

anytime I wanted to use my over the ear Bluetooth or my workout Bluetooth,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:38:46]

the iPad is the first one to pick it up every time, but I wanted to connect to my phone. So I would always go before I did anything, I would turn the Bluetooth off on my iPad,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:38:56]

and then it would go right to my to my phone. But even so right now,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:00]

even without Apple devices,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:03]

it's a race. Like, which one's gonna get there first? My iPhone or the iPad? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:07]

And it does have a it does depend on proximity.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:11]

But if I'm in my bedroom, they're they're both right there next to each other. I'm like, oh, this is gonna be In my experience at least was that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:18]

the battle and then switching after one's connected, it was it was just it was just brutal. You know, I I have this I have this problem with with

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:26]

my my computers and my my mouse. And now the new the latest mouse I just got right? I don't know if you guys can see. It's got a button. It has three different Bluetooth connections, and it has a button I switch through. So it does it doesn't do the battle anymore. Just say, do I wanna use Bluetooth one, two, or three, which is kinda like

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:42]

I don't know, man. It's it's it's annoying. But So cool disability thing, though, is that I have hearing loss and I wear hearing aids. And so I'm able to stream everything seamlessly from my iPhone. You know? So it's like I have AirPods in my ear. That's cool. Lot. So I am able to just stream what doesn't matter if I'm listening to something. You know, my wife always complains like, you know,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:02]

if she's in the kitchen sweeping or something or doing doing whatever, she always puts her her AirPods in. And,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:08]

and,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:09]

you know, she always says, well, I can know, you can always tell if I'm listening to something,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:15]

and,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:16]

and it doesn't you know, you have to tap tap me on the shoulder if you wanna talk.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:22]

And I always listen to stuff on my hearing aids, but you can't tell that I have anything else different going on. So I'll walk by, and I'll be streaming streaming a podcast, and she feels just like I totally ignore her. The the trick is to be nodding your head the whole time. Right? Oh, yeah. To get that affirmation. Not work with her.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:42]

Now I I just I'm curious. What is, like, the the the hearing

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:48]

issues that you have? Would the experience how's it been different from Android? I know you mentioned the equalizer earlier. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:54]

There is so the app is similar, but this is where, again,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:58]

I I really feel like the app is optimized. It functions well. It doesn't delay. It doesn't stutter. It I don't wanna say it did that a lot, but it it

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:08]

it's in it it does it at a speed that's just intuitive

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:12]

to a certain extent. And then and then it just performs better. It's more stable.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:18]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:19]

I don't know how to say it, but for whatever reason, I feel like I'm I'm hearing better

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:27]

because of it. And so that's been a real, like, really neat thing. But my family does audiology,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:35]

and so it's really been neat to get the hearing synchronized

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:39]

with that.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:40]

And then, like I said, switching between the different modes in the hearing aid app, like, for outdoors or the right setting is

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:49]

easier. The other cool thing is the battery widget shows me the battery of my hearing aids.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:54]

So they're rechargeable lithium ions as opposed to, like, the regular,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:59]

you know, hearing aid batteries that you buy in the store. And so that's kinda cool to be able to do that, keep track of that. That's cool. That's very cool. I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:08]

I've been impressed. So, like, I I follow developer stuff. Right? Because that's that's what I do. And I've been impressed with some of the things I've seen Apple do on

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:17]

on the braille side with the phone. I think, John, you and I, we we had that video that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:22]

with the Braille keyboard. I think I linked that in a show note somewhere. Yeah. Because we talked about it previously. I am always impressed by

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:29]

the the level of thought that I I it seems that Apple puts into some of these things.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:34]

I think it's it's interesting. Accessibility

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:36]

in general seems to be a thing that Apple cares deeply about,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:40]

as well as health,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:42]

which then segues me into my last question, I think, you for tonight,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:46]

Dan Chaz. When are you getting your Apple Watch?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:42:49]

So I just got,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:42:51]

at Christmas time, a new Android Wear watch.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:42:54]

Wait. Wait. Wait. You can't can you use that with your iPhone? Yes. You can. Wear OS works. Oh. Yep. And I'm able to this is when I talk about the seamless transition.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:43:03]

Google Fit, which is kinda what I use to keep my pedometer and anything like that where I will go walk around town, I can sync that right up to my iPhone. So this is part of the,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:43:13]

you know, the simplicity of the transition from Android to iOS that I really appreciate was convenient.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:43:19]

So, yeah, Wear OS is still available on iOS,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:43:23]

essentially. Wear OS used to be called Android Wear. Okay. So Now

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:28]

I'm gonna ask a really revealing question. Are you on Concordia plan?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:31]

Yep. Okay. So your health insurance is through Concordia plan. In case you didn't know, you can get an Apple Watch through them at a heavily discounted rate.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:39]

Really? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Bunch of my friends bunch of my teacher friends who are in Concordia plan have gotten Apple watches at a at a discount rate. There are a couple different tiers that you can depending how much you wanna pay and and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:51]

I I I don't know anything about Android Wear Wear OS. All I'll say is that I think as far as a wearable goes, like, you're in this ecosystem, man. You the momentum

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:02]

is behind you. Right? You're leaving your old life behind,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:05]

and and the next natural evolution is probably AirPods, but then an Apple Watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:44:10]

Right? Because you need to get our message notifications when you wanna play Overwatch on your wrist.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:16]

There you go. I get those. I get those. Okay. On on Wear OS, you do? Yep. Yep. Interesting. It comes through. Yeah. I I was kinda again, I was really surprised.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:26]

I wouldn't have made the jump to

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:28]

iOS had I known

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:30]

had had had Wear OS not worked. So that was another

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:34]

get me in the door kind of kinda thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:37]

So Well and now your bubbles are blue, so you're never going back.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:41]

I'm gonna give you I'm gonna just give you kind of a closing closing moments here. Do you would you like on this podcast to recant your former life

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:50]

and renounce Android once and for all?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:53]

I renounce

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:55]

the tablets

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:57]

that Android has

**SPEAKER_2** [01:44:59]

made over the years. They are evil. You should stay away from them and just get an iPad or a Fire tablet for your children. Oh my goodness. Might be better. But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:07]

I renounce I renounce Android tablets.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:11]

I do not

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:13]

agree that there are any compelling Android options on the market right now and that an iPhone is your best choice for a smartphone

**SPEAKER_1** [01:45:20]

Oh. As we record this on 03/16/2021.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:45:26]

May this day live in it for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:45:28]

Sometime we'll have to talk about Kindle Kindle Fire devices because I've I've got a I've got a mostly hate, slightly love relationship with that, but we'll save that for another time, another episode. I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:45:39]

Dancers, any closing thoughts now that I've grilled you for an hour and a half or so?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:48]

No. I I don't know. I think that there

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:52]

there's a lot to learn in the transition. It's not it's not easy.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:57]

I I was a little overwhelmed at how many

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:02]

how many

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:04]

Apple native Apple apps there actually are. And then one of the things that to to consider if you are doing it is,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:12]

like you alluded to,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:14]

it's a gateway into a whole ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:16]

And I that was a scary thing the first day or two.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:21]

It it really was because there was, like, now you gotta get into this. Now you're getting into this. And I'm still two weeks in. There's things you're mentioning in this conversation. Like, I don't know what that is yet. So it takes it takes time to make that transition.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:32]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:33]

I think

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:35]

but I but I think that, you know,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:38]

it can be learned. It can be it can be simple. Like because I I think the thing that I'm getting at is that it's not just gonna be like, oh, I have an iPhone,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:47]

and I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:49]

you know, this to me is a productivity tool. It's a professional tool. My previous Android phones were professional tools.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:55]

As much as my wife will tell you, all I do is sit around and play clash of clans.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:59]

It actually was a significant professional tool. And so learning to use the iPhone in that way is

**SPEAKER_2** [01:47:06]

is more than just well, I got my first iPhone

**SPEAKER_2** [01:47:10]

like a 16 year old kid. No. A tough to to get into the ecosystem and then to try to wield it as a professional tool is it's an integration process, but,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:47:21]

yeah, I'm starting to get it little by little. Good deal. Good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:25]

Johnny, you got any any closing thoughts?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:28]

I've got I've got no thoughts. We're talking about phones. My phone is old and now has a more up to date iPhone than I do. So Oh. When you finally replace your phone, it will be the shortest episode of the podcast ever, John, because you'll turn it on and that'll be the extent of it. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:47:45]

Right. But I won't start from the beginning like some of our friends do.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:51]

Mark, Oh. That was directed at you if you didn't get it. Alright. Hey. I wanna say one thing. I wanna say one thing.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:47:58]

I was listening to your podcast from a couple weeks ago,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:01]

and,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:02]

I have to say that it is

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:04]

a real event that I literally

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:07]

blow a gasket

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:09]

when you can't remember

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:10]

a name or a detail. You don't know how many times I screamed out road to perdition.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:16]

Oh. Tom Hanks, Jude Law, Daniel Craig. Come on. I I don't know what it is, man. That trivia, like, it slips my mind in the moment and it it's it's so yeah. It's probably just as frustrating for me as it is for you. I almost threw my iPhone off the car. Oh, don't do that. We'll be back on an Android and we'll have to do a whole another episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:34]

Alrighty.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:35]

Good deal. Well, Dan says, thank you so much for joining us on the podcast tonight. I really appreciate it. We'll have to figure out

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:42]

what what the next thing. Maybe when you make the transition to Mac, we'll have you back.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:47]

How's that? Oh, there you go. Alright. There's an incentive, Good deal. Good deal. Alright. On that note,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:52]

this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:12]

Okay, John. So we

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:14]

are gonna talk about Marvel,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:16]

not in the podcast, but still part of the podcast. We're gonna do it, like, covert, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:20]

Post credits. Post credits. Yeah. So we got a text message from listener of the show friend friend of the show and listener, Joe Taylor, who is a high school teacher at a Lutheran High School here in Indianapolis. You've met him. I've met him. We've had hamburgers and beer together.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:35]

He's good people. He's good people. Yeah. He's also he listens to us when he's in the shower, which I still don't know how I feel about. Kinda weird. Yeah. It's it's a little we we have to bring it up every time we talk about it. Do. Right? Like, hey hey, Joe. Joe, I hope

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:47]

I hope the water's warm, buddy. Alright. No. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:50]

he's Hopefully, the shower is done by the time he gets here. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:56]

so he,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:57]

I guess,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:59]

was listening to our last WandaVision episode

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:02]

where we cover the finale with Patrick. And apparently apparently, this bothered him, I guess. I mean, I I how would you describe these texts?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:50:11]

I don't know that he was bothered.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:14]

Was he? I mean, he was very adamant that my characterization of Wanda was not correct. I think I think that's Because

**SPEAKER_1** [01:50:20]

Wanda is a celebrity crush.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:23]

Oh, you think that's why it is? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:27]

So I basically said that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:29]

mister Taylor, Joe Taylor's

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:31]

celebrity crush was the villain of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:34]

and and this bothered him. And apparently, he was, I guess, in class. I thought he taught during class, but apparently, he was He was an art teacher. I. So maybe the students were drawing. I go go do your pottery at the pottery wheel or whatever. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:50]

so, like, I guess, a kid or student some somebody asked him, like, hey, what what mister Taylor, what's going on? Is everything okay? Like, you know, something it looks like something serious is happening.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:59]

And apparently, mister Taylor must have explained

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:02]

the the frustration around WandaVision. I happen to know that his his students

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:06]

did plan to watch as like a a group

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:10]

group watching whatever you call it. Part of watch party. That's what's called. Watch party.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:15]

Wandavision one through eight, and then when nine dropped, nine. So, like, they're they're all investing this.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:20]

We have a fan theory from a student of his that we will just call DC is just okay, boy. I didn't choose that name. He didn't. We're we're just gonna go with it. I wanted to read this theory, and then we could just reflect on this for a minute. And we we still have Danches on the line, so we can get his take. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:37]

During the second credit edit excuse

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:40]

me. During the second end credit scene,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:43]

we see Wanda studying the dark hold.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:46]

She then hears her children screaming,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:48]

and she wipes the screen

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:50]

with a flash of red. The music playing when they zoom in on the cabin is the doctor strange theme. Remember that for later.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:58]

My theory, this again, this is d c's just okay boy. My theory is that she heard them from a different

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:04]

dimension.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:05]

Possibly a demonic dimension

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:07]

scene as she was reading the freaking dark hole. It's all in caps. I I'm imagine me yelling it at you. There's lots of exclamation points.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:14]

This could send her going on a journey looking for her children in different dimensions, universes, and accidentally releasing different demonic beings on the way. We know that Wanda will be in Doctor Strange two. This could be the plot for Doctor Strange in the multiverse of madness, where he needs to go and fix these universes while simultaneously stopping these demons,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:32]

possibly with the help of Spider Man since Doctor Strange is confirmed to appear in No Way Home.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:38]

This could lead to the confirmation of the supposed villain, Nightmare, and the appearance of Mephisto who is tricking her into doing all this by using pieces of his soul to make fake children to send her on this disastrous

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:50]

run. This would also fulfill the prophecy that the Scarlet Witch would destroy the world,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:54]

it just won't be the main world that we know. It could possibly be the destruction of an alternate universe where

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:00]

Reed Richards and the rest of the Fantastic Four live. This would be cool because the human torch was involved in the West Coast Avengers comics, the comics that the events of WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:09]

were heavily inspired by. Now I wanted to Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:53:13]

Yeah. Two things. Okay. One, DC is just okay, boy. Should, like, write opening sequences to, like, the Clone Wars animated series,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:53:22]

and you should be the voice actor for those. Oh. Because I think you drew some inspiration

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:26]

from that. I I will But continue on. I I will say, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:30]

the reason I wanted to read this, right, is because when I got this sent

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:34]

to me, I was like, wow. This is well thought out, well written, well said,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:39]

and DC is just okay, boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:41]

If if you have more compelling thoughts about the Marvel Cinematic Universe, I I'm I'm hoping you're gonna be a listener now if you made it to the first hour and a half with Sanchez.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:52]

I send send them send them away. I'm not Android user.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:57]

Wait. Wait. D d c is just okay. Boy, is the Android user. That's what you're saying? Yeah. Oh, man. I wonder. I wonder. What do what do you think, John? What do you think of the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:54:06]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:06]

So this kind of fits with what what I was saying. Right? Because I thought the cabin was, like, where doctor Strange would show up or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:14]

And I I was holding that hope that he was gonna show up in that last end credit scene.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:18]

Yeah. Cool stuff. It dumps into a bunch of, like, comic stuff that I have no idea what's going on with nightmare and Mephisto and stuff like that, but I'll enjoy the ride. Enjoy the ride. Sanchez, what what do you make of this, man?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:32]

Yeah. It's consistent with the rest of Marvel's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:34]

happenings. It's not a coincidence that

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:40]

with Ant Man and,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:42]

Quantumania

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:43]

that probably something with the quantum realm is gonna trigger,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:48]

King the Conqueror, Mortis,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:50]

that crew to to propel into this

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:53]

universe where you have then Wanda also

**SPEAKER_2** [01:54:57]

through what she's doing

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:00]

also

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:02]

pulling a bad through another dimension like that. So Now you just dropped you just dropped two villain names that are not in the MCU. Are you are you a comic nerd? Not yet. Are you a comic nerd?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:13]

I'm I I used to read quite a bit of the Spider Man ones, especially the the Carnage storylines from back in the nineties and and the mid nineties, like '95

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:24]

and 1997,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:25]

that range. So I I know the the Carnage storylines pretty well on the Spider Man comics. Oh, yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:31]

I I And then I watched, of course, x many animated series. Man. Have you have you rewatched on Disney plus? I have. Some of it. Not not all of it. Like, to me, the the the the pinnacle of of my childhood,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:46]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:49]

glory was the the the sentinel battle with Oh, yeah. You know. Oh, that's glorious. So I I showed that to my kids, and they were totally sucked in. It's so funny because the animation, right, like, it just it's not what we expect now

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:02]

by any stretch, but it is so good, man. It's just such a great show.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:08]

I thought it was interesting that DC's Just Okay, Boy draws in the villain nightmare. I don't actually remember I think Patrick dropped this in the last episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:16]

This is another Mephisto tie in. I can't tell. I've been I've been debating about this all week, since we got this, actually. I want Mephisto to be a bad guy in doctor strange.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:27]

I so bad. I I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:30]

And I can't decide at this point if the MCU is trying to draw us there,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:36]

or if fanboys everywhere just want it to happen, and that's where the inertia's coming from.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:56:41]

You know? And may maybe Sometimes, I I think you would do well in, like, MCU fan theory subreddits.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:49]

Yeah. I here's the thing, though. I if I go on to Reddit and I start reading that kind of stuff, I'm like, have a you playing competitive Overwatch. Yeah. Yeah. Well

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:58]

and we we should probably do that. The three of us, I we haven't played today, so we're we're overdue. Scott

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:04]

Scott Derrickson, the director of the first

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:07]

doctor Strange,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:09]

heavily alluded to that he wanted Nightmare as the villain in

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:14]

doctor Strange two. But so he's left the project. So, you know, we don't know

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:19]

what happened there if they, you know, tried to supplant villains there or something. So we'll see. So they I mean, they gotta be in post production

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:26]

for sure by now. Like, they're done with all principal photography.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:30]

That come Yeah. Doesn't or no. Comes out next year. So maybe they still do a principal photography to do.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:38]

I didn't realize he left the project. Do you know why?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:41]

No. There was a creative difference, and then they replaced him with the director of the Spider Man's movies.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:46]

Spider Man one, Spider Man two's, Sam Raimi. Right? Okay. Right. This

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:51]

is this is clicking, which are both very well told stories. I think the the the concern I have with this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:58]

interweaving

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:59]

of Spider Man and Doctor Strange is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:02]

they set up the third movie at the end of the second, and it doesn't sound like they're gonna go down that story line right now because of the the lead into multiverse or the multiverse of madness.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:14]

I worry about that. Right? Because I think that they had some

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:17]

some nice

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:18]

nice setups there.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:21]

Yep. I wonder if the multiverse is actually kind of a big tease. If it's just gonna be if it's gonna be the corner that they go into in doctor Strange, and that's the closing of that book.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:31]

Everybody wants it to be so much bigger,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:34]

but I I think that they're gonna they're gonna close that. They're gonna take it into doctor Strange. It's gonna close, and then they're gonna get into

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:41]

k ing

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:43]

the conqueror here. Well That's gonna be their

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:46]

where they go. Yeah. No. No. I think I think you're onto something there because one of the things I worry about with the multiverse is,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:53]

you know, Disney up until what last week when when Avatar re released in in China,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:59]

had the the highest grossing

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:02]

movie of all time in Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:04]

And Endgame, like, it teased the multiverse,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:07]

but it principally focused on the Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:10]

traditional superhero,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:12]

you know, stuff. And then a little bit of I mean, not a little bit. A lot of time travel. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:17]

And and time travel is safe. Like, you can make good content around time travel. As as Star Trek that is, like, cash that chip in too many times, quite frankly.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:26]

And I I worry that the multiverse of madness is just like, or the multiverse in general is too weird

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:32]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:33]

the kind of ticket sales that they wanna have.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:37]

We're like, I nerd about it, but is is everybody

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:41]

else going to? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:43]

But what do they need? They're developing so much content that,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:47]

you know, they don't need

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:49]

their phases are gonna be so large

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:51]

that they can all be the same thing. So so, like, these three things, WandaVision

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:57]

to

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:57]

Doctor Strange Multiverse Madness to maybe Spider Man,

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:01]

you guys go to this storyline together,

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:03]

and then it'll resolve at a certain point. And then they'll come back to the main storyline, which I think will be king and conqueror. Oh, by the way, I think, you know, it will be interesting to see where Loki falls in this because that's also gonna deal with, you know, potential time stuff. Yep. So I think that what they're trying to do is branch off into, like,

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:22]

sub like,

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:24]

three show movie subplots.

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:26]

Like, you three you three are gonna do this. You three are gonna do that, and then we'll all come back for a big old Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:33]

something like that. Yeah. I mean, it's it's it's the face scenario. Right? I think the problem is that, at least right now, each of these movies is gonna have to bank a bill. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:41]

they're they're the stakes are too high for the amount of cash that they're funneling into the production of these. So I I

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:49]

I'm sure DC is just okay, boy, has has watched the recent Flash TV show. Have have either of you caught that?

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:56]

No. No? Okay. So there's a lot of multiverse type stuff that goes on in the Flash, right, with multiple earths and whatnot. And I think I I enjoyed that show,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:06]

but when it got into the multiverse and and, like, different dimensions and all this,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:11]

you just you lose a lot of people. It's hard to it's hard to keep keep their their attention. It's too much to, like, wrap your brain around.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:18]

So there's a lot of risk here. There's lot of risk. And but I'm hedging my bets, man. I I want DC's Just Okay Boys fan theory here to be the one.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:29]

alright. I think that's enough Marvel for for one episode. What do you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [02:01:33]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:34]

Sounds good. Until next time. We'll see y'all.

**SPEAKER_1** [02:01:38]

Later.
