---
title: End of Year Music and Shipping
episode: 112
date: "2020-12-10T14:42:34.000Z"
slug: end-of-year-music-and-shipping/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation between Stan and Joe Taylor revolves around their frustrating
  experiences with online shopping, including delayed transactions, incorrect
  holds on credit cards, and issues with local retailers. They discuss how these
  problems affect their budgets and financial planning for the holiday season.
  The conversation touches on the idea of supporting local businesses, but also
  emphasizes the importance of not going out of one's way to shop at places they
  wouldn't normally visit.
keywords:
  - online shopping
  - delayed transactions
  - credit card holds
  - local retailers
  - budgeting
  - financial planning
  - holiday shopping
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright. So a couple years back, we raised money for a good cause and sent podcast stickers out. We met our goal that year, but we still have a bunch of stickers left. We decided A lot. We can't refresh our logo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

until we unload these, and we want your help.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

So 2020 has been a year like no other. John and I are very fortunate this Christmas, but we know that many aren't. Many folks are struggling to put food on the table, and we want to encourage you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

our dear listener, to consider helping them out by making a donation to your local food pantry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

If you don't know where that is, we suggest you check out feedingamerica.org,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

a network of food pantries across the country. Personally, this year, I'm gonna be giving the Gleaners here in Indianapolis. It's the local branch of Feed America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

And I'm gonna be giving to Olivet Neighborhood Mission,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

which is here in Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

Look, we don't need to know how much she gave, but if you shoot us a tweet or an email and just let us know that you support your local food pantry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

we'll send you one of our podcast stickers as a token of our appreciation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

This Christmas, help your community and those in need, and thank you for listening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

We're starting to get podcast stats. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

We are. I mean, we've gotten podcast stats for a while, but Spotify does this big unwrapped thing which you wouldn't know because you use Apple Music. But it tells you, like, your most listened to songs and artists and things that you missed that were popular and things like that. Alright. Okay. Hold on. Back up. Back up. You're right. I don't use Spotify. I'm all in an Apple. Tell me what unwrapped is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

it is a end of the year summary

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

your Spotify activity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

Does doesn't Spotify give you like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

it's wait. Hold on. It's not a playlist. It's it's it's just like a page of the There

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

a couple playlists that are part of this. So they have a playlist of your most listened to songs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

playlist of missed hits,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

all kinda customized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

Don't you get that, like, weekly or something, though?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

No. So there is a weekly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

playlist that they think you'll like full of music that you like.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

And every Monday, that releases.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

yeah, it's customized based on what songs you've liked and what you listen to called the discover weekly playlist. Okay. But that that's introduced you to new music. I'm talking about just like Right. My favorites. Right? You don't there's you don't have anything like that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

No. Not weekly. Oh, see? Okay. Well, Apple Music does that, John. So I'm never surprised at the end of the year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

Got it. Alright. But but it's it's more than just a playlist. There's like a statistics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

kinda element to it. Is that right? Yeah. They do like this landing page thing, and it talks about how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

many hours of music you've listened to, number of artists, things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

See that that listen to total, that is also just in Apple Music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

I I gotta say, I still don't understand why you haven't made the switch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

Because Spotify is cheaper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

But but it's it's not though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

Why not? Well, how much do you pay a month?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

$10? Yeah. That's for an individual account. That's what you pay for Apple Music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

John. Alright. I don't know. I I don't really like the music app either on iOS or on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

macOS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

And initially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:01]

I didn't switch because it wasn't supported by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:05]

Amazon Echo, but I believe that has since been fixed. I thought you were given up Amazon Echo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:11]

Yeah. I'm real close.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

But I gotta like, I gotta swap out my garage door opener and all my smart plugs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

You'll get there. You'll get there. I I digress. So so Spotify does these statistics about the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

They did it for the podcast, which I was shocked by. I don't believe they did this last year. Okay. And in Spotify, I don't even know. Like, Spotify has got their own directory of podcast, and you submitted Absolutely. Ours to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

I've submitted our podcasts everywhere. If you know of some place we aren't, then let me know, and we'll get on there too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

I I try not to use the Internet, so I I wouldn't have any other places. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

the so you sent me this link, and I guess, does this mean anybody can see what you listen to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

Yeah. Alright. Like, it's a big thing that people share their things. I actually didn't get the email for my personal listening yet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

but I have a playlist. So I'll have to track down that link somehow. Okay. So setting aside the fact that, like, these things just being publicly available to whoever might be like a privacy thing, whatever, that's not Spotify's business that is Apple's. This was kinda cool though to see about the podcast statistics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

Right. What what was the most surprising to you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

That people actually listen on Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

Well, there's that. Yeah. I mean, you don't listen to your podcast on Spotify, do you? I do not. Recently, I don't really listen to podcasts, but generally, it's been an overcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

Yeah. It's I mean, we we talked a little bit about that, I think, last week. We'll probably get into that again. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

I was surprised at the the country

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

representation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

So so this listed seven countries in particular. You actually told me after the fact that our official podcast stats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

have something like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

what, 30 different countries represented?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

Yeah. It's a lot. And then I think I sent you a list of the top ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

Yeah. I I guess I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

just assumed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

that we're basically a Midwest podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

but but we're not. Like, we've we've got representation. This this is blowing my mind. We this is showing Europe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

I guess it's Russia

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

and The Middle East.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

I mean, who who would have thought?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:28]

But our second

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

most popular country

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

is Germany.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

Maybe because it's my last name is Kolmeier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

I can see that. You know, our forefathers, I've got I've got German heritage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

This this shows listener gains year over year. They're just percentages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

So I thought this was kinda cool. I mean, there's we had a 275%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

increase in listenership on Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

Yep. Granted, we don't know the numbers. So there there could be it could be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

three people,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

and and we're we've got nine now. But you know? I know the numbers, Stan. Okay. Well, don't tell me. I don't wanna know. That's part of the deal. That's part of the deal. So I I don't know. This is kinda cool. I I digged it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

I don't know, like, from a philosophical standpoint how I feel about Spotify and podcasts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

but I'll take it. Do you know offhand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

do they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

do they, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

download our podcast to their servers and then stream that to people, or do they actually stream it from our site to them?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

That's a good question. It doesn't show up. I mean, it might show up under other as far as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

podcast client,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

but it does not show up as Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

Interesting. Well, we'll have to we'll have to do some research on that. Oh, we had one listener listening through Opera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

I didn't know that anybody still uses Opera. Holy smokes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

On October 19. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

what a what a 2020 thing to do. Use a ancient old,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

dying browser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

so speaking of 2020, this this was the other thing I found interesting in this one. We we I could have totally found this out, but I I just I didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

one of the the I don't know what you call this, a slide or whatever, said that we dropped a 100 or excuse me, one thousand two hundred and twenty two minutes of content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

over 32 episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

Did that surprise you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

Not really. We took a break in between there. Not the episode count. Yeah. We took The hundred twenty two. One thousand two hundred twenty two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

Sure. I don't know what that actually is. All I know is I record.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

Sometimes our episodes are closer to an hour. Most of the time, they're closer to thirty minutes. What what this would come out to is we averaged about thirty eight minutes per episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

That sounds like a sweet spot. Yeah. It it does. I what I think what surprises me is I don't ever think about it all added up. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

you know, this is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

this is, like, twenty hours worth of content, 20,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

and maybe a little more after we drop this. That's that's like a book. You know? That's like a good book. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

So I don't know about good, but Oh, come on now, John. We'd beat the best of books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

I've got my yearly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:12]

unique downloads

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:14]

based on client.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

So Apple Podcasts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

is our most popular

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

client

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

followed by Overcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

And then I don't know what this m j 12 bot is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

Probably not a good thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

No?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:30]

Well, we'll look at that. That might be Chrome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

But Apple Watch comes in at number six.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

Have you ever listened to anything directly from your Apple Watch? So I have not. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

missus Lemon went for a run recently, and I let her use my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

Beats Pro. I'd like just said, you know, I've got the AirPods Pro, I use these. And in the course of setting that up, was like, why don't why don't you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

put the things you wanna use actually on your Apple Watch? Now, she uses Overcast, so she actually used the Overcast Apple Watch app, which is kludgy to say the least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

But it works. And so she actually went for a run with just the Apple Watch and the Beats headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

Nice. So she's done that. I haven't I don't have any reason to do that. Like, this is this is the thing I always come back to when I buy an Apple Watch. Why would I buy the cellular only version?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

Because I always have my phone with me. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

So and I don't I don't listen to music or podcasts or anything when I'm riding my bike because I'm on the street with cars, they're probably trying to kill me. So, you know Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

Yeah. Not safe. No. Generally not. I'd like if you could find a bike path or something and you're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

you know, relatively protected that way, I think that's that's fine. Like, you know, go for it. But you don't you don't wanna be on a road with headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

That's Right. That's just bad. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

so it interesting, just kinda continuing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

the theme that we started last week about where you listen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

to podcasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

You you talked a little bit about what where you listen to podcasts. Yeah. You don't listen to our podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

I do, but but you don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

Correct. Yeah. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

get a pass. Right? Like, it it would help our downloads if you subscribed and downloaded it, but but you get a pass. Super

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

super listener Liz,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

your sister,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

apparently

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

She doesn't like the Marvel episodes. Yeah. She doesn't like I don't know how she feels about the Apple episodes. So she's a super listener minus the Marvel episodes. And we've actually we we've peeled back on the Marvel episodes largely for Liz's benefit, really.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

And the fact that there's been no new Marvel content released. There is that. Although in January Still waiting on Black Window. In January, we're gonna get WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

I don't see how we don't talk about that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

Right. So That could be either really good or really bad. So hard to say. So hard to say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

But you know what? It'll be better than any other Marvel content we got in 2020. I know that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

Right. That's for sure. Alright. So you wanna talk about where she listens to episodes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

So she told us she listens while folding laundry, washing dishes, or cooking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

You know, like this has a bit of overlap with when I listen to podcasts too. Think just household chores in general. Probably pretty common thing in 2020.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:17]

So you cook occasionally. Yeah. But have you ever done laundry

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:21]

in your life? In my life? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:24]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:25]

Since college?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

A couple of times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

Washing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

dishes. How often do you do that, Stan? Well, we have a dishwasher. I will load it and unload it periodically. However, as of late, I have been employing the kids to do such things. There you go. So Brilliant. But I I'm not Absolutely. I'm gonna sit here and take claim for most dish duty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

That's the kids, and then missus Lemon is is really probably doing the bulk of it. I should do more. I I'll I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

I'll acknowledge that. I'll acknowledge that. I also probably should contribute to the laundry. Missus Lemon does not want me touching her laundry machine at the moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

and it is what it is. So this is interesting because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

I do the most laundry probably. I also bought the washing machine and dryer and made sure that they were Wi Fi enabled.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

Dishes, we divide and conquer. So missus Kollmeyer will usually wash the dishes that need washing. We also have a dishwasher so that gets loaded. But I will tend to dry the dishes because missus Colemeyer is a perfectionist and can never get them quite dry enough for her liking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

Okay. On

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

for me, dishes are are, like, totally utilitarian. I'm just trying to get it over and done with and move on to the next thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

Yep. On laundry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

I don't I don't I really don't know what it is. Actually, I should say this is true for the dishwasher too. Something about those machines

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

confuse the heck out of me. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

they're they're about as complicated as, like, a a DVD player or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

or and I don't have a VHS player, but, like, that kind of thing. Like, they're just confusing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

We used to call VHS players VCRs. VCRs. Thank you. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

Ain't that a blast from the past? Do you still have a VCR?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

I do not. Yeah. I I don't think I've ever personally owned one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

But but no. The like, my my challenge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

with washing machines is actually a long standing issue,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

dating back to our first washing machine that we owned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

in our first home. So this is like circa 02/2007,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

02/2008.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

This is before Lucy was born.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

My wife went on a trip. I think it was like a Deaconess conference or something. And I was left home alone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

enough clothes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

Actually, this must have been after Lucy was born.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:55]

Because I was I was working in an office. So Lucy would have been with Sarah. But the the point is that I was home alone. I was working in an office. I had exactly the number of khakis I needed to get me through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

a week if I I think I had to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

wear the same pair twice or something like that. Right? Like, you know, when you're in an office all day, like, I didn't go anywhere, rewearing pants two days in a row. It's not it's not gross. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

Sure. Oh my gosh. This guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

So the the problem is that at lunch Are there offices like that anymore, especially in the age of COVID? COVID? What what do mean? Offices where you wear pants?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

Well, where you have to, like, wear khakis or business casual, whatever that means. Oh, I'm I'm I'm sure they exist. I'm sure they exist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

Okay. I don't know where, but I'm sure they exist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

But but I wore I wore khakis, and I went into the office,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

and I was eating lunch, and I I'm pretty sure it was mustard. I squirted, like this is is totally out of a commercial. Right? I squirted a huge amount of mustard directly on my pants.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

Okay? And so you can't you can't wear you can't wear pants with a very visible stain on the top of your leg two days in a row. Like, people are gonna notice that. Right? Not to mention, like, mustard stains always raise questions. You know? Is that mustard, or is it something else? And you never want someone to ask that question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

So I did the only thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

that a man as incompetent and capable as I am with washing machines could do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

I bought a new pair of pants. I bought two new pairs. The exact same pair of pants at JCPenney,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

and then I didn't tell missus Lemmon. Do those exist anymore? Hey. That's well, I think you can I think you can return

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

Amazon boxes there? Or is that Kohl's? That might be Kohl's. That's Kohl's. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

I I don't know. Maybe they exist. So the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

but I I bought these two pair of pants. They were just like all the other pairs of pants I had, and then I reinserted them into the laundry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

I didn't say anything about it. Right? Because I didn't wanna get caught. I've I was embarrassed. I still am embarrassed telling this story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

However, I got caught as soon as missus Lemon did the laundry and noticed that there were suddenly two more pairs of pants than I was supposed to own. And that that in of itself raises questions, like, do you just acquire pants randomly?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

Fortunately for me, I I bought them. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

Right. And and I Crazy. I learned how to use this laundry machine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

I guess it was a year or year ago or two years ago when missus Lemon had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

the the surgery on her foot, and she was laid up in bed for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

I I needed to do laundry. So I learned how to beforehand, and I did laundry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

during that window of time. I have not done it since.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

I have volunteered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

Missus Lemon just doesn't want me in the laundry room. It's okay. I respect that. I understand why too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

So Liz Liz, since I'll do laundry dishes and cooking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

Yeah. That was a long way around. Yeah. You you talked to you talked to your father-in-law, Mark, pastor Buto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

he told you how he listens too. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

Yep. He always listens while driving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

Did you happen to ask where in 2020 he might be driving?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

I did not, but probably a game store. Oh, they okay. Alright. So you think he goes to the game store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

once a week and has 30 At least. Thirty thirty thirty to forty five minutes of drive time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

Yeah. I believe that. Okay. Alright. I'll I'll I'll take it. I'll accept it. I'll accept that. And then, I got a surprise tweet. I I actually didn't know that my friend Matt Frick listens to the podcast. I was very happy to learn that. But he told me that he also listens while doing dishes, and apparently, he recently bought an elliptical and and listens to podcasts on the elliptical too. So that's kinda cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

Have you started the elliptical yet? Is it too cold to walk outside? It it is too cold to walk outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

It it's funny you asked this because Evelyn, literally this morning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

she came into the bedroom, and she jumped on the elliptical, little Evelyn Evelyn, and and started, like, going back and forth. Right? And she asked when she was done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

She,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

you know, the huffing and puffing. Oh, that was a good workout.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

and she said to me, daddy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

why don't you exercise anymore?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

I was I was reading the news at this moment, and I looked at her and just said, it doesn't work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

And and Sarah slapped me in the arm in the arm. But no. I I I actually really enjoy the elliptical. I I just I I do it in spurts. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

So I'm definitely on one of those stretches of time where I'm not on the elliptical. And I I think I think it really comes down to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

We go through phases where missus Lemon, who's a night owl, likes to stay up later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

The later she stays I can't go to sleep until she's asleep. It's just it's order of operations. Right. Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

you are not a sound sleeper as we established when you bought a new bed. You you got it. You got it. So if she goes to bed really late, then I go to bed really late, and then, you know, I need I need seven hours and forty two minutes of sleep. And so if I don't get Exactly. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've got I've got data. I've got data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

that pushes the time that I wake up back, and then invariably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

I don't have enough time to exercise, shower, go to work. I just have enough time to shower, go to work. So that's real that's really what determines whether or not I get on the elliptical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

How many steps between your bed and work?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

You know, I actually don't know the answer to that. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

mean, there's what? Like, eight actual stairs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

Oh, I think it's I think it's more than eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

Is it more? Yeah. I I would I would say 14.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

Anyhow, so so to Mark, Matt, and Liz who reached out and told us how you listen to the show, greatly appreciate it. Thank you. Before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

we Not as weird as listening in the shower like Joe Taylor, which kicked us off. Truth. Truth. Yeah. If anybody can top that, you'd let us know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

I also wanted to just give a shout out to Katie Schwitz who posted about us on Instagram

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

and and referenced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

the the podcast. So I thought that was that was pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:09]

I'm I I finally, like Not just referenced the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:13]

She said that it was her favorite podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

Yeah. I do you believe that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

Maybe if it's the only one she listens to. Yeah. That was kinda my thought too. But we we appreciate it nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

Katie. And you you shout out two weeks in a row. Look at that. I I gotta tell you this this whole Instagram story thing. I'm I'm I'm think I'm starting to get the hang of it. I posted several stories yesterday, and I'm I'm getting to the point now where I actually remember to click on people's icons at the top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

And you learned how to share stories between you and missus Lemon? Yeah. I had to change a security setting to do that, but, yeah, I did figure that out. So Got it. That seems kinda cool. You know? I don't the the same thing has showed up on Twitter, I don't know what to do with it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

that's I have not seen that. Well, you don't use the the Twitter client. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:02]

no. I don't use the client. I guess I'm usually in the browser now. Yeah. So I've only seen this on the app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

and it's it's at the top. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

don't really get a lot of stories popping up, but and I I don't think I posted one, at least not on purpose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:18]

You know what I wanna see make a comeback? What's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:22]

The lemon it's Friday dance party.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

Was that on Instagram? Did we show that on Instagram? That was on Instagram two weeks in a row. Oh, alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

Let's yeah. So that was to Rebecca Black's It's Friday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

and we have had to institute some rules around when you can sing that song.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

It is quite the eerie. Friday after work. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

Right

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

now, it's just Friday. Right? And and base basically, what happens if if you sing it on a day other than Friday, you lose your Nintendo privileges

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

for the week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

Does this apply to you as well? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

No. Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

the kids have rules never apply to me, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

The the kids have, a few times now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

caught me, and they've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

they've tried to tell me that I'm banned from the Switch, but it it just doesn't work. That's not how it works.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

Hey. Speaking of Switch, I got a Super Smash Brothers in the mail today. I think it came from my in laws as a Christmas present,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:27]

but there was no gift receipt. So I'm not certain on that, but we need to see if we can play

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

Smash Brothers online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

I that would be that would be a lot of fun. I think what would be even more fun is if we got the kids and you all to play simultaneously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

Right. Yeah. Do you think you could get Anna in on that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

Possibly. So We got her to play Mario Kart for a couple races. Truth truth be told, we could actually have you and Anna and my whole crew,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

and and somewhere out there is a sole person very alone tonight who would like to play Smash Brothers with us, because I believe we can do eight total.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

Nice. Yeah. So we'll have to try that out. That's that's a fun game. I I enjoy playing with them. I'm finally to a point where I don't I'm not fourth all the time. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:14]

that Do you always play Mario?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

No. No. No. I actually been playing Marth lately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

Yeah? Yeah. That's the other thing. My kids have unlocked so many different characters on Smash Brothers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

I I've got all kinds of options to choose from.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:29]

Nice. Does Henry play Pikachu? Pikachu always used to be my favorite. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

And Pikachu Pikachu can be pretty brutal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

Wendy Wendy Bowser, whatever. Wendy Wendy Cooper is one that Evelyn likes and just destroys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

people with Wendy Cooper. Nice. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

I've had good luck with Marth. Lucy likes to be the Wii trainer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

Nice. Yeah. Which is surprisingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

good. It's a that's a surprisingly powerful character. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

yeah. What's what's your character choice, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

Man, I haven't played it for a while, it used to be Pikachu or Link. Do you have both of them? Have you unlocked both of them right now?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

I have not played the Switch version. Oh. Well, why are we oh

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

my gosh. Sorry, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

Alright. Hey. So speaking of mail, have you have you gotten all your Christmas shopping done? Are you, like, all done with that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

No. I haven't started. You haven't started?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

Well, I guess I've started, but not in-depth at all. Jonathan, it is the eighth of this we're recording the December 8. This will come out on the December 10. You if you don't get your shopping done, you're not gonna get anything on time unless you go in person, and I know you're not gonna go into a store in person. Hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

Christmas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

is twelve days long,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

ending on January 5. So as in your mind, as long as you get it to them, whoever whoever they are, by January 5, it that's okay? That's kosher?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

But I might even extend that into the epiphany season, because it was the wise guys who brought the gifts. Oh, here we go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

so my mental mindset is if I cannot get if I cannot get a gift to a house by the twenty third,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

I have failed. That's the way I've that's the way I view Christmas gifts. Because some people open it on the twenty fourth. Right? Like, do their Christmas Eve thing, whatever. Some people do it on the twenty fifth, and I just wanna make sure that my gift, whatever it may be, arrives

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

so that, you know, whatever whatever their tradition is, they can embrace it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

I finished all of my Christmas shopping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

on November 30.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

It it astounds me how little has actually made it to people at this point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

and it's the December 8.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

So you're not you're not experiencing any of the shipping madness.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

So I have noticed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

missus Colmere's Christmas gift came today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

and it was delivered by UPS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

But the UPS driver was in, like, a Jeep, not the brown UPS truck.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

We we've, our UPS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

driver delivery person has similarly been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

cruising around in, think, a suburban. So I I think there's just augmentative staff. I've I've noticed much more augmentative staff this year than last, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

But but, dude, like, do you remember I told you I ordered those those headphones from Best Buy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

Yep. So I ordered those They haven't come yet. I think I ordered those on the twenty ninth. I think that was right. Missus Lemon is bringing stuff in right now. Yeah. That's those are that's Amazon Prime packages. So No. Or subscribe and save rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

No. I ordered those. I think it was on the twenty ninth, and the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

USPS picked it up on the thirtieth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

So the last update I have is that it departed Columbus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

Ohio on the December 3.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

And You can drive to Columbus in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

two hours?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

Three ish. I mean, depending what side of the city and and all that. Yeah. It's but it's not far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

The the thing the thing is, though, like, every day they go in and they update, they say in transit arriving late. Well, no kidding. It was supposed to be here up on the third,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

you know? Right. I I don't know, man. It's just it's bad. It's really bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

And it's not just that package. It's like all the things that I have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

ordered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

in the last two weeks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

are are late, and they're late by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

large margins.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

The the lights the lights the extra lights I ordered, on Home Depot. I think I ordered those on the twenty seventh. They're still not here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:31]

So I ordered fence pickets from Home Depot probably about a month ago. I received them, but I received those late.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

I've also had lots of problem with my Subscribe and Save items, specifically my furnace filters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

and my multivitamin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

Oh. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

not good. That's not good. No. And I I assume you're not like me where you actually have three months stashed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

and you're getting month four replenished when those things come in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

Correct. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

I actually with my with my furnace filters, I buy the whole year in one go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

Yeah. Yeah. So I get a two pack every six months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

You wait. Wait. Wait. You only replace your filter every three months?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

Okay then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

How often do you replace your filter? At first of the month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

Every month? Every month. Every month. I have it to Alright. I have to do item. I on the first of the month, I go downstairs and I replace the furnace filter and I check the softener salt. And I probably add softener salt every other month.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:35]

So the furnace filter seems

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:37]

a little overkill.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

How often do you replace your car air filter?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

When I remember. Of the car. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

I mean, here's the thing though. Right? Like, I'm in my house all the time, all day, every day. Right? So are the kids. I got five people here plus a dog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

It's it's all It's just me and the dog all day every day. Yeah. But it's I I tell you, man, my filter's always dirty when I pull it out. It's always got stuff So on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

and I use I think I use a MERV 12 or 13.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

One of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

I don't know what I use. You use this probably basically an eight and a half by 11 piece of paper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

I didn't go completely cheap. It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

rated for pet dander and stuff like that. Okay. Well, that's probably good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

Yep. Yeah. No. I I every month, it might be overkill, it might not. I got bad allergies. I got I got kids with allergies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

It seems like it's not that big of an expense to just replace. And when you buy all 12 of them at once, the per unit price is much lower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

Interesting. So Do you only have one filter?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

I do. Do you have okay. Yep. Because you have two zones. Right? I I do, but but it's just one furnace, and so the split on the zone is actually on the outbound of the furnace. So it's a Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

There's a control unit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

that each individual thermostat hooks up to. Back Very interesting. Not not this house or the previous house, but the the last house in Pittsburgh, I had two zones, and I had two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

separate furnaces,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

those I had to remember to switch individually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

One was in the basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

That was not a big deal. The other was in the attic, which meant that in the summer, it was too bloody hot, and in the winter, it was too bloody cold. So it was always just a little traumatic to change that filter for for the upstairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

Yeah. How do we get here? Christmas orders. Yeah. Shipping. Shipping in general. I mean, like, even even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

random Amazon packages are taken forever. I like, all this is backed up, and I think some of it's probably to be expected, like a lot of people are shipping, but man, I tell you what, we live in a world now where I expect to be able to get things the same day without having to get up out of my seat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

and this is this is a little jarring, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

It's sad. And and this is Two day shipping is no longer fast. Two two day shipping was too long, you know, last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

year. When I moved to Indianapolis, we had same day shipping on so much stuff on Amazon. It was it was like the coolest thing. And now, I don't even have same week shipping.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

Sad. How long until you swear off Amazon like you swore off Google?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

I don't know that that will ever happen, but I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

I've definitely shifted to it not being my default place to go order something anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

My my default this is just weird. My default is actually to look

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:30]

I go through Kroger, Home Depot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Lowe's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

although Lowe's is like way down on the list now, or Target,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

and see if they any of them have them in store,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

and then I'll actually do curbside pickup before I resort to an order online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

And an order online now lately, I'll go straight to the manufacturer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

before I go to a retailer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

I I just I've not had good luck, man. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

And you like driving more than I do, apparently. I don't mind it. It's not like I do it every day, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

you know, I I've got some podcasts that I need to listen to, and the drive to Target gives me an opportunity to listen to them. I really like highway driving, like, through the middle of nowhere Indiana to get to Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:14]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:16]

that's about it. I can't stand parking lots, especially during December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

Just because of how busy they are?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

Well, there's just a big amount of people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:27]

and people in large groups tend to not be the smartest people ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

Well, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

small groups too, but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

Well, I I I will say, like, parking lots in general are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

are just bad this time of year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

That said, though, when I when I go to these places, I generally choose off hours. So I either go super

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

late to, like, the Kroger, because people don't grocery shop super late. They'll go to Target super late, but they won't go to Kroger. And then something like Target. Right? I'll Target, like, 11AM or 01:30PM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

kinda thing, and just run out and run back. And I tell you what, man, the curbside pickup, I have had such a fantastic experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

with Target.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

Such a fantastic experience. I hit the little button before I leave the house, and I'm literally like pulling into my parking spot, and a lady is running at me with a shopping cart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

It's it's brilliant. It's inspired. So So Target win so far? I hands down, Target has the best curbside pickup of any retailer that I've used, and I have tried a ton.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:30]

I would say So Lowe's has been pretty good from us.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:34]

Best Buy was terrible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

I can't even imagine Best Buy. I I I don't like I don't I don't like going to Best Buy in the best of conditions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

But Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

Lowe's has been hit or miss. It really depends which one I I go to. So I went to one just west of where I live.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

You can actually kinda near where Joe Taylor lives and and had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

The one I went to closest to my house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

was infuriating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

I called. I texted. I used the app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

Nothing worked. I waited outside for, like, fifteen minutes. Then I went in the store, turns out that the person that was supposed to be manning this whole operation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

was gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

Talked to like three people, which is three people more than I wanted to talk to, which is the whole reason I did curbside pickup. Right? And, none of them could help me. They didn't know where the guy was. When he finally showed up, he's like, oh, do you have a receipt or any of this yada yada yada? And and I'm like, yeah. I mean, I've got my phone. My email is like, oh, hand me your phone. I'm not handing you my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

You know? Even in the best of times, I wouldn't hand you my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

Yep. So but it took it that that particular trip, though, took probably close to fifty minutes to get my package. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

it would have been faster to just go into Lowe's and get it yourself. Absolutely. It absolutely would have. Absolutely. Yeah. And I would've had less contact than I had with this particular curbside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

That's that's the other thing. Right? Like, one of the reasons I did this was to avoid contact with humans, and then I think I counted, like, 13 people I encountered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

Right? It's like, this defeated the purpose on so many fronts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

I don't know, man. I'm I'm hoping that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

shipping goes a little little like, shifts back to normal here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

as we as we get done. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

I'm definitely done ordering things for a bit though. I gotta let this is the other thing. I I know you don't like credit cards to begin with because of how long it takes for a transaction to clear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

Yep. This has never been a problem for me. I think I look at Mint less often than you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

but Probably true. So far, all of these things have been pending

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

for, like, a week or two weeks in some cases. Right? So so Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

doesn't seem to actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

clear their transactions until the last step of delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

So if I have a delivery that takes two weeks, they they put a hold on that amount, and it's just it's just weird. Messes with Just a server two weeks. Yeah. Like, I Like, just charge me. Yeah. Exactly. And I think part of the thing is, like, I really want that transaction. If I bought it in November, I want it on November's budget. November's. Right. You know? That's where the the problem comes in. The other thing that's tripped me up is Home Depot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

has put a hold for the whole amount of an order. But if they ship the order from three stores,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

they will,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

charge three different times

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

for for at each store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

for the amount of the thing that shipped from that store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

All the while still holding on to the clear transaction for the total amount.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:37]

That doesn't seem legal. I I don't I don't I don't know what's I don't know what's legal. I don't know what's right or wrong anymore. I'm just I'm lost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

But but again, with my with my budgeting and that's the other thing too. So Home Depot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

you know, I'm now I'm now into the second week on a stupid pair of Christmas lights,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:55]

and it's completely whacked out my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

my budget for the November, December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

It's it's just so frustrating, John. That Best Buy transaction, I tell I tell you about this one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

they on the receipt, they put down the price at a certain amount, and then they put the hold at a different amount. It was like $3 and some odd cents different. Yeah. Exactly. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

So then then they finally go to ship the thing and they clear it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

at the at the amount that was on the receipt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

I I didn't even know what was going on. I was so confused.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

Well, I guess you need to shop local, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

Yeah. I mean, there's yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:36]

I was thinking about this, and I kinda wanna dig into the nerdy economics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:40]

of, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

what shopping at local mom and pop shops actually does for the economy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

I mean, it helps out people that live in your community?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:51]

Yeah. But should I, like, go shop at a local

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:55]

place for Christmas gifts if I wouldn't normally go there anyway?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:00]

Like, I'm all for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:02]

supporting my breweries that I like to go to, things like that. Sure. Sure. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

how do I say this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

I think it is good to to use local

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

retailers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

whenever you can,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

but I don't think you should go out of your way to buy something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

from a local retailer that you would not want to buy. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

We when we were in Pittsburgh, we always bought gifts from Wendel August Forge, which they made beautiful, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

Christmas ornaments and things of that sort, and it was it's very, like, Pittsburgh thing as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

We we haven't done this since we moved partially because we're not we're not there, you know. Right. Well, we just actually Now you're ordering your gifts from Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Well, yeah. That's true. That's true. But but we used to, like, go into the store. So it was it was a whole thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

and that was, for us, something that made sense. It was local.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

It was also very Pittsburgh specific. I think that's the kind of thing, like, if you can do, you should do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

gifts gifts are tricky to begin with. You you referenced me ordering gifts from, Cedar Rapids. I I sent popcorn out to close friends and family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

from the almost famous popcorn company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:16]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

has the best popcorn, first of all, as well as the best price

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

and the best volume

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

of popcorn gifts. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

Iowa size servings. Yeah. They're they're legit. If if you're listening to this podcast and you have even the, like, slightest hint of love and affection for popcorn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

you should go right now to almostfamouspopcorncompany.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:39]

I think is what it is. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

I don't remember. Yeah. Well Like You Google it. You can Google it. It's almost famouspopcorn.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:47]

I'll link it in the show notes. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

and just order order some popcorn. Get get one of the build a box things. It is totally worth it. This stuff is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

I will say before we did this order to to friends and family this year, we did actually try out a couple of local popcorn places.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

They had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

acceptable product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

but the quantities were all smaller, the prices were all higher,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:11]

and I I think in this particular situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

it was really the product and price that won out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

You know, I would have loved to have found if there was an almost famous popcorn company in Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

I'd have been all over that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

I'd also probably have, like, a weekly subscription

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:26]

or something detrimental to my health like that. But Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

You know, just just on the local front, I I know we didn't really plan to go this route, but I think the other thing I try to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:36]

do personally, right, is is, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:40]

local with services. Right? So you've got big chains for HVAC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

or plumbing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

yard work even. Right? And I I tend to try to steer clear of those and use littler, more local

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

outfits whenever I can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:57]

I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

use our local hardware store enough. I use our local small parts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:03]

small engines,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

place quite a bit. But I think When you break your snowblower pressure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

washer? Or Exactly. Exactly. They've I think they've re or they've they've serviced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

almost every engine I have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

since we moved to Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

And Nice. They're they're affordable, great, and quick. And I think it's easy to either default to, like, going to Lowe's or going to Home Depot. And you you know, we like, you gotta support those people too. They they hire local workers. But I think the the challenge is to try and find those opportunities when you can actually leverage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

a local local outfit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:36]

Like breweries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:38]

Yeah. There you go. When was the last time you went to a brewery, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:43]

Who knows? February. February?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:47]

I have gotten

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:49]

local brewery beer from the grocery store since then. Okay. But not real recently either. I gotta think, you've got some curbside opportunities at local breweries. I bet they're all on top of this. We do. So when they started things out, like, they wouldn't fill growlers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:05]

but I think they do now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

Indiana loosened up, like, most of their restrictions around carry out alcohol

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:12]

to accommodate a whole host of different, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

restaurants and bars and breweries in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

Indiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

And, I like, I think that's cool. I think the the idea of me being able to place an order for a Growler and drive up and have it, safely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

like, transmitted to me is excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

I just hope all this stuff lasts well beyond COVID. It shouldn't go away. I think it will. I hope so, man. I think it will. I mean, we we we've proven that some of these, like, restrictions and laws we have around these things are stupid. Right? Because they they don't actually they're not they're not doing anything. I think that I think that's what we've proven by the virtue of these things continuing in these,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:58]

in these ways safely. Right? Nobody I didn't see anybody say, like, the worst thing that happened in 2020 is that you can carry out a growler from your favorite restaurant, you know, from curbside or whatever. I don't I don't think anybody's saying that. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

you know, I hope I hope that stuff continues.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:14]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:16]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:18]

Alright. Alright, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

You got anything else, my friend?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:23]

Let's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:24]

just remind our listeners about the top of the episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:27]

and donating to local food pantry. Let us know. We'll send you a second sticker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

And I I just verified. I have the stack of stickers right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:36]

Yes. You do. Yeah. So we gave a whole bunch of those away, but I think I think I had to order, like, an absurd amount to get them made the first time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:45]

250?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

Some it was something like that. So so please, you know, make a donation, let us know about it, and I'll send you some stickers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:52]

And on that note, John, I think I'm gonna let you go so that you can go unwrap Smash Brothers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:56]

get a couple rounds in before you call me and we play on on the Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:01]

Alright. Sounds good. Alright. On that note, this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:08]

Wash your hands and wear a mask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

Hey.
