---
title: Homeownership Woes, Milkshakes and Meatloaf (The food, not the hiphop artist)
episode: 21
date: 2018-12-06T12:29:47.000Z
slug: >-
  homeownership-woes-milkshakes-and-meatloaf-the-food-not-the-hiphop-artist/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  ** In this episode of "Life With A Twisted Lemon," John and Stan discuss
  various meat-related topics, including a potential grill cook-off with Pastor
  Fritzschee in Kansas City. They also touch on the importance of choosing a
  suitable grill for the season and plan to cover grilling techniques and
  experiences in a future episode. The conversation is interspersed with
  discussions about past episodes, podcast etiquette, and crowd-funding.


  **KEYWORDS:** pastorfritzschee, grillcookoff, grillselection, meatcookingtips,
  crowdfunding
keywords:
  - "** pastorfritzschee"
  - grillcookoff
  - grillselection
  - meatcookingtips
  - crowdfunding
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Hey there. This is Lemon. First, thank you so much for taking the time to listen to John and Mai's podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:06]

I still find it a little surreal that anyone besides John's sister Elizabeth tunes in each week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:11]

So we are hot on the hills of Advent, which means Christmas is not too far behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:16]

Advent reminds us that Jesus is coming via manger in Bethlehem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

and we rejoice with the whole Christian church at this miracle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:23]

God made manifest for us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

It's common this time of year to have a special emphasis on giving back. In that spirit, John and I wanted to take the opportunity from now until the end of the year to raise support for our friend, pastor Joel Fritchie, and his family who are serving in The Dominican Republic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Here's the deal though. As awesome as it would be for us to just say, hey, go give some holiday cheer to Fritzy via your checkbook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

We want to sweeten the deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

So the first 25 folks who donate $50 or more and let us know about it, either via Twitter, Facebook, or email, will receive a complimentary three by three life with a twist of lemon sticker from Sticker Mule as a thank you from us for your donation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

Oh, but it gets better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

I will also personally match any donation that we know about up to $1,000.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

You can donate direct to pastor Fritzschi at l c m s dot o r g slash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

f r I t s c h e. That's l c m s dot o r g slash f r I t

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

s c h e, or swing by twistoflemonpod.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

and we'll link to it on our front page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

All donations are a 100% tax deductible,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

which means that even if you don't like Fritzy or even John or I for that matter, you still win. Stickers and tax deductions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

What's more not to love?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

If you donate and you want a sticker or just for the donation to be matched, let us know by sending us a screenshot showing you donated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

There's more info on the website, and thanks again for listening, and enjoy the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

where are you recording from today, John? Because you sound a little different. I am in my new house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

Now, you normally go into the office. Why are you not in the office today? Because I had my first adventure as a homeowner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

Alright. Go on. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

my wife had noticed the other day water

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

coming out from under the refrigerator freezer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

Never a good sign. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

No. So just to be clear, the you got the excuse me. The freezer is on the bottom of the refrigerator unit? The freezer is on the bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

Is this a new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

refrigerator that you bought for the house, or is this one that was there? This is one that was there. The only appliances we've had to buy are the washer and dryer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

which should hopefully get here next week. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

Okay. So water's coming out from the bottom. Yep. Definitely not good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

Go on. So we investigate. My first thing is, okay. So the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

icemaker line isn't tight or something like that. That all checks out. We're good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

Then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

problem solving skills kick in, and I Google my problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

Seems reasonable. I mean, that's that's usually what I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

So everything that I gather from my symptoms,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

including ice on the bottom of the freezer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

indicated that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

defrost

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

drain hole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

was plugged.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:08]

Okay. So it's like a self defrosting freezer so you don't have a bunch of ice building up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

Right? Sure. Sure. So there was, like, a layer of ice on the bottom,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

and we would get this water that was coming out from under the freezer once a day, maybe twice a day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:24]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

I watched this video of this guy who takes apart a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:29]

Whirlpool fridge and declogs the thing, and that's basically what I followed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

The drain hole wasn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

visible

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

from in front. Like, if you're just looking into the freezer, it was hidden behind the panel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

So that was fun.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

I took the back of the panel off of the freezer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

so that I could get in there, and I threw that stupid little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

rubber

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

valve thing that was on the drain away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

Who's that important?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

That

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:05]

appears to be the problem

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

part in this model of freezer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:12]

And, yeah, it was clogged. It was definitely dirty, and then ice was building up on top of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:19]

So I got rid of the rubber thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

which just sat on the actual drain hole that goes down into the pan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

And I poured boiling water through the front of the drain hole to melt the ice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:33]

then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

I took a screwdriver

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

to break the big sheet of ice on the bottom and took that out sheet by sheet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

So now we just plugged it back in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

got the fridge freezer back into its place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

So, hopefully hopefully, this worked, and it solved my issue for the time being.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

How long before you know for sure? Like, is this something you wake up in the morning and it's No. Usually, it's right around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

08:00 at night.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

So, like, last night, I was on my indoor bicycle

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:06]

exercising when Anna said water was coming out from under the freezer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

I'm curious. Did she panic, or was it like, oh, there's water? Yeah. She kinda panics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:18]

And it was like water on laminate, probably not a great thing. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

Yeah. I mean, like, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

once or every so often, not the end of the world, especially if you mop it up. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

yeah. Alright. Well, that's exciting. Right? Like, this is homeownership, John. You're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

you're diving into the deep end, buddy. So then I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

obviously didn't make it into the office to record when we scheduled to record. So I'm digging through boxes trying to find my secondary microphone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

and here we are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

echoey sounding and all. Hopefully, less echoey with this pillow behind the microphone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

I'm curious. What what is your second microphone? Because your first is the a Blue Yeti. Right? Blue Yeti. Yep. So this is a Samson.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

I had recorded one other episode from home. Samson Meteor microphone. So it's this itty bitty travel microphone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

kinda unfolds and stands up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:16]

plugs in USB. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

I didn't know you had that. When did you get that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:22]

I had this for years, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

The more you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

I've been recording episodes about a second microphone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:31]

So that you can send me your current microphone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

No. No. No. No. This this this is the creme de la creme here. No. I I I keep thinking about a, a portable microphone for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

on the road interviews with milkshake makers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

Are you thinking? I haven't quite figured out Like a handheld? Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

I I think so. I like so I I don't I don't know exactly what I want,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

but I I wanna be able to walk in to say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

a Five Guys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

get the sound of the milkshake machine going at it. Nice. As well as,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

you know, interview

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

the craftsman if you will.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:11]

The milkshake maker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

Yeah. Yeah. The machine. There's probably I guess it's just a drink mixer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

but I I like to call it the milkshake maker because it kinda rolls off your tongue a little better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

So I have I have actually two milkshake updates for you in addition to just, you know Nice. Our listeners have been wanting more milkshake reviews.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

I don't know if that's true, but it's it's just this feeling that I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

We we have had a bit of a lull. So I I I won't I won't belabor this. I'll just tell you, first, I was in Atlanta last week, as you know, for work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

friend and listener of the show, Sid Finch. You you remember Sid? AKA Jeff L. Rod.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

So Is it? So Sid Is it? Sid told me Sid told me that when I was in the Atlanta Airport, I should check out this place called Grindhouse Killer Burgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

Apparently, it's a it's like a it's like a place in Atlanta, and the airport

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

has,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

you know, a storefront for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

And I I I did I did check it out on my way out. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

here's here's this is my conclusion that I've reached from Grindhouse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

I'm sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

that a full Grindhouse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

Killer Burgers restaurant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

has got a fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

I don't think I experienced that at the airport.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

I'm not even sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

that they made it the way they were supposed to. So that like, I actually saw they had ice cream that was like, they could scoop out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

but they also had a soft serve machine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

and they filled my cup up with soft serve. Oh, no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

And then I I ordered a chocolate peanut butter milkshake. Right? And they they squirted the chocolate or sorry, the peanut butter rather into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

the dish at the bottom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

and most of it never made its way up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

it Were they busy being in airport? No. No. No. Actually, and get this. They they weren't busy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

I walked in, and you could order through a console. Right? Like, you know, the new McDonald's ordering system. So I did that, and then I sat down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

and nobody nobody saw my order. Like, I'm sitting there and I'm watching other people come up. They're getting their food. The whole time, it's like the milkshake machine is right next to the console. So it like, it wasn't like they had to go to the back to do it. Right? Like, I I would have seen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

the person making my milkshake from the very point at which they started. And there were three people in this, like, small little airport restaurant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

So finally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

at the ten minute mark, which I can't even believe I waited ten minutes. You had a flight to catch me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

Well, no. I was I was there pretty early. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

I got there earlier than I needed to, so I had time to burn. Got it. But I I asked, like, hey. I ordered this milkshake ten minutes ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

You know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

is everything okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

And and that's oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

I can make that. And they walk over, squirt some soft serve,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

mix it maybe five seconds. I mean, it was it was like they they put the mixing rod in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

and went, you know, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

then they're done. And I was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

I don't think so. So it was it was slightly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

softer or more slurpable than, say, a Wendy's Frosty would be, but but not much. Wow. And the consistency was not not great. So I, you know, I let Sid know about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

the experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

came to the conclusion that the next time I'm in Atlanta, I need to go to an actual Grindhouse Killerburgers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

just to get, like, a better baseline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:52]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

I don't remember anything good about the Atlanta Airport.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

It's so when was the last time you were there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

It's been several years now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

I think it's it's really improved over the last, like, five years that I've been traveling to and from Atlanta.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

I it's still it's just huge and it is packed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

And, you know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

bathrooms are never clean.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

Lines are everywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

So, you know, you just it's it's not like Not a place for John Colmire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

Yeah. Yeah. You definitely you definitely wouldn't do so out there. But, you know, Indianapolis is, like, the complete opposite. Everything just moves along quickly. It's clean, and it's just it's not as densely populated. I walk out And I get I walk out the wrong door so that you can't pick me up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:44]

Well, yeah, that that was just your mistake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

I'm pretty sure the signage was clear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

But but, no, like, I I I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

it's I think there's just a lot of craziness. It's it's a fine airport. Like, if you got precheck, you can actually make it through security in a reasonable amount of time. If you don't have precheck, I mean, you know, god bless you. Good luck. But, it is what it is. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

now that that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

milkshake was on Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

Thursday morning, I headed up to Fort Wayne. Had a a district board of directors meeting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

and on my way home, I thought to myself, I'm gonna go back to the scene of the crime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

you know, where I've where I first had that Five Guys milkshake that blew my mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

Second best milkshake, but, you know, I would say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

probably the the best more traditional style milkshake, maybe. I I don't know. Because the one at Widely Palooza still, that's bar none the best. But I went back there This was at a chain, like, national chain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

Five Guys might be international. I don't even know. Do do you remember though, like, that that young man who made the milkshake for me, he was really passionate And suggested

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

what you should mix in. Yep. Exactly. He was and and he made a fantastic recommendation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

So I went in hoping that that young man would be there, and unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

he was not. And the guy behind the counter could not have been more annoyed with the fact that I was ordering a milkshake. I mean, like, he he Seriously? Yeah. He was totally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

he seemed exhausted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

by my presence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

I ordered a milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

and I'm trying to think what I did now. I think I did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

Oreo cookie crumbles, peanut butter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

and chocolate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

I might not have done chocolate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

Anyhow, it, like, the it wasn't very memorable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

The milkshake itself

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:39]

You can't you can't even remember what your mixins were. Exactly. So but but here's the thing. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

on the consistency score,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

up until this moment, we I've usually struggled with the, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

inclusion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

of chocolate syrup into the rest of the milkshake. Right? So you get the the goops, whatever. This one was different because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

it was like the the ice cream itself had not been blended

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

with the milk, and so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

Oh, some I think Anna had one like that. I don't know if it was at Five Guys or somewhere else. It was really disappointing. Like, I I would slurp and then, like, you know, my my straw would get kinda, like, clogged. And, of course, I'm I'm driving down Interstate 69, so it's not like I can use both hands and and, like, stir it up the way that I needed to. So it's just it was frustrating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

Took longer to consume. I actually waited for it to melt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

so that I could kinda mix it up with one hand a little more. It it just really wasn't a great experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

So to our young

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

high school aged listeners,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:42]

go work at a fast food joint

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

kick customer service out of the park. Yeah. I think here's here's what I've come to conclude. Right? There are they're really we have our scoring system for milkshakes, but there are two categories of excellence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

One has to do with the ingredients. Right? So you think of the steak and shakes of the world, low grade ice cream. You think of the Wilepaloozas of the world, really high quality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

super supreme ice cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

So that's like that's one bucket that produces excellence. The other is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

craftsmanship,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

you know, and and, like, caring about what you're doing. Whether it be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

a digital marketer like yourself, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

you know, I guess an engineer, whatever it is I do these days, like me, or a milkshake maker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

you know, in a in a Five Guys, in a McDonald's, whatever. Like, just take your craft seriously. Be passionate about it, and you will make beautiful things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

That's that was my takeaway between Grindhouse and Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

Very good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

I think that there's a whole another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:50]

conversation around,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

customer service here that we can talk about at another time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

there's a there's this day and night difference between me going to some place like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

the almost famous popcorn company

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

where these high school kids are in there, and they're acting like they're 30 and providing great customer service or me going to the local grocery store

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

and people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

barely acknowledging your presence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

So Yeah. I like, the the five guys. Right? Same five guys, different,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

artisans, or I wouldn't even dignify the the most recent guys calling him artisan, but two different individuals

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

making a milkshake. They had the same machine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

the same ingredients,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

completely different products.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

you know, the the the fundamental difference was that that first young man

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

cared about making a good milkshake. Enough to have a conversation with me about it, enough to make a recommendation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

Like, I could sense his passion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

think that's that's the the difference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

that made that milkshake so great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

We'll talk about that some other time, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

Hey. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

we alluded to Sid Finch. Did you see that we got a couple new podcast reviews?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

I did. Those came after our Thanksgiving episode, I think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

Let me pull up iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

We can give a shout out to these people. Right? Oh, yeah. So we are up to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

fifteen five star reviews,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:27]

zero four star reviews,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

zero three star reviews,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

zero two star reviews. And if we have any one star reviews, they're on Reddit, so we haven't seen it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

That's correct. That is correct. But not on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

Not on iTunes. So you wanna you wanna read this first one from k t four one six zero eight?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

Yep. So that's the most recent one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

I actually don't know who this is, but it says, excellent podcast. Give it a try, is the headline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:55]

This is the only podcast I make sure to find time to listen to every week. John and Stan are incredibly engaging and offer interesting and useful insight into a wide array of topics such as technology, budgeting and finances,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:08]

theology, and ever so briefly politics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

I'll notice that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

milkshakes isn't in that list like it's in many others. Be warned, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

Listening to this podcast will cause you to crave milkshakes. There we go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

Not what this diabetic needed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

Well, I I I would I would offer to, like, pursue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

a diabetic friendly milkshake, but I feel like that might might be disappointing for everyone involved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

So what you need to do is go with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:39]

Stan Lemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:40]

sort of philosophy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

behind this trying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:43]

milkshakes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

and only drink part of it and have somebody go with you that you can share with. That that is my that is my secret. Usually, it's missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

Sometimes it's Lucy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

Sometimes it's Henry. Sometimes it's Evelyn. But but somebody usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

finishes off the milkshake for me. Now I will say there was nobody in the car with me coming back from Fort Wayne.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

There was, nobody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

in the airport with me. Well, there was somebody in the airport with me, but not a family member I was gonna to share my my milkshake with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

So I did I did drink a full milkshake two days in a row. I did feel it afterwards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

I'm I'm not I'm not gonna sit here and be ashamed, but I'm I'm definitely not proud either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:23]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

life with a twist of lemon endorses milkshakes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

and also endorses moderation in all things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Ain't that the truth? Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

So the the other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

review was left by our friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

Dan Angle, I 70 Dan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

He he writes, in a world of Alex Jones, Limbaugh, Hannity, and Savage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

it's a nursing list,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

Stan and John are refreshingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

normal. I I just wanna point out this is the first time in my life anyone has referred to me as normal. So you didn't read the the subject line?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

Oh, refreshingly almost normal. Almost normal. So There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:02]

The jury is still out, but still this is this is nicer than anything else anyone has called us. Yeah. For

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

sure. So he finishes up their passion about common things such as milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

I would maybe that milkshakes are common, but but I'll go with it. Running the household and Apple products. They've avoided grinding a particular axe. I wonder if Dan had listened to the last episode. Last episode. Yeah. You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

we we kinda went a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

little AOL there. Yeah. As

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

can happen with most other pod broadcasters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

pod slash broadcasters. I play the podcast while taking the kids to school, and it's nice they can listen to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

And then he says, go chiefs. I will say that's something I try to keep in mind. We talked about this earlier. Alright? Like, I didn't wanna record anything. I couldn't play in the car. And so I think thus far, we we've kept it we've kept it on the the straight and narrow maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

Well, we still have our clean lyrics badge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

So And and that's important in iTunes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

real quick update on Fritzsche, the our our campaign. We're raising some money. If if you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

haven't if so for some reason, you didn't listen to the first two minutes, but you made it to this point. We're we're trying to raise money for pastor Fritzsche, our friend. You can learn more on twistedlemonpod.com/fritzschee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

f r I t s c h e. And the the crux of the the deal is if you donate $50

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

to pastor Fritzschee through the LCMS website, it's a 100% tax deductible. But if you do that and you let us know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

I will send you a life with a twist of lemon podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

sticker, and I will match your donation. You should do this even if you don't like me, even if you don't like John or pastor Fritzsche. Just do it for the tax deduction and the sticker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

And we are really, really fast about getting those stickers out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

I got a text message from one of the donors in my camp saying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

that they're pretty sure the sticker arrived today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

wait. Are you counting Borgardt in your camp or mine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

No. Borgardt is shared.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

Okay. Just so if you're listening to this, I I and you're my friend, you've let me down. Because right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

John is is smoking me on the, like, contributors in his camp. So please,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

for I don't like to lose. Alright? And and And I thought people only listened for you. I I did too. So if you're out there and I know you and we've met or whatever, please just just pony up $50 so I can beat John. That's all I'm asking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

I will throw in that that thank you letter that you wrote up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

You wanna donate just so you can read that letter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

We've got we've got fancy letterhead and I sent you a picture of the envelope. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

Yep. Absolutely. Fancy envelope. So, yeah, you should you should donate just so can see that. That's, like, extra bonus right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

Alright. What else do we got on the agenda today? Well, I I texted you about meatloaf and you're like, we should talk about this on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

Oh, yeah. You so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

how did this start?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

I you were making meatloaf. I was making meatloaf, and you're like, I haven't had meatloaf since I was five years old or something like that. I don't think it was five years. It was probably, like, 13, but it was a really long time. Like, I I actually had to stop and think about the last time I had meatloaf.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

mom, if you're listening, I love you so much, but it wasn't a great experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

So I, you know, I I I don't know. I feel like I feel like some people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

love meatloaf, some people hate it, and it's it's in this it's in this weird category of food. Don't you think?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

It's like it's like a glorified hamburger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

really.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

No. It depends on if you're talking to hamburger purists because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

they would call, like, hamburgers that you make meatloaf

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

because you put too much stuff in it. Oh, yeah. Right. It's just the, like, half a pound of ground chuck,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

grill it, flip it, Yeah. Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

Right. Okay. So I am not I I guess I'm not a hamburger purist. I am totally comfortable with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

spiking my meat with all kinds of other stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

I I actually I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

If if,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

if Fankers meat rubs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

you know, if you ever brands it, I actually think he should come up with a meatloaf

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

rub and recipe. But not, like, to rub the outside of meatloaf, but to incorporate inside the meatloaf. You get what I'm saying? Right. Yep. I think I think his his general, like, flavor profile could go well there. So I I'm I'm digressing. You were doing a meatloaf, and I think I scoffed it. So I make meatloaf probably once or twice a month because I love it. I use my mom's recipe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

It's actually better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

leftover as a sandwich than it is originally, but both very good. So I make it pretty frequently. Are are you willing to share the details of your mother's recipe? Like, is that is this safe to do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:01]

Yeah. I mean, your wife asked me how to make it, and I actually don't know what her exact recipe is. I just kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

do whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

So, basically, it starts with your your ground beef.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

She uses,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

crumbled up saltine crackers as bread crumbs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

an egg per pound of beef that you're using,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

and then spices,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

usually onion powder, garlic powder, salt, pepper, which would be what my mom uses.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

I'll be more adventurous with what I'm spicing it with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

Goes in the oven, three fifty, three seventy five for an hour,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

and then you have this delicious hunk of meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

So what we've done is a little different. It's it's similar. It's along the same vein. Basically, you know, one egg per pound of meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

We've also used panko,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

which, you know, you use in saltines.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

The the panko, we've actually been using gluten free panko because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

my wife has some issues with gluten. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

the the first one we did to try and, like, go down this path,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

we actually did this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

ketchup and chipotle pepper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

adobo sauce mixture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

The the seasoning blend was, like, ground cumin, smoked paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, a little bit of cayenne,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

some coriander,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

and some ground cinnamon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

which is probably sounds a little unusual, but it was it was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

it it got me thinking, like, this this might work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

One other thing that's interesting, you said you do yours at 03:50.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:44]

I think that's what I do. Yeah. For how long?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

For an hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

Interesting. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

we the the one that we did with the kinda Chipotle thing going on was at 04:50 for about twenty five minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

I I made another one this weekend, which I sent you a picture of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

I just decided I was gonna experiment. And I I totally made this up. But I did. It was it was at four fifty for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

probably about thirty minutes because it's almost two pounds of meat. I'm curious, with your meatloaf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

does the exterior get crunchy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

It does if I do it right. If you do it right? Okay. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

with the one that we did with the chipotle sauce, I don't think we hit that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

that perfect crunchiness. I mean, we there was some crunch, but, man, I'm telling you, I knocked it out of the park with the crunch this past weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

And there there is something truly beautiful about crunchy meat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

you know? Like, it sounds weird when I say it, but crunchy meat is a glorious thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:46]

I agree.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

So Now you you cheated with this one. Woah. Woah. Wait. Wait. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

don't know about not cheated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

but you went off the beaten path

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

with your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

with your beef with your meat choice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

Okay. I did I did a pound of ground beef, and I did a pound of ground lamb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

I was going for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

like, a Greek loaf, I think is what I was calling it. I think I might have called it lamb loaf, Greek loaf, whatever. But I had in my head

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

that I wanted to do something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

with with kind of that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

lamb, Greek ish, like, tzatziki type flavors going on. So Yep. So here's here's what I did. We we had two pounds of meat. One was ground beef, one was lamb. I actually did three eggs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

I did,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

probably like a cup of panko, so it was a little on the higher end in terms of the the the panko.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

And then I did a block of feta that I hand crumbled,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

which Nice. Yeah. I don't know. Do you ever do cheese in your meatloaf?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

I have once, I think. Usually, I just don't think about it. So I with the last meatloaf, I didn't do cheese in it. We didn't do cheese in it, but I did grate some cheddar. And when I would heat it up afterwards, I put the cheddar on it, and that's what got me thinking, like, I should just put cheese inside of the meatloaf.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

I did I did the feta, and then I think I did, like, two tablespoons

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

of onion powder, two tablespoons of garlic powder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

And I'll measure it out. I just eyeball it all. Yeah. I I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

like You like to recreate your stuff. Yeah. Yep. So then then I did one tablespoon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

dill weed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

I believe is what I did. And then salt and pepper, kind of to taste.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

Mixed it all up. I will say this. Have you ever have you ever touched ground lamb?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

Not that I recall. It is a I've I don't think I've ever made lamb of any sort. Ground lamb is a very uncomfortable thing to touch. I I don't know how to describe it, but it doesn't feel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

the same as ground beef in your hands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

And it was one of those things where I was actually I was mixing it up, and it kinda turned my stomach.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

And so I was really nervous when I went to go eat it. But hot diggity, that that Greek loaf was awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

Nice. So this this has got me thinking, like, what else can I do with meatloaf?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

And I think I'm on a mission. I I believe that meatloaf you can take a meatloaf and make any style cuisine you want. That's my that's my hypothesis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

and I intend to prove it, John. I intend to prove it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:24]

You know what pairs really well with meatloaf? Beer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

I was gonna say chocolate milkshakes. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

Oh, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

That's a good idea. They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

work with burgers. Why not with a meatloaf? That's a good that's a good call. Yeah. So, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

to to me, I was thinking about this too because I was not when I was up at the district office, we had Salisbury steak for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

lunch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

which Salisbury steak is pretty much like a meatloaf. It is. Right? So you got like, there's this spectrum of hamburger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

Salisbury steak, and meatloaf.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

And they're they're really, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

all fairly related. Granted, you know, a good burger is done on a on a grill with a flame,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

but really, you just it's a it's a chunk of meat with some grill

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:09]

a meatloaf. I bet you could smoke a meatloaf. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

know what? Alright. Here's here's another idea for a future show. Let's travel to Kansas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

and have pastor Fanker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

mix up a meatloaf meat rub and smoke the meatloaf.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

Sounds good to me. That that would be a great trip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

He's only, like, four hours from me, I think. He's closer to me than you are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Wait. No. He's gotta be more than four hours away from you. He's, like, fourteen hours from me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

Where's my Internet? Yeah. You're you're I think your geography's a little off, but we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:46]

He may have told me that he was four hours away, and that's why it's in my brain.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

I'm it's Cedar Rapids, Iowa

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

to I think that's how you spell this town.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

Alright. It's six hours. Yeah. Alright. There you go. I I would've guessed this Four to Kansas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:04]

City.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

So we could we could potentially meet there, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

and just Kansas City? Do no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

No. In in Pasture Fankertown and do a a meat cook off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

But not Alright. I gotta find I gotta find that microphone, that portable microphone, because that would be important.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:21]

Yes. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

Otherwise, we'll just record on our iPhones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

I don't I don't think that would sound good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:29]

No. Probably not. Hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

Mike Rowe has done podcast via his iPhone in a pillow in a hotel room before. Yeah. He does the intros,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

and that's why the intros sound awful. If you ever noticed, like, he does his little pitch with the advertisement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

and it does the little the riff. Right? And then it sounds good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

which I don't I don't know why he wouldn't just do the intro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

you know, when he records the rest of it, but whatever. It that drives me nuts. It would be streamlined.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

Drives me nuts. Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:57]

I don't think we have time, but sometime I'm gonna ask you what kind of grill I should buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

Oof. Oof. Alright. Well, what's your you're gonna when you come with that question, you need to also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

come with a budget because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

there's there's like Yeah. I asked that question to Google, and they were throwing, like, $2,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

grills out at me. I'm thinking stay under a thousand for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

Yeah. So there's I think there's a there's a range of diminishing returns,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

and it I've like, there's a there are a lot of factors. Should should we should this be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

our topic for episode 22? Or should we just, like, gotta pick out a grill? Do it. Okay. Let's do 22, and then maybe I'll actually go buy one between twenty two and twenty three, and then I can report back at twenty three. Is that, like you you do realize that this is this is, like, the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

time of the year that people would think to buy a grill. Right? Because you've got, like, what what's I have been without a grill for five years, Stan Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

I I'm not I'm not judging. I'm not judging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

But but what's what's the temperature there, John? Because it's 32 here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

Yeah. We we had a high of 27 today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:03]

School was actually canceled because of ice on the roads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

you're gonna you're gonna buy a grill in December

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

and grill in 27 degree weather?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:16]

I will grill in five degree weather. I I respect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

that. I like, I've got a lot of respect for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

So let's save that for episode 22. We'll talk about how to select a grill, the dos, don'ts, and some of my trials of having several grills. I'll tell you the story about the the guy who used to mock me in the townhome,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

lived behind me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

and, how I learned how to use a timer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

So in closing, please do not forget about pastor Fritzschee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

twistoflemonpod.com/fritzschee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

f r I t s c h e. Get yourself a sticker. Get your donation matched.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

If you listen to us and you don't hate us, if you are, you know, willing to consider a five star review,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

hop on to iTunes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

search for Life With A Twisted Lemon, leave us that five star review. Remember, anything less than five stars, we'll, we'll take that over on Reddit. And, you can find us on Twitter at what's our handle, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

Twisted Lemon pod. Same as everywhere else. And Facebook's the same too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

Yep. Good deal. We'll be posting some pictures. I think we post a couple this week of the stickers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

in in various locales, as well as the mail that went out with the first round of stickers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

And, I think I think it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

in a future post, you'll or, you know, future episode, we'll post a picture of me stuffing envelopes because that's kinda comical too. My desk all spread out in stickers and envelopes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

But Nice. On that note, until next week, John, when we dive into grills.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

Grills. Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

See you later. Later.
