---
title: AirPods Pro Review and Summer Updates
episode: 93
date: '2020-07-23T14:33:39.000Z'
slug: airpods-pro-review-and-summer-updates/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Well, John, you look healthy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

I feel healthy, Stanley. You're alive, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

I was concerned there for a while. What do you mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

You went off the grid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

Because I deactivated my Facebook account? You deactivated your Facebook account. I still don't know if you've seen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:42]

the message that I sent you yesterday morning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

or you just turned off read receipts. That's what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

didn't turn them off on purpose. What I've so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

I don't have read receipts on across the board.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

I enable them per person,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

and I've noticed that they don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

they don't sync necessarily. Like, they don't always line up across devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

I just enabled them again, John, on my Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

Alright. I'll have to check my phone here in a little bit, but I am still alive. Yes. You're just awfully quiet, and I thought you turned off your phone and deactivated Facebook and everything. Well, I I did deactivate Facebook. I deleted my Twitter apps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

I am still checking Twitter twice a day at 12:30 and at seven.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

Alright. For for very specific people. So you're sharing this episode right now. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

What what do you mean I'm sharing this episode? In the future. Future you. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Twitter, I suppose I can. Yes. Thursday at 12:30?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

Yeah. Well, if it's there, yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

So I'm gonna show my cards. I I log in to check Eric Berman

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

of was it WIBC?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

Every day at 12:30 because he does a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

COVID update for Indiana. Aw. You gotta get rid of that too, Stan. You'll be a happier person.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

I'm not I'm not unhappy. I like the numbers, John. You know this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

And then at seven Don't like the numbers. That's not what you wanted to say. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

You run it for public office?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

Only if my worst enemies put me up to it. There you go. So and then at 07:00, I I always check the COVID tracking project because they've got really pretty graphs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

Alright, Stan. I don't understand you, but I'm glad that you are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:35]

staying informed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

John, do you do you use screen time across all your devices?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:41]

I do not have it on my Mac. I actually still have RescueTime

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:45]

installed on my Mac, which is probably not a great thing. But So why why don't you use screen time on the Mac? I just I've never set it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

You should set it up. It's it's I find it interesting to see, like my my work laptop doesn't count. Right? It's not I don't have my personal Right. Cloud on there. But, just to see, like, how much time I use across my devices. So yesterday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

obviously, I was not recording a podcast. But I, in total,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

used my devices all day, only forty three minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

And Nice. Part of that, I think, is I I like I said, I got, you know, deactivated the Facebook account. Not that I was really on Facebook a lot, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

I I definitely felt like I had motivation recently to unload Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

Yeah. And then If you need it. I I dumped Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

I convinced missus Lemon to deactivate Facebook too. Nice. I think this is the first time she's ever done that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

There you go. Maybe you'll so one time, you lasted almost a year, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

I I'd lost track of how long it was. I've I've had It was a long time. Really long stints in my Facebook deactivation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

periods. And And this seems like the perfect time. I guess that means I gotta stay on to make sure that people actually see your podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

You know, I I don't know how many people listen via Facebook. I I would be willing to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

test this I can't analytics. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'd be willing to test the theory that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

people don't consume it that way. I don't know. Yeah. Let's you want you want to try skipping Facebook posts this week? We can try it. Alright. There you go, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

I I don't know, man. Like, here's here's the thing. Here's what I've come to realize.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

For a long time, I enjoyed logging on and seeing pictures of my friends and my friends' kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

and seeing what people were up to and then trying to, like, breeze past,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

what I would call partisan Lutheran theology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

and politics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

now, I think it's not even, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

everybody's just angry, and nobody wants to have a conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

People just wanna post these, like, spiteful memes and move on, and I'm done with it. I don't do that. So I dicked it in Facebook. You'll still talk to me. Right, Stan? I'm always angry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

Yeah. I've been angry since before the world got angry. You're you're like the Hulk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

The Hulk. Yeah. It's my secret. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

I am particularly exhausted today, and I thought I would show you why. I don't did I send you a picture this last night? You did not. Like I said, I thought that you were dead because you didn't say anything yesterday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:17]

Oh, well. Not in any of the group chats that were active and had things in, not to me directly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:25]

I was gonna call you if you didn't show up for this podcast recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated. So I'm holding up for you a glass of a red Red liquid. Substance. Yeah. This is wine. This is a pinot noir.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Yeah. It is dry with a fruit forward

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

something another. I'm not a connoisseur, but Yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

Probably not gonna ever be a connoisseur.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

But I can tell you that I have roughly 32 bottles

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

of this as of last night. That almost sounds like how much a homebrew

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

kit would make.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

It does, John. It does. So it's it's six gallons worth of wine that we had, and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

you know, I I have you ever brewed beer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

I have not. Okay. So the amount of beer that you consume while brewing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

is is roughly, like, one fourth of what you're actually brewing. Right? K. Yeah. Because it there's always multiple people and, you know, it takes a while and you you get thirsty. So think wine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

making wine is like a bottle, bottle and a half of consumption while bottling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

roughly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

That's fair. Because that it's literally, like, it's right there. You know? So you just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

just turn the spigot on. You get a little bit of water and keep going.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

So is this from something that you bottled?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

Yeah. So I bottled I I bought a a kit from Master Vinter, which is one of the, I don't know, common brands of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

wine. Relatively good quality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

kit. Yeah. No. I I did I bought what they call their everyday wine or their weekday wine, I think, is what it's called. So on their spectrum on the lower end. But, yeah, they're they're pretty, I would say, premium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

brand as far as I can tell. This is not really this is new for me. Right? So we were brewing beer, and I thought, I've got all the equipment. Why don't I try brewing or not brewing, making wine?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

And and it turned out well. I'm I'm actually, like, very pleased. I will have no trouble drinking the 32 bottles that we produced last night.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

Now you're supposed to let these bottles, like, age for a couple weeks before you drink them. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

No. I mean, as far as this recipe said, it's ready to consume as soon we bottled. And so I'll be interesting to see how much the flavor changes if you remember what you're drinking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

really yesterday compared to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

three weeks from now. Yep. No. I I I think I'm curious to see it too. So the wine that I'm polishing off today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

excuse me. I I ran out of bottles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

Uh-huh. Like, I I literally had no more bottles and corks to use, and so this was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

I don't even know what to call it. It was like a a wine cooler. Like, not not a wine cooler, but a wine cooler. So like a bottle that was insulated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

and we filled it up about three quarters of the way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

to to kind of finish off what was in the in the bucket. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

Nice. Yeah. Well, that's exciting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

Wanna get into the winemaking stand. Hopefully, Jen, you should. It's it's, you know so here here's what I was I was telling somebody today at work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

It's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

more difficult than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

brewing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

Brewing's eat like, brewing's harder. It's got more things going on. You gotta, like, mess with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

boiling stuff and Yeah. You like your cooking and all that. The the first day is definitely more complicated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

at least with this recipe, wine was more involved each day after setup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

than beer is. So with beer, I I like I'd set it up, you know, put a calendar event two weeks down and, you know, wait till the next stage. With wine, we had to actively check it. So that was interesting. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

you know, it's it's neat to see it evolve. When you're checking it every day, you can actually see, like, you're you're physically observing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

what's happening to the wine. The sediment is no longer hanging around out top. Yeah. Well, exactly. No. No. You're you're spot on. And there was one point, I've got a video of this, where the wine is, like, actively

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

it's just moving. It was churning itself. It was really something to to behold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

Yeah. Highly recommend it, John. You should do it. And and if I So how much was this kit to get you 32 bottles of wine? Like, $115?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

No. I wanna say it was, like, $65.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

I I that sticks out of my head, but I I could be wrong. I'll see if I can look it up while we're talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

So usually, like, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

as I think about this in my head before I buy all this stuff, like, I'm thinking a batch of wine will cost me around a $100,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

which

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

if you divide it out by 32,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:56]

like, it's what you're paying for a decent bottle of wine anyway. So Yeah. Yeah. Gives you a hobby. I I will say this is superior

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

to Winky and Owl, John. So this Yes. This kit was $57.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

Note that you need to get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

the the cleaning solution as well, so you gotta have that on hand. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

There's corks. There's there's, like, consumables. Right? Now corks are corks are stupid cheap. Right. You know, bottles, if you've got if you've been drinking wine, just save the bottles you can reuse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

But you can also buy them. So, like, there's there's a cost there. Those are reusable, though. You know? So it's like a upfront cost. For for my situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

I don't think I think I bought one piece of equipment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

specifically for wine making. It was called the wine thief, which allowed me to to get a a sample of wine and put the hydrometer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

into it to measure it each day. And that was, I don't know, like, $11 or something. Like, it wasn't wasn't a big deal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

But I really have no interest in brewing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

So, like, it would just be wine stuff. What what so I'm just curious. Why don't why aren't you interested in brewing? I don't know. Like, it's just never interested me. Maybe because I haven't been around somebody else who's done it. Well, so so that's that's something we should do. You should come out sometime

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:09]

and When I'm not contaminated?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

Yeah. When you After the fourteen day quarantine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

period. Fourteen days after your COVID party.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

we should brew, though, and you can get the full experience and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

sample the wine. And then, you know, if I've got hopefully, I've a batch of Play some Nintendo Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

we've alluded to it a couple times now, but I finally left my house to go someplace other than church.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

Yeah. I wanna be clear. Like, most people who have been isolated during this whole COVID nineteen thing, like, their first trip is to the grocery store or the gas station, maybe the library. I've gone to the gas station twice, but I've never like, it's just been at the pump. Okay. Your your big, like, outing, you just had to cross state lines.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

I had to cross state lines

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

for my mother in law's fiftieth birthday party.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

So how was it? It was good. It was fun. So far, I'm feeling healthy. It's, what, seven days before I start exhibiting symptoms if I caught it. No contact tracing yet, so good there. He didn't know he's called you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

Are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

you scheduled for a COVID test?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:25]

I am not. Okay. Alright. That just doesn't sound like my cup of tea. We still got the ones where they stick a q tip up into your brain. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

yeah, for you, the upside would be you'd find you you have a brain. Right? There you go. The downside is it would be another trip outside of the house where I can be exposed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

So you crossed state lines for your mother in law's birthday party, but maybe more importantly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

you also did some podcast research. It's been a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

I did some podcast research.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

the last milkshake reviews, we actually have had some in 2020,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

which was surprising because I had the Shamrock shake this year, and you had talked about a different shake that I didn't go back and listen to, but it was some gourmet shake place that you went to. Oh, that's right. That was in Indianapolis. That was literally right before everything went into lockdown. The last time Stan left the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

Do you just I'm sorry. You you just you jogged my memory. That episode, we talked about how does a place like that survive. It's so niche. Right? Like, they only do milkshakes. Yep. And and I I I wonder I wonder if they're still open because I cannot imagine that their business is is doing well. But yeah. Well, while you're telling us about this milkshake, I'm gonna I'm gonna look this place up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

my father-in-law said that we needed to go get a milkshake from this place in McHenry, Illinois called the Riverside Chocolate Factory.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

The place itself is pretty darn cool. They had, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

chocolate stormtrooper

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:01]

molds. They had chocolate cigars, chocolate covered strawberries. So really cool little chocolate shop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

Then they actually had the chocolate shop ice cream based out of Madison, which is the one with the cow that we know from all of our favorite places. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:19]

got a milkshake there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

I went with Door County Cherry

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

ice cream this time around. Bold choice. Were there chunks of cherry? There were chunks of cherry, but they had appropriate sized milkshake straws, so it wasn't an issue. Interesting. So you did you encounter a cherry that you had to slurp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

up?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

yeah. But, overall, it was kind of on the thin side for my liking. They probably could have made it better if I had requested something specifically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

But overall, solid milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:56]

Better than that one that we had at the popcorn shop here in Cedar Rapids when Oof. You were in town. Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

Well, that's good to hear. I'm glad that turned out well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

Just a quick update here. It was Gordon's Milkshake Bar in Indianapolis, and it appears

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

to still be open. So Alright. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

I'm half tempted. I have not eaten out except one instance since March 15, and I am half tempted to go get myself a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:24]

There you go. I figured we needed to bring the milkshakes back

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

to reengage our listeners who didn't care about our last two episodes of movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

have more movies to report on, but I'm not going to. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

so this is great. It looks like they're wearing masks there and everything, so I might even feel safe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

There you go, Sam. Make it happen. Check this out. Alright. I probably will not have one for next week, but you can you can come in with the coming clutch with It'll be another three and a half months before you go out again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

So Here's hoping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

Alright. And then in Mac related news, you did the unexpected, did you not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:03]

I did the unexpected,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

amazingly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

So I found some extra room in my budget this month,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

really, it was you you did this to me, Stan. Oh, boy. You don't even know this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

But, like, I'm getting ready to go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

go out, throw some chicken thighs on the grill, and Stan Lemon calls me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

I don't have anything to work with my phone, really. That's easily easy to grab.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

My wife has confiscated my ear pods that came with the phone, and I think there's probably two pairs of those around somewhere where one may never know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

So I decided

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

go all in with the AirPods Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

Alright. Now what what is the retail on the AirPods Pro? It's like 2 something? Yeah. $2.50

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

ish, little less.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

So this is roughly a month's worth of groceries for you. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

Not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

quite anymore. Okay. Missus Colmire has really stepped up our quality of food when she realized that I was throwing insane amounts of money at the mortgage. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

so it's it's funny. You you mentioned, like, grilling and talking to you. I call you very often when I'm grilling. Always use my AirPods. I don't have a pair of AirPod Pros. As you know, I'm waiting to yeah. Yes. I'm waiting to see what happens after my my ear surgery. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

what do you think, man? I mean, like, these are these have a whole bunch of whiz bang features beyond Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

My AirPods. So I'm curious how do they shake out? So, honestly, I don't feel like I've put them through all the paces that I need to, but every time I've used them, I've loved them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

So I swapped out for the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

little pads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

I've not actually run the test to see which ones I should use for optimal sound,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

but the small ones were most comfortable in my ears.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

So I swapped those out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

like, I was blown away by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

the noise cancellation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

on these things that you just stick in your ear rather than over ear things

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

and even more so by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

transparency mode, which is a pro only feature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Okay. I think you need to describe transparency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

mode because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

it may like, the name makes sense when you know what it is, but otherwise, it just seems weird, especially for a pair of headphones. Right. Because transparency is something you can see through. Right? Right. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

So there are three modes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

for the AirPods. There is noise cancellation where you literally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:36]

don't hear anything if you have something playing. If you don't have something playing, it's still very muffled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

to hear anything outside. You have the basic off,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

which I imagine is what any earpods sound like. Things are slightly muffled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

and but you can still hear even if you have music playing at a reasonable volume and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:55]

And then there's transparency mode where it actually passes through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

the sound

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

of what's around you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

even if music is playing or you're on the phone. So you can actually hear through it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

like you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

would just hear without anything in your ears.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

So they do that by they basically have the mic that picks up the sound around you, and it passes it through the speaker. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Now one of the new features is this spatial sound

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

stuff. Have you tested that at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

don't think that is has been released yet. That comes with a firmware update.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

Okay. So I've not tested that out. I was blown away

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

when I synced up my AirPods to my phone for the first time, which I imagine is the same across the board, but I haven't heard anybody talk about it. But you literally open the case,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

and it just pops up on your phone. And it says AirPod,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

tells you the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

battery percent in the case in each

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

ear pod.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

And then, yeah, it's pretty darn cool. The case itself is super cool. I think you can get four or five charges

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:06]

out of a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

fully charged case before you have to recharge the case.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

So there's just lots of really cool technology in here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

the I think the the experience you're describing is is really part of the h one chip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

right, and that additional connectivity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

Sound sound quality, like, just in general, as far as headphones go, are you pretty pleased?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

I was gonna say the AirPods,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

the original ones, were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

like, noticeably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

improved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

over any any in ear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

headphone I had ever used, and I can only imagine it's improving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

I am curious if the spatial audio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

is out yet. I I can't get a clear answer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Then I gotta go find a video that does it. Well and that was gonna be that was gonna be the next thing I was gonna mention to you is, like, I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

what what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

what's gonna support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

spatial audio. I would I would think Apple Music for sure. Right? Like, lot of music there is gonna support spatial audio. Because, basically, it sounds to me like what they're doing is anything that's been recorded in Dolby five one seven one or in Dolby Atmos will produce this spatial audio effects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

I gotta think that's some music, but I I don't I don't know, man. And then probably some movies too, which I think would be pretty cool as well. Yep. That's the killer feature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

When that happens,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

I will probably end up with a new iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

There we go. Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

That's how the cookie crumbles. So, yeah,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

I'll keep you updated as we go on. My first call was to you, and you answered on your watch, and I could definitely tell that you were on your watch. I'm not sure which is worse, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

Honda Accord microphone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

or the Watch microphone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

To this day, I think that might be the only phone call I have ever answered on my watch too. I I will say, when you've talked to me on the pros, the AirPod pros,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

you have sounded good. Like, the microphone quality seems to be superior to the AirPods for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

I was I was pleasantly surprised. That actually pushed me a little bit closer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

Yeah. Towards wanting them. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

Siri, I've had no problem with. I use Siri more than I have these,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:21]

and the AirPods handle it much better than my iPhone eight does. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

Nice. Well, that'll be upgraded next. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

Yeah. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

Still working fine for me. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

Alright. Good deal. So now these AirPods, did you happen to use them when you were mowing the lawn?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:38]

So I have not mowed the lawn since I got them, Stanley. No kidding. When was the last time you mowed your lawn, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:44]

So it would have been last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

last Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:49]

I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:51]

then I got the AirPods on Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:54]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

I was gonna mow today, but it would rain this afternoon. So didn't really wanna deal with that. But the lawn's growing slow as it will in cool season lawns in the summer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

And are you doing anything special at this point, or are you just trying to not not disturb it or cause issue? Are you watering?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:11]

I am not watering. You can definitely see some heat stress,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

in the turf.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

Weeds are going pretty strong right now. I haven't been able to spray weeds because everything that I would spray has a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:24]

85 degree cap for recommended outdoor temperature to spray.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

I did throw them after out. 85 degrees?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

You're just more likely to harm the turf.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

Because the turf is already in a stress state.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

So the ideal

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

air temperature for cool season grass is, like, 75 degrees with the soil temperature being 65 degrees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

And right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

somebody out in Des Moines actually took a soil test, and he was up above 90 where there's literally nothing you can do to help save the turf there except stay off it. Don't put any more stress on it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

That's the thing I'm concerned about with my grass right now. So I have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

I've watered a bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

a while ago

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

when we first got into our dry stretch. We've just not had a lot of rain in Yep. Indiana, in Indianapolis in particular. So I definitely have some dormant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

sections. I have some stressed sections.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

You know, any along concrete,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

right, or, like, near my Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

My water meter because that's just gonna, you know, concentrate more heat. The the strip of grass between the sidewalk and the road, that's That's gotta be dormant. Can. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

And so it's it's not growing fast, but it looks like it's okay. I'm just praying for rain at this point. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

Yeah. So my my grass is all pretty green still, but I have,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

like, 90% of my yard is covered in shade for most of the day. So that has kinda kept it green. I did throw down some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

microgreen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

liquid

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

humic 12 acid maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

two weeks ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

Alright. You have to tell us what these things do. Yeah. So the humic twelve just promotes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

soil health.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

Basically, it unlocks the nutrients that are in the soil so the crop can actually use it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

The microgreen has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

a bunch of micronutrients.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:26]

So your big nutrients when it comes to fertilization

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

nitrogen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

phosphorus, and potassium.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

So, like, you'll see three numbers on all of your fertilizer bags,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:37]

and that's basically the percentage of nitrogen, potassium

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

or nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

in that bag.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

So the micros are like your sulfur or your iron or your magnesium.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

Is it magnesium or manganese? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

So, basically, micronutrients

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

that the lawn needs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

a whole lot less of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

than the kind of big three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:03]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:05]

the microgreen I got from Green County fertilizer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

liquid, I sprayed out of a ortho hose end sprayer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

and it's basically zero zero two, so it has some potassium in there. It's got a good kick of iron, which helps keep the green,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

and then a bunch of other micronutrients,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

some sea kelp and things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

Sea kelp? Sea kelp. Okay. Good for the soil. Alright. Well, hey. Today I learned. Your your process is much more involved than mine. Mine at this point is, like, if I see a weed, rip it out Yep. Spray it if I can,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:44]

mow high and and pray. And when Scott sends me a bag of something, I I throw it down. Yep. So I was on Scott's last year, and then I fell into the lawn care community on YouTube.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

But now you're all looking awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

The only thing I've got, wild violet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

that I need to attack, and I need a new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:08]

a new herbicide to attack that specifically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

So it's not just your general

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:14]

two four d dicamba mixture. I need a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

I don't remember the name of it. But A flamethrower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:22]

Probably not the stuff that's growing in the grass. The stuff that's growing in the driveway, definitely could use flamethrower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

You might as well try in the backyard. What do you got to lose? The backyard's actually looking really good compared to last year, so I'm happy with some of my renovation there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

shifting gears here. It was a week of home repairs for the Lemon family. I don't did we I can't remember. Did we I think we teased

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

the refrigerator saga, didn't we, last week?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

I think we did. Okay. And then I had another interesting issue crop up with my grill. This is the first time I've ever done this. I, I didn't I I guess when I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

tell me if you do this. When I go to turn off my grill, I the flame is still going. I go down to the tank,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

and I turn the tank off first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

so that anything that's in the line burns off, and then I turn off the burners. Do do that? I do not. Okay. So I I do that rather than turn off the burners first and then the tank so that there's no gas in the line. Just that way, I I burn it all off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

And it I I think it was starting to storm, and so I, like, quickly cleaned everything up. And I turned the tank off,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

and I left the burners open.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

Not a big deal because there was nothing in the line. Right? But Right. I forgot about it the next time that I I rolled the grill out, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

I turned that tank on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

And so, you know, I I let the tank open, but the burners were open, so there was no back pressure whatsoever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

Right. And apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

grills, and really it's the connector, has a thing called the bypass mode. Have you ever heard of this? I have not until you said this, and I googled it. Okay. So So there's a little there's a little ball, right, in the connector,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

and the pressure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

of the gas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

pushing against it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

is important because that that pressure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

doesn't exist if there's not some resistance. Right? What happens is the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

ball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

will press back, like, out so that it doesn't let gas come into the line as fast. Now there's still some, but the the thinking there is that there must be a a break in the line, a leak of some sort. And so Sure. It rather than just, like, flood a bunch of gas, it does it much slower. So, of course, I, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

turn the tank on, realized that the burner's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

already open. I just go ahead and try to light it, you know, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

it lit, but it it wasn't like, the flame wasn't strong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

And for close to an hour,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

I was trying to figure out when the heck was going on because the grill would not get above 250 degrees. It was producing heat, just not a lot. So, of course, I'm thinking, like, my grill's busted, and I've got I've got brats that I needed to throw on the grill. Kids are hungry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

And finally, I just started googling to find out, like, what the heck's going on? And it turns out that this is really easy to fix. You turn everything off, right, the tank, the burners, all of it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

and then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

you know, you give it a couple minutes or whatever. You turn the tank open full tilt with the burners

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

closed. That's really important because then you let this pressure build up in that line

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

so that that ball is then getting pushed out the way that it's supposed to, and that basically resets this bypass mode. Turn the burners on, you can light, you're good to go. But Oh. You know, I who knew. Right? And it was all because of a gaffe on my end. But that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

was the that was the least of my conkers. My big conker was my refrigerator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

stopped staying cold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

It stopped staying cold in the right places. And I've got a GE fridge. You've you've seen my fridge. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

now that I know, it's more expensive than I realized. Because I was when this was acting up, it's like, we'll just buy a new one. We'll be done with it, you know? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

My this is weird, though. Probably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

I don't know, a month month and a half ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

I noticed that the crisper drawer, right, the one that's immediately above the freezer and tends to be a little bit colder by design,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

stuff is freezing. So, like, I pulled out my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

my sliced chicken for my sandwiches, and it was a brick of ice. I pulled out the cheese, and it was slabs of ice. I like, oh, that's not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

You know? But figured maybe it's just something's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

being weird, and it'll it'll go away. Whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

And it it was inconsistent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

Well, then, the weekend before last,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

got up and I poured myself some cereal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

And I put the milk on, and the milk tasted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

sour,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

which you never you never wanna taste sour milk. Like, nobody wants to do that. Right? And I made Sarah verify, right, because I just didn't trust myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

And she was like, yeah. The the milk is definitely funky. So we got rid of it. And then I went to pull out pizza sauce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

later as well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

and and that didn't look right. Like, it it had I I don't even know what was going on, but the film had formed on the top of it. I was like, I'm not eating that. So then then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

the kids went to go butter a piece of toast, and the butter was completely, like, mushy. Right? So at this point, I'm like, okay. Something's not right. And the the top of the fridge didn't feel cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

Granted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

the the crisper drawer, everything's frozen solid.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

Sure. So we scheduled the GE appointments,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

and it's gonna be, like, a week out. And I texted you, and I told you this. And what did you tell me, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

Said this sound strangely familiar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:36]

Trust the YouTubes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

Yep. And so it never dawned on me that I could potentially repair my own fridge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

which isn't usual because I'll I'll take a stab at a DIY project. Right? Like, I'm not scared of that. Yeah. I mean, you got skills. You've run electrical,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

and you've refinished your basement, and fixed your grill, apparently. Yeah. You know, magic with the grill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

So come to find out, this is apparently a a not uncommon problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

for GE fridges.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

And, it comes down to the ventilator fan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

you know, basically is taking air from the freezer and moving it up into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

the the main chamber of the fridge because I've got a a freezer on the bottom. And I guess if you had your freezer on the top, it'll all be reversed. But suffice to say, when that fan stops working, what happens is the area the the coils there will freeze over. They'll frost up. Your crisper drawer will be cold as ice, because air is not moving past that box, and the top of your fridge will be warm. Well, that was exactly my problem. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

Found a video of somebody with a model of GE fridge that was so close to mine that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

I watched them pull everything apart, and they even linked to a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

a fan, a replacement fan for $50

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

on Amazon. Yep. Right? And, you know, the the GE guy was gonna charge a $100 for showing up at the door. Yep. Right? So then then there's gonna be whatever hourly he does, plus the $50 part, which should be marked up to at least a $100. You know? Yep. And I figured that I was probably in it for at least $500 to get this repair. So if I if I blew $50 and was wrong, it wasn't the end of the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

dismantled the inside of the fridge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

and that was that was a experience in of itself. Gave us an opportunity to defrost the freezer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

But got in there, pulled that fan out, replaced it, and then everything went back to normal. Everything started working great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

And Yep. It really only took a couple hours, so it wasn't that bad, all things considered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

it is absolutely awful to try and displace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

food in your fridge from a 28 cubic foot refrigerator into a 4.4.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

That was that was not fun. I would not recommend You went out to buy the mini fridge to get you get you through this. I did. I did. And the mini fridge is interesting because it's not, like, a really sophisticated piece of technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

So getting the temperature regulation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

to where you want it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

is is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

wouldn't even call it art. It's just pure guesswork, and then you hope. Right? So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

you know, the sliced ham was frozen one day. The next day, the LaCroix was too warm. Like, I I just couldn't win. But things were were safe. They were safe to eat. They just Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

that that little fridge though is hosting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

a bunch of homebrew, so there's that. Nice. Excellent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:27]

So figure you got at least seven years until the next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

repair on the refrigerator. Oh, man. I hope so. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

But all all this to say, it's been an exciting week, I think, for both of us, really, since the last time we met.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:43]

Use the YouTube.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

Right. You know, I mean, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

I hate to put somebody out of business. Right? Like, you know, repairmen need need work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

But I I just I do think there are lot of things. Repairmen need work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:59]

Like, the fact that they're taking a week to come out and see you is kinda telling you, like, I don't really wanna come fix it. Well, that's that's fair. That's fair. I'm I'm sure, like, the the ratio of people to houses that need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

repairs are are probably not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

plentiful. But I you know, I don't know. I like, the the problem with DIY stuff is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

you you kinda, like, scuttle a set of expertise that's out there. And and so I there's trade offs. I I will say this. Sure. I was not particularly thrilled at the idea of having a complete stranger in my home, all things COVID. You know? Because he's also been in how many other homes that day? Yeah. I don't know, man. I'm sure they take precautions,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

and nobody would do anything nefarious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:42]

I I just I don't know. I wasn't really crazy about it. So I'm with you, man. I don't like strangers in my home even when there's not a pandemic going on. Yeah. You know, they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

never clean. They're touching my doorknobs and, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

ugh. Alright,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

Stanley.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:00]

I thought we had something else here, but I guess he just moved things around to how we actually discussed them. Yeah. Just reordered. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:07]

I think we call it a week, John. Call it a week. We'll see if our listeners listen more when we're at thirty six minutes instead of one hour. And when we don't post on Facebook. And when we don't post on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

Alright. Take us out, Stan. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

Wash your hands and wear a mask.

