---
title: Ant Man and the Wasp
episode: 5
date: '2018-08-16T07:00:40.000Z'
slug: ant-man-and-the-wasp/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

With a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So what are we gonna talk about today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

What would we normally talk about if I was calling you on my way home from work?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

I figure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

we haven't talked about Ant Man and the Wasp except a couple of text messages we exchanged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

True. So that that could be that could be fair game. We could talk about that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

You saw it. Right? I did. I saw it a couple weeks ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

Because it would be kinda bad if we tried talking about it and you hadn't seen it. It wouldn't be the first time that's happened. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:55]

no. I saw that with my in laws when my in laws came to visit. Oh, I'm sorry. No. I'm just kidding. I like your in laws. They're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

watching through the whole Marvel Cinematic Universe in order.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Interesting. See, I'm in the process of buying the whole Marvel Cinematic Universe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

out of order.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

You make that sound like a process for you, Stan. It is. I I I'd sit and I deliberate over like, okay, should I really buy this? Should I not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

Oddly enough, I bought Infinity Wars over the weekend and I still have not watched it. Wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

You have been kinda busy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Story is what you're telling me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

I I literally finished my last meeting fifteen minutes later than we were gonna start the podcast. So the same thing's been This is the first time you've been late to one of our recording sessions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

I'm just wanting to, you know, remind you of what it was like to work with Borgardt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

Well, you need to work harder because you let me know that you were gonna be late, and then you were only fifteen minutes late. He claims that he claims that when he gets back to Louisiana, he's gonna listen to the podcast. Oh, yeah? Yeah. That's what he told me. He hasn't he hasn't talked to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

Well, give it time. Give it time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

So I've been I've been buying the Marvel movies. Right? And I'm at a point now where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

the ones I don't own are are easily quantifiable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

I have not bought Winter Soldier yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

Have not bought the Hulk, the one with Edward Norton, which is technically MCU canon, but you know, though it's a little off because of the character change. Right. I haven't bought Doctor Strange,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

though I've seen it probably half a dozen times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

I've not bought Guardians two because I don't like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

And then there's the whole issue of Iron Man. I have Iron Man but it's on DVD.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

It's not in 1080p.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

I'd like all three of them. I bought them way back when. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

And I I actually should double check. I know I've got Iron Man one and two. I'm not entirely certain I have three, so that might be another one. But I've trying to decide No huge loss there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

Well, yeah. That's although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

here's the thing. Iron Man three makes a lot more sense after Infinity Wars. Did you notice that? No. I haven't seen Iron Man three since

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

it came out more or less.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

He's like he's played by this idea of the world being, you know, wiped away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

And when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

Thanos has that that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

conversation with him on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

Titan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

you know, I've seen the destruction of the world too kind of thing. Right. That's some of that harkens back to Iron Man three. Interesting. It's been a while since I've seen Iron Man three. I need to watch it again, but like I definitely put that together when I saw it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

So suffice to say, I I need to decide if I rebuy Iron Man or not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

in order to get it in 1080p and to get it digitally because that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

how I watch movies. I watch them through the Apple TV and the Chrome, not Chromecast, Fire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

Stick. Roku. No, I don't even have the Fire Stick hooked up. Since I bought that Roku TV, I just use Roku.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

Ah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

Living living on the edge. Actually, I will say this. My Roku TV was one of the best buys that I've made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

in the last year. That'll all change on Thursday when I get my new MacBook. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

was one of the best buys I made because it was super cheap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

It has been a really usable television and it did not come with like all of the junk that Samsung does or you know Sony does. Like Samsung, Sony, all of the main TV makers, their interfaces are horrible. I throw LG in that camp too. I used to buy LG TVs almost religiously. So I got to forego all of that and just use Roku and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

it's so much nicer. It is so much nicer than all the other crap that you could potentially have gunking up your TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

I do not have a smart TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

The next TV you buy will almost certainly be a smart TV because it's getting to the point where it's hard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

to not buy a smart TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:56]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

would love just a dumb monitor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

I think I actually think that the Roku setup here might be better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

but you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

Gonna talk about that. Ant Man and the Wasp. We're we're gonna talk about that. Seen it. I saw it once. Did you did you like the original?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

I did. I watched that with you. You bought that because I had not seen it once when I visited you. Do you remember that? I do. I'm not sure if I should say you're welcome or thank you because I I got more compulsive about buying Marvel movies after that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:33]

You're welcome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

Thank you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

I I love the original Ant Man. The original Ant Man is actually one of my favorite Marvel movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

I just I I think it was well put together,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

good story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

I thought it was hilarious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

Yes. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

it just it was a it was a good Marvel movie that I could show someone who's not actively invested in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and I could still enjoy it, which is a big deal. Guardians of Galaxy was that way too, first one. Right. Not the not the second one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

You showed me a link, an article written by somebody you went to high school with Yeah. Right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

That loved the wasp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

but really hated on Ant Man. Hated Did on it pretty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

you read his Ant Man review? I didn't because I was so appalled by the idea of hating on Ant Man that I was like I'm done. I was like this Joker doesn't know what he's talking about. So if this Joker listens you don't know what you're talking about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

He did end up rating it three out of five stars back in 2015

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:36]

so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

okay. So you read a movie that he hated on three out of The problem is these people who go and study film

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:47]

and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:48]

are critics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

Like What what was his beef? Like, what was his beef for the original ean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

Often too slick for its own good,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:00]

blah blah blah blah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

Was it it was predictable? Was that what he what his his crux was?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

Formulaic?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:09]

Just think it's offbeat and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

bad writing. It's all it's all filmy stuff, I think. Yeah. None none of that's concrete. That was kind of my takeaway. Like, his his his writing about the movie, none of it was actually concrete.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

It couldn't point to me what the deficiencies of the movie were.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

Yeah. Which transitions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

us to the Ant Man and the Wasp, which I thought was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

a second rate Marvel movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

And I will give you concrete specific reasons why, but first, I wanna know what did you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:42]

I enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

There I haven't seen a Marvel movie that I didn't enjoy. Even Guardians two, I went in with really low expectations and actually really liked it. I mean, the plot was terrible,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

but it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:55]

Guardians.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

It was funny. It moved forward. It kept my interest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

for Ant Man and the Wasp,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

overall, I liked it. The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

some of the themes were kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

drawn out a little too much. Like, he's still under his house arrest that they gave, like, a whole bunch of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

time and invested that. And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

it just served as some secondary,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

oh, the FBI is gonna show up at his house, so he better get back to his house and stuff like that. So that was kind of overdone for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

Got some laughs out of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:37]

What else do I remember about Ant Man and the Wasp?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

Let me ask you this. Who's who's the bad guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

Who's the bad guy? Yeah. The people who are I guess there are three bad guys, aren't there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

Well, you tell me. Spoil spoiler alert. We're about to ruin this movie. If you haven't seen it, go listen to a different podcast. Right. Why would they listen to an episode where we're talking about Auntman and the Wasp if they haven't seen it yet? Oh, who knows?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

So there's there's like the gangster dude who's just trying to steal the tech to steal the tech. Yep. There's the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

girl with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

phasing out issue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:16]

Ghost. Ghost.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

And kinda her

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

genius guy who she's working with. Laurence Fishburne's character. Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

Alright. And so And then there's the FBI agent, which isn't really a bad guy, but is kinda out to get him. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

Yeah. I think I think the FBI falls into this weird state of you're not supposed to like them. I mean, you don't like them in real life anyhow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

But you're not supposed to like them in the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

but they're not they're not really that they're that bad guy. So here's here's the thing that irked me the most about this movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

We just called out three bad guys,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

all of who could have been the bad guy for the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

but for whatever reason weren't. And none of them really like, the the climax of the story doesn't revolve around any of them. They're all kind of secondary to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

Michelle Pfeiffer, Catwoman, right? Right. And like the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

movie had kind of a split personality because of this. So it didn't climax around any of the bad guys. It sort of tried to climax around Michelle Pfeiffer but there was Yeah. This So there's like this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

point where that changes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

and I think it's all to lead into the post credit scene which we'll talk about later. Exactly. Exactly. And I think like the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

the the value of the movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

comes from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Michelle Pfeiffer coming back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

them understanding that they could potentially fix Ghost,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

and then getting stuck in the quantum Realm. But that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

the post credit scene. That's the setup for Avengers four. That's not the movie. And you have to look at the movie without that post credit scene and just say, all right, does work

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

by itself?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

And if I look at it from the standpoint of I don't know who the villain is, I don't actually know where the climax of the movie is because there are like two or three points in which you could say the story peaks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

but they it doesn't like it doesn't have the type of crescendo that that the good Marvel movies have. It it suffers from a lack of focus. Again, too many villains,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

not a clear like focal point to the climax of the story. The other thing I'd say is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

the Michelle Pfeiffer character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

felt forced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

I just didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

I don't know. I loved her as Catwoman.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

I don't think she made a very good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

you know, grandma wasp. I don't remember what her character's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

name is. But there was an awful lot of Janet. Janet, thank you. There's an awful lot of importance put upon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

a character that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

I just think she acted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

poorly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

I think there was too much unanswered about her time in the quantum realm. I think there's too much unknown about how she changed and how she survived.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

And all of those things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

make that whole her coming back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

really just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

rough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

It was not a smooth transition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

The whole thing where Ant Man like kind of talks like he's her, this is super awkward. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

didn't add anything to the story. It just it was weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:34]

This whole Well, that was a was a play on the ant thing, wasn't it? With the antenna.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

You know? Is that is that what you think it was? I think it was. I didn't mind that part. I I think that that whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

the whole ending could have been written a little better,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

but I wouldn't call that the worst part of the movie. They should have focused on ghost as a real villain because Marvel movies are only as strong as their villains. Exactly. Exactly. And that would have made it a much stronger movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:02]

I also thought that the chemistry

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:05]

between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:06]

Ant Man and Wasp was a little forced to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:11]

what's his name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

I think it's Lost Girl. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

Oh, that's right. She's from Lost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

I don't know why that didn't click for me until you just said that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:24]

Good lord. I could totally talk about Lost for six or seven episodes to get me all riled up. Yeah. I might have been able to until, you know, Lost ended, and I never really wanna talk about it again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:36]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

Worst last season of a show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

That's saying something. Yeah. It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

And that's even worse than the last season of Mad Men. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

the the thing I think I think you're right. If they had just focused on Ghost being the bad guy, it would have been a much better movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

I I the thing with Michelle Pfeiffer, what they said is that she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

implanted a message or connection in his brain while he was in the quantum realm. Right. When they crossed paths in the quantum realm. Yeah. Which is totally like projected on the previous movie. It was very clear to me that that was not part of the story when they started the Ant Man character. And I think that's what annoyed me about it. So I think that was poorly done. I think it was unnecessary. I think they could have come up with a better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

explanation there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

In the end,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

felt like, okay, yeah, I'll probably buy it. It was a very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

funny movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

really enjoy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

Luis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

Like that dude is just hilarious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

The kid is very funny. I thought the dynamic between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

his ex wife and her new husband was also quite comical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

I generally like Pym as a character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

I just I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

The focal point of the story was not there. It didn't rope me in. So I enjoyed it for all of the periphery rather than the story itself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:02]

Alright. And the other thing I would point out is it's kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

surface level all the way through. There aren't really any big deep themes underneath it as you get, like, with some of Iron Man's internal conflict or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:17]

stuff along that nature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

Yeah. Actually, that's a good angle. Right? Like, the actual character development of Ant Man or even of the Wasp is is pretty thin if existed at all. And I think I do think that is a detractor because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

the first movie is all his his character development. And I think that that is part of what makes it a fun little story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

So I will summarize this in saying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

that your buddy from high school is wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

I would love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

to tell him that he's wrong. I'm very passionate about Marvel movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

And this is life with a twist of lemon. Yeah. Exactly. Scamble. Ant man Ant man was awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

Ant man and the wasp was mediocre.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

It was better than guardians two, which is still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

hands down the worst Marvel movie ever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

period.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Full stop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

You just take out this whole story of him and his dad, and that movie is epic, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

So you don't even have to completely eliminate his dad. You just have to eliminate that scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

where he's telling the history

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

and he's doing the weird like claymation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

stop motion stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

If you cut that out, that movie gets infinitely better. That is one of the funnier Marvel movies. Like as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

a whole, it's one of the funnier Marvel movies. It's up there with Dark World for me in terms of like just raw

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

laughter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

it's just a bad story. It's just a really bad story. The dude's got daddy issues and that's what it revolves around. And truthfully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

helps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

us understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

the Hulk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

in the transition to Infinity Wars. Beyond that, I don't feel like it or not the Hulk, no, what am I saying?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

That's Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

I actually don't know that it adds anything to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

the Infinity Wars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

storyline, does it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

Like, I I feel like I'm trying to keep them all separate now. I I feel like it doesn't because it plays into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

It it does, but not in a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

substantive way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

I don't know. Like I almost wonder if you drop Guardians two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

is there something in Infinity War that's not going to click for you? And I don't know the answer to it. I'm going to take that as homework. It gives me a reason to buy another Marvel movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

But I think that that could be an interesting argument as to the weakness of that particular film. I wanna belabor Guardians too too much. I do wanna talk about that post credit scene on Ant Man and Wasp. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:01]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

made the movie for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

In a nutshell, right, there's the scene where Pym and Janet

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

there as well as the wasp and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Ant Man is in the quantum realm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

supposedly gathering up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

call do it? Quantum power or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:23]

quantum energy? Yeah, quantum In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

order to be used, we think to help heal ghosts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

It's not entirely clear, but what does happen is while Ant Man is in the quantum realm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

the snapping of the fingers for Thanos occurs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

and everybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

disappears

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

on the other side. So he actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

we're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

left thinking he is stuck in the quantum realm because there's nobody to pull him back out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

And I believe, I firmly believe that this is the key to Avengers four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Maybe more so than anything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

So let's talk about the quantum realm. What do you know about the quantum realm?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

Not a lot. You don't wanna dive too deep. Otherwise, you'll be lost forever. Yeah. Supposedly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

So we have we have two references that I can think of to the quantum realm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

One

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

is in Ant Man, the original, right? When he goes into the quantum realm and miraculously comes out of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

But the other is in Doctor Strange.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

So, I can't remember what's her name, the bald

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

lady.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

I'm drawing a blank. I'm so bad with names.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

She like sends

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

Strange into the quantum realm very briefly. It's that weird

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

prism or what do they call it, kaleidoscope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

type effect that they do where he's tumbling. Right. Supposedly, he's tumbling through the quantum realm there. And I think that that's actually the first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

foray into the quantum realm for us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

I think, you know, if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

acknowledge that Strange in Infinity Wars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

sees

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

through time, right, he sees all the permutations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

We can assume that he knows that Ant Man is going to be stuck in the quantum realm. He's going to miss Thanos' finger snapping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

There's another character that presumably he knows will miss that, which is Captain Marvel. And I believe in the comics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

doesn't Captain Marvel have a quantum realm connection?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:29]

You are the comic book nerd.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

This could be a question for Patrick Sturgeon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

I need to follow-up on this. I think there's a quantum realm connection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

So my my suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

and there's that line too that Janet has about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

like losing a sense of time in the quantum realm. Right. Right? And so my suspicion is that Ant Man and Captain Marvel are going to leverage the quantum realm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

to bring everybody back. And maybe that involves the other Avengers. I don't entirely know, but I think Avengers four will largely focus around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

the quantum realm. Strange is gonna get involved again. You know, there was that purported leak

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

with the Spider Man guy talking about how Strange has got all the hard lines because they're about complicated things like the quantum realm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

And Strange doesn't actually have any Infinity War's references

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

to the quantum realm, so that would lead one to believe that it's an Avengers four thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

That's my suspicion. That's how I think that everybody comes back from the dead. We fix the timeline and all of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

I think that that's what's so critical about Ant Man's little teaser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

I have to say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

nothing made me more excited for Captain Marvel than that scene. Even more so than the teaser at the end of Infinity Wars. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

So when's that release date? I don't know, man. I'd have to look that up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

It's is it is that still this year? I thought so. Is it November or something?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

That would make sense. I think that might be right because weren't we postulating that we could go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

see it together?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

No. We were talking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:12]

Fantastic Beasts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:14]

Okay. Captain Marvel 2019,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

March

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:18]

2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

March 2019. That seems like forever. So does that mean we're out of Marvel movies for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

the season?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

I thought so there's, like, all those kind of peripheral ones, like the Spider Verse thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

It's not this year though, is it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:34]

I thought it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

Well, we need to definitely do our homework before we Venom, October 5.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

Venom isn't an MCU movie, though. That's Right. That's owned by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

who's does Sony have the rights to that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

Sony

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

It looks like junk by the way. I saw the trailer. I'm totally Sony

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

is doing it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

Yeah. So that'll be about as good as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

Fantastic Four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

Remember Fantastic Four? I do. You remember the original Fantastic Four? Yes, I do. With Captain America?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Yes. Yeah. That was a that was a bad set of movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

The first one wasn't first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

horrific,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

the second one was horrific. The second one I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

franchise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

got axed because of that second one it was completely deserved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

But Yep. So Captain Marvel is the next MCU movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

That's a big break, man. It's a big lull.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

Dark Phoenix comes out in February

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

in the x men universe where a game of thrones girl plays Phoenix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

Now is that one won't be an m c u though. No. That's the x men universe that they've been doing forever. Yeah. But isn't Disney's acquiring them. They'll get all those characters back, won't they?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

So this movie is twentieth Century Fox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

Yeah they're gonna get twentieth Century Fox through the acquisition right? Oh right right right right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

I think that's exciting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

I wish it had happened a little sooner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

It probably won't impact that movie because that movie has been in production long before acquisitions. But I think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

could be a game changer for the future of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. You get to bring in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

the X Men characters. There is actual overlap in the comics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

you know, similar to what they did with Spider Man and Sony.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

hopefully

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

that'll happen and we'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

get all that. That would be great because then it takes that whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

mutant aspects to things like Agents of Shield and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

codifies it in a better way. Because right now they're trying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

so hard to talk about mutants without saying mutants,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

right, in humans.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

But that's really what they're referring to. Did you watch this last season of Agents of Shield? I have not yet. Was it good? I liked it. I mean, it was much better than the season before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

Okay. Alright. It's different, but I liked it. Is that is that on Netflix?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

Yeah. Okay. I need to I need to probably re up my Netflix subscription

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

and spend some time focusing on that. I've got another season of Luke Cage which I know you're not a big fan of.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

Yeah. So I think I'm three episodes into the second season of Luke Cage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

Luke Cage is another one of those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

Marvel Netflix shows that has two distinct arcs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:33]

in it, you know? Right. So you've almost got two distinct villains even and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

I don't know. I haven't decided if I actually like that or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

I liked Luke Cage the first season more than Jessica Jones the first season, which I've told you in the past I really did not like. Luke Cage is definitely an acquired taste.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

I'm hopeful for Luke Cage two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

I just I don't want to miss anything is really what it comes down to. So I will watch Luke

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Cage season two just to be able to say that I've seen. I probably won't start any of this until September because realistically I'm just I'm not gonna watch anything between now and September 1.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

Airplanes, Dan, on the airplane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

Dude, I'm on the airplane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

I read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

Yeah. That's I I completely disconnect and just but I shouldn't say it's completely disconnect because I'm usually holding a Kindle or an iPad to read but I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

typically get plain internet or do any of that stuff. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

sit and read. If I listen to anything there'll be a little bit of jazz just to block out the noise of the engine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

Actually, are you reading right now? Are reading anything actively?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

Yeah. I'm reading that Kingdom Grace

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

and something K pop judgment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

Kingdom grace judgment. Yeah. It's Yeah. Great. Look at the parables.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

He really brings the scriptures alive in ways that some of our favorite pastors do as well. Yep. How now how far are you have you gotten through, like, all of grace? Are you, like, halfway through, where are you at? So I'm like three chapters then. I started it Sunday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

Okay. Good deal. Yeah. That's a I think that's a really great book. So he's not he's not Lutheran which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

anathema to some of our friends like they just don't wanna read non Lutheran books. But I think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

it's a little reassuring too to see people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

handle the gospel outside of Lutheranism in a faithful way, and that is really what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

that text does, think. The whole book is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

trying to take the parables

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

and read them in the lens of Jesus without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

yielding to pietism in doing so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

And I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

he debunks some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

very common ways of reading the parables that are just wrong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

flips them on their head and drives you back to Christ and him crucified.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:53]

I love that book. I'm a big fan. Yeah. I love his whole thesis about what the Bible is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

Yeah. Do you have it? Read it. I don't have it in front of me, but it's something along the lines of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

showing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

how the kingdom of god works or something like that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

It's so we'll have to we'll have to talk about that more maybe in a future episode because I think that that book

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

I feel like we could we could definitely do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

do an episode on that. It's a good text.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

You were you were reading something else just recently though. Right? Or did you finish it up? Yeah. So I finished the second book from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:32]

kind of the Shinara fantasy series. So this was the Elf Stones of Shinara.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

Well, that's okay as far as fantasy goes. Not the best I've ever read, not the worst.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

Okay. I have no idea what Shinara is. I've I've not really gotten into the fantasy game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

Yeah. So the first book is The Sword of Shinara

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

by Terry Brooks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

So recommend or not recommend?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

If you're into fantasy, I would recommend. If

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

you aren't into fantasy, I'll send you the better fantasy first. So I I like Harry Potter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:07]

Yeah. So Harry Potter would be, like, a very interesting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

well written

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

fantasy. This is more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:17]

so you're dealing with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:19]

elves and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

dwarves and things like that. So Okay. More along the lines of the Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter. It's not really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

using magic as a literary device. There's only a handful of people who can actually handle magic in books. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

doesn't quite sound up my alley but keep it in the back of my mind. I've got a stack of books too tall to even begin. I know. You've been reading a lot this year. What are you So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

I'm in the middle of a book called The Great Triumvirate. I'm actually a little more than halfway through, which is a book about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

Henry Clay,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

John Calhoun,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

and Daniel Webster,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

are three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

guys who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

hold spots in both houses of Congress and in various cabinets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

ranging from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

basically the Monroe administration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

up through,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

guess, all the way to Polk. So, they've got this wide swath of history and they all overlap in the Senate for a while

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

around the Jacksonian period, and they basically are the founders of the Whig party.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

What's interesting about the book is it covers these three gentlemen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

from largely a policy standpoint and sets them in the context. I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

been reading presidential biographies. I made it up through Jackson. That's kind of when I made this transition. And it just adds a lot of additional color to what's going on. I'm enjoying it. It's a huge book. It's very dense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

So consequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

I've been moving slowly but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

Thrawn's new book or just Timothy Zahn's new book about Thrawn called Alliances, which is Thrawn and Vader

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

overlapping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

just came out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

always request new books to the library, I put in a requisition to buy them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

And they got it for me, so I've been certain that as well. So far it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

awesome. Zahn is, I mean he's quintessential Star Wars,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

I've just barely grazed the top of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

Well, we'll have to talk about books some other time. Yeah. Yeah. At some point, I'm gonna recover my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

copy of Mere Christianity from a box of books that was left at my, in laws. And and we'll definitely have to talk about that because I know you're a big CS Lewis fan. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

So but that's for next time because For next time. Yeah. Now I gotta go to dinner.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:42]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:43]

Well, we'll talk to you later, Stan. Hey. If you like life with a twist of lemon, hit subscribe or rate us on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:50]

That kind of stuff helps us and share it with your friends.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

On Facebook too. Right? On Facebook. Yes. We're on Facebook. Yeah. Occasionally, even post on the page because, you know, if I just post on the page, Facebook's not gonna show it to anyone unless I give them money. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

We don't give them we don't give them money, though, do we? No. We do not. This this is a bare bones podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

Oh, hey. Before we sign off real quick, I I got bad news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

You know how I said that my mom would listen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:18]

She didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

My mom listened. She's out of the country. She doesn't even know. She's been, like, totally disconnected from everything, so she's got no clue. So not even my would listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

in other countries. My dad listened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:31]

Just Canada currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

My my dad listened. He commented on on a post on Facebook, which is good. The only person who has commented on our Facebook page. Thank thank thank you, dad. I appreciate it. My

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

kids listened to the first version by or the first episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

by request.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

If I can stand and listen to my voice, they might they might ask that we listen to another Well, now they can just ask Alexa to play it. And That is true. They're all done. I I don't think they were around when I when I tested that, but it could be interesting. Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

John. Until, until next time. We'll see you soon.

