---
title: The Best Podcast you Probably Won't Listen To
episode: 16
date: 2018-11-01T12:02:28.000Z
slug: the-best-podcast-you-probably-wont-listen-to/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses Apple's latest product releases, specifically the
  MacBook Air and iPad Pro, with hosts John and Stan sharing their personal
  experiences and opinions on these devices. They also touch on their previous
  purchases and how they've affected their tech lives. The conversation is
  light-hearted and focused on everyday tech topics.
keywords:
  - Apple
  - MacBook Air
  - iPad Pro
  - TruMotion
  - Pencil
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:18]

This is life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:22]

So I gotta get a new chair. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

it's the last thing I need to kind of get my office up to snuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

I'm I'm sitting on a folding chair right now because it's the only thing I have that doesn't creak

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

whenever I shift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

You have a standing desk, don't you, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

I do, but I'm not gonna I don't know. It's weird to then we'll stay on time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:45]

Maybe. I don't I don't know that's move around more. That's true. Yeah. I I I don't I don't think that's good for our recording quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

Alright. If you say so. If Roman Mars sits down when he records his TED talk slash radio show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

then Stan Lemmon can sit down while he records life with a twist of lemon. There you go. That's the gold standard right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Roman Mars has such a beautiful voice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

He does. You know, it's interesting. I heard him

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

he was interviewed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:18]

on ninety nine p I while they were doing their special

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

clothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

I'm trying to remember what it was called now. They had a special clothing, like, mini series.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

Right. And he like, the second episode of that. Okay. So it I don't know. It's like the last episode, second last episode, something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

They interviewed him, and his voice sounded different. And I I think he might have had, like, something sinus y going on, but it also wasn't wasn't his podcast voice. It was really odd.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

I'm Roman Mars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

Yeah. There you go. I'm John Kollmeyer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

From beautiful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

downtown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

Cedar Rapids, Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

Are you actually downtown?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

I'm in the Newbo District, which I guess is a separate district from downtown, but Cedar Rapids isn't that big. Yeah. Well, I'm I'm coming to you live from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

beautiful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

area of Wanamaker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

which I think is only a single block. But yeah. Don't they have a a golf tournament there? The Wanamaker trophy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

Different Wannamaker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

That would be news to me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

Wannamaker is home to the Marion County Fairgrounds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

that's really the thing that's seen. Claim to fame? That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

and the Lemon Bunker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:34]

Well, there you go. And I think there's a place called The Ordinary that a lot of people talk about, which I I believe serves pizza. I have not tried it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

It if it's got a if it's got beer, I should try it. I should check that out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

I just don't I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

maybe you don't have this happen to you, but people get excited about pizza joints and like, oh, you gotta go try this pizza joint. And I'm always like, no.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

I really don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

I'm with you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

Someday, I'll have to write up my pizza recipe and post it on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

You're really just gonna give that away for free?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

Sure, man. I mean, it's not, it's like it's not rocket science. Right? It's it's real simple ratios.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

And when you look at when you look at what it is, it's really simple ingredients. It's all purpose flour.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

It's the the magic ingredient is double zero flour.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

It's water,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:32]

salt,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

yeast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

and olive oil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

It's mean, this most like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

a pizza dough. Yeah. Yeah. The the trick is the double zero flour. Right? We've talked about this before, but double zero flour. Your own technique that I think really makes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

the pizza crust wonderful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

never really thought of it as a unique

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

technique, but I'll I'll I'll take your word for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

You just care more than everyone else, Dan. That's what it comes down to. Could be. Although, I'll tell you what, I got it down to a science man. I can make that pizza now in almost no time at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

Can you have it delivered to me in thirty minutes or less?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

No. Because you live more than thirty minutes away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

K. You should work on that next.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

I'll I'll get right on that, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

So good news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

I caved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

I pulled up reddit.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

Oh, my.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

I did two searches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

One for life with a twist of lemon, zero results.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

Then I googled or I searched Reddit to guess can you Google Reddit? Who knows? But anyways, I put Stan Lemon in the search bar and zero results.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

Alright. Well, if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

there have been any complaints from our 10 listeners,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

they have not been put on the Internet apparently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

At least not in a way in which we can find, which is okay. Like, not really something that we would use even less than Reddit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

No. You're all into Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

Oh, yeah. We get messages on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:13]

Yeah. We did. My buddy Eric sent us a message. I had no idea how to how to get to that page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

You clicked on the notification,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

Stan, and it takes you right there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:23]

There was a wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. There was a link in the email?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Oh, you got an email notification?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

Yeah. I got an email notification. Was a link in the email. I have all those email notifications turned off. That would be annoying.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

I I mean, that's the only way I function. And I'll be honest with I'd I'd like, as a rule, never click links in an email. So I went to facebook.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

and then proceeded to try and navigate to find out what I was looking for. Yeah. And it took it took quite a while. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

thank you, Eric, for sending a message on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

I I believe Eric would be what? Listener number seven or eight? Or what do we It's definitely under 10. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:04]

Someday, John. Someday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

So what do you wanna talk about this week, Stan? I don't know. Do you go trick or treating?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

No. I do not go trick or treating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

Do you get trick or treating? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

And being in our secured

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

apartment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

complex

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

slash building,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

no trick or treaters find their way to my door.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

But next year, you will have a house, and then you will have trick or treaters.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

And the question is, will you buy candy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

that's I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

I'd seem good. Are you gonna would you this is again prophetic for next year. Are you would you buy candy and hand it out or no?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

So I think I would be all into this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

The trick will be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

convincing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

missus Kolmeyer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

that if I go out and buy candy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

that it's not just for her and for her to distribute to her classroom of children.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

Okay. That seems reasonable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:59]

So I I don't like I don't get into walking around. I usually let Sarah take the kids, but I typically like to actually stay at home and hand candy out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

At the old place, I sat at the end of the driveway

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

in a folding chair with a six pack of beer and just, you know, handed candy out, usually big handfuls. This year though,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:21]

I we're actually not gonna do any handing out, which is kinda sad because we live in a pretty busy neighborhood with a lot of kids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

But, we've got we've got a reformation service, so we're gonna go do that instead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

You're gonna go to church instead of pass out candy to little children?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

Yeah. What can I say? I don't know how my kids are gonna handle it. We'll we'll see. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

Church doesn't do like a trunk or treat thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

Not our church. I'm sure there's one nearby that does, but I I don't know. I mean I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

see, here's the thing. I'm maybe I'm a bad dad, but it's like if my kids want candy, I'm just gonna be like, alright, what kind of candy do you want? And I'll go get it, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:02]

So I'm probably a bad dad. Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

So why would you go to a reformation service over what everybody else in the country is doing, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:12]

Well, because I mean, that's this is are you asking me, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

are you trying to to for me to explain why reformation happens on All Hallows' Eve?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

If you wanna jump right to that, sure. I'm just wondering why you think reformation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

trumps candy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

well, I mean, so I look at it from this standpoint. Right? Like, I I like my church. I like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:36]

receiving the body and blood of Jesus. This is like, you know, the bonus round, midweek bonus round. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

I'm gonna go do that. And, you know, our I think our closest

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

friends are there and we just we like our little community and again, you know, bonus round, more Jesus. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

Yeah. I will be at a reformation service as well, but I'm at church every Wednesday night. But this week, I'll be thoroughfur.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:05]

Okay. Let me let me remember. That's the one that swings the little thing around that's on fire?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

Yeah. Pretty much. More or less. The thoroughfur, and he holds a thoroughbull.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

Thorable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

Yeah. Which has it actually has incense in it. Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

Yeah. A coal that looks a lot like a hookah coal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

with some frankincense put on top. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

It's the liturgical hookah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

More or less. Yeah. I'm I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

that I mean, that should be fun. I I always enjoy reformation service. You can't beat the hymns. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

True.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

You should throw out a mighty fortress. Right? That's that's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

that's the big one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

Mighty fortress. What else do we sing on Sunday? We celebrated reformation on Sunday, and we're doing it on Wednesday as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:59]

Oh, interesting. So we did, Simon and Jude

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:03]

Yeah. On Sunday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

he's saying,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

oh God, oh Lord of heaven and earth, Lord, us steadfast in thy word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

We did d s five. We do d s five probably, like, every month and a half or so. But I'm I'm not a fan. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

weren't a fan. Why not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

I don't know. I'm not a good singer, man. Like, that's not my thing. I'm not like you or missus center.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

No. I'm I'm okay that. Missus Lemon sing sing the Luther hymns?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:33]

Well, I don't know, man. Like, when when you're in the pew, I can follow you along and do a, you know, moderately adequate job. But otherwise, when I'm on my own,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:42]

you know, not, not so good. And two, d s five is hard. Like, it's musically, it's not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:49]

musically, it's just not as as easier. It's just straightforward as d s three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

Isaiah Mighty Seer is more difficult to sing than Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

Whenever the song to Susan. Nah. It might actually be the same difficulty to sing as d s three. D s one is easier. No. No. No. No. Isaiah Mighty Seer is much harder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

For for those of us that are not musically inclined, Isaiah Mighty Seer is much more difficult.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

But in Divine Surveys three, it just starts so high.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

Yeah. I I don't know. Like, that that's not that's not the thing that makes Isaiah Mighty Seer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

more challenging. Like, it's not the range. It's just the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

I I I don't know. It's just it's just challenging. And think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

if in a normal congregation, if you listen to people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

struggle through it, you'll you'll kinda get my gist. Like, it's just a more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

it's just a a more musically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

inclined

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

arrangement, and that's fine. Like, I like listening to it. I just don't enjoy singing it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:52]

Well, we'll teach you, Stan. Alright. We'll keep working on that. Maybe maybe by the time I turn 40.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

Ironically, our congregation doesn't have any trouble with that because we sing it, like, once every six weeks or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

But switch imagine that would help. We switch to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

difficult version of we all believe in one true God.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:15]

I don't know that We I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

ho ho ho ho be healing one true God.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:22]

You just sang on the podcast. Now that's like a whole different category.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

So that one instead of we all believe in one true God.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

No? Trying to think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

No. I I know what you're I know what you're referring to. I just I'm I'm sitting here thinking I can't remember which one I'm more accustomed to singing, which is which is odd. But yeah. I don't know. Hey. So hey. Here's the bottom line though. Right? Like, reformation service, lots of good hymns, lots of good musical choices, good reason to go. Yes. My kids will not have candy, but alas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

I will I will take Stop for ice cream afterwards? Yeah. Probably. Plus, it's supposed to rain all day tomorrow, so I don't you know, they're not gonna be out that much anyhow. Wait. So do they have costumes this year? Yeah, man. I didn't tell you about this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

I don't like that. So Evelyn is Aurora,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

which we had to practice. She was saying Sleeping Beauty. I'm like, nah, you gotta get the name right. Right? So she says Aurora.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

Lucy is Maleficent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:21]

and she pulls off a pretty good Maleficent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

And then Henry Henry is on this Pokemon kick right now, and we got him a Pikachu costume.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

What? Yeah. Doesn't fit with the theme at all, Stan. No. It it doesn't. It doesn't. But what's been funny is he's he's got this hat, this, like, for the Pikachu costume,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

and he wears it all the time. So ever since he got it, he's been constantly, like you know, normal kids, they wear, like, a baseball cap or whatever. He's running around with a Pikachu hat on. So go figure. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

Gotta catch them all. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

So the next time we record,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

it'll be election night. Are you gonna vote this year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

I haven't decided yet. Don't send me hate mail.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:02]

It's just it's so sad to think you're skirting out on your civic duty. My civic duty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

Yeah. So tell me, Stan, how do you decide who to vote for?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

I think I imagine we have similar political views, and I find a heck of a time finding someone to vote for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:19]

Yeah. So this is always challenging. Right? Because the my inclination often is to vote against someone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:27]

but then I have to stop myself because I don't want to vote

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:31]

against something. I wanna vote for something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

Because, you know, if you keep up with that logic, you end up with a president Trump.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

Not necessarily. Not necessarily. Nice try. Nice try.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:47]

the way I'm I'm in a whole new district, right, from the last time I voted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

There are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

different things going on the ballot. Indiana has a constitutional amendment right now. So there's a lot of interesting things happening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:59]

I began

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

my kind of research phase

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

using e the people,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

which the Indie Star, which is the newspaper that I get, had partnered up with to do like a whole little click through thing on their website. But I I I really liked it because it basically allowed me to plug in my address. It showed me exactly what was gonna be on the ballot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

for candidates that had filled out profile information that was displayed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:24]

and I just kinda worked my way through it. What was interesting, like, constitutional amendment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

I went through the extra motion of, like, pulling up the resolution that the house and senate passed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:33]

and reading the full text. I read the actual section of the constitution that's been amended just to, like, wrap my head around it because there's a lot of fodder

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

about the amendment, very partisan fodder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

I I had never I don't know if I'd paid attention or whatever, but we have this,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:51]

retention thing with judges. So Indiana is interesting where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

a judge is appointed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:58]

and then retained

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

through election.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:03]

Yeah. You basically, like, cast a vote that you don't wanna kick him out of office. So I I don't know how that See It'd be it'd always vote against all the sitting judges.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

Don't know if that's the right word,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

through election. I I typically do that too. Right? So I'm I'm a big fan of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

kinda kicking out the incumbents. I think as long as the government's changing hands,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

we're we're in a better, like, situation as citizens than if they continue to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

get comfortable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

Right. You know, I I just think it's it's proper for politicians to become regular citizens periodically. I think it's it's good for them and it's good for us. So I I'm with you there. With with Indiana, like, appointed judges,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

I have less of a problem with than elected judges.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

So so Indiana's thing is weird,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

and I I don't have an I don't have an objection to keeping a judge most of the time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

But, you know, when it comes down down to, like, we've got a contentious senate run right now. We've got a,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

not very contentious

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

house seat open.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

And then we've got, you know, county and and those kind of things going on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:26]

In in that realm,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

I I just look at each candidate and their issues. I have things that are very important to me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

and I I focus on those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

and kinda go from there. I value

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

what I would consider bipartisanship,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

right? I value at least the ability for a candidate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

to work across the aisle and not be inflammatory.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

That's kind of what bothers me about my my current representative

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

Andre Carson. He's just he's very he's very partisan. His his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

isn't everyone now, Stan? Well, I mean At least at the national level?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

At the national level, I think it is overwhelmingly so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

And it's sad, but I don't know. I I think there are a few bright spots

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

and and I look for those, right? And so, know, again, my my representative kinda irks me. I have a tendency me personally to gravitate towards libertarian candidates. That kinda goes back to that whole I wanna vote for something, not vote against something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:26]

And so, know, I'll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

I guess throw my vote away. Although I don't I don't view it as throwing my vote away, but I know some people say that in terms of voting for a third party candidate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:37]

I think there's value in that. I think we'd be better off with more choice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

you know, less less

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

political parties. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

I don't know, John. Like, it it definitely it can be discouraging,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

but I think it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

I think it's worth going and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

doing even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:55]

even if it feels hopeless at times, which it kind of I like, I admit it kinda feels right now. Right? Like, the the I I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

don't know if anybody I voted for in the last election won.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

you know, like, that can be a little defeating, but it is what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

So do you research everybody on the ballot?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

I try to. It's hard with county stuff, or least it was in Jackson County. All these weird elected positions that you have no idea what they even do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

Yeah. I I will I will tell you that I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

I am also comfortable if I don't know enough to vote for a specific spot. When I go to the ballot, I will not cast a vote for that particular Okay. That was my next question. Yeah. Because if you ever leave anything blank or if you just, like, fill in the libertarian circle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

Yeah. I mean, so a lot of times, especially with, like, county or school district seats and stuff like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

There isn't a libertarian candidate or sometimes they don't even necessarily declare a party. It just like it gets really obscure. It's hard to find information on those individuals.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

And if I if I don't have enough information to feel informed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:01]

you know, I I just I won't I won't cast it. But I I do try and do my homework before I get there. Right? So I I try and look up who's on my ballot. I start there, find out just who's going to be on my ballot. Do you know if your ballot is still valid if you don't vote for every

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

everything that's up? In Indiana, it is. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

I don't know. Is that maybe not in every state. That was it's probably good to I don't know. The house. I've ever lived in Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:27]

yeah. And I never do the there's always the the straight party line button,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

you know, the digital one. I know I've I've never done that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:35]

Actually I kinda like my stomach turns thinking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

people that that vote that blindly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:40]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

send the hate mail or, you know, rather post on Reddit. Post it on Reddit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:47]

Oh, John, you're dragging me down, man. I don't wanna even think about the election. I guess we can talk a little bit more about the election

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:52]

in a week from now. Right. But, we gotta do something a little more positive. You know what will cheer you up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:58]

A milkshake?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

I had a milkshake this last week. That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

amazing because I didn't. Tell me about it, John. Where'd you go? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

I went to Freddy's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

which is I guess it's a national chain. I saw one outside of Seymour last time I drove through. Yeah. There's one in Columbus. We actually rode our bikes past it, John. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

Yeah. So they do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

a really, really bad version of a Chicago style hot dog, which I would never recommend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

But we just went for ice cream after we stopped at the Mexican place. Did you get a hot dog? Like, how do you know that it's bad?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

when I first found out that Freddy's was a thing, when they opened one three blocks away from where I lived, I went there and kinda got like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

steak and shake vibe, I guess. I said, Chicago style hot dog. Alright. I'll try it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

It was the last time I ever did that, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

It just seems like a bad, bad call.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

I I didn't grow up in Chicago. I was young. I was stupid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

Was just last year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

No. This was like four years ago. Alright. Alright. So the milkshake though. What did you get? So I got straight up chocolate milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

It's custard. Standard. They use custard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Yeah. Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

slurpability?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

They actually used a chocolate custard. So it would be g like, if you got a scoop of chocolate custard in a dish or whatever, that's what they used. Thinned it out with milk. Respectable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

did not do it in a stainless steel cup. It was just in this plastic cup, which was fairly thick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

But since they weren't using syrup, it's hard to tell if that made a huge difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

Serpability was good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

They thinned it out enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

It also came with one of those giant straws.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

And otherwise, it tasted like you would expect a decent chocolate custard to taste

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

than a drinkable format.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

So did you prefer the custard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:03]

over and above,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

you know, an ice cream based milkshake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

Because I imagine it was richer. It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

I would say probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

I think that I would go straight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

traditional ice cream

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

over the custard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

But this was a respectable milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

So if you don't have any place better to try out, Freddie's was pretty good. My wife loves theirs. Go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:29]

for it. Well, let's let's bubble sort this. Okay?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

Better or worse than Portillo's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

I would say better than Portillo's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

Better or worse than Five Guys?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

Worse than Five Guys. Although, I haven't gotten just a straight up chocolate milkshake at Five Guys. I should do that. Okay. But apples to apples comparisons.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

Like, just by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

virtue of being ice cream versus custard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

does Five Guys trumpet? Okay. I would say Five Guys, and Five Guys has better presentation. They put whipped cream on top, you know. Oh, no whipped cream, really. No whipped cream.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:06]

Oof. That, that's dicey. Okay. And so then what about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

the Cedar Rapids popcorn company?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

I need to go back before I can speak to that. So it wasn't mixed overly well at the popcorn company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

so that would lower that on the list. I also chose the wrong kind of ice cream,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

so,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

that's kinda on me. Right. Because I have the high needs to be there. The high debris, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

Right. They're You know, peanut butter cookie dough or something like that. So Okay. Alright. So if I'm if I'm listening to you correctly, you would probably stack it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

Five Guys,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

Freddy's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

popcorn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

Portillo's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

And I like the Arby's milkshake, which is up there somewhere too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

That's right. That's probably above Portillo's. I I just can't I couldn't get over that one. So it would be in the middle, Stan. It was a good milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

It was not a bad milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

but there was nothing that really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

brought it over the top like Five Guys would.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:12]

So I did not have a milkshake this week. I have nothing to report on. It was an odd week in that regard. I did have ice cream twice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

so there is that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

Alright. And I will tell you that Evelyn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

just kind of a little dovetail here. Evelyn is determined to stay up late enough one night to talk to you about donuts because that is her Donuts. Expertise. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

Yep. I really will be weighing three hundred pounds if I start trying donuts every week. Oh, man. You have no idea. It's it's a constant battle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

So no milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

but do you have new Apple stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

coming?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

Coming. I see how you added that little little, addendum in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

Whatever, John, do you think I would have bought?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

So today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

I didn't even really pay any attention that their hardware event was today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:06]

Today's Tuesday. We're recording I get that right into my calendar. Like, soon as I hear it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

I'm on Twitter. I block it off on the work calendar, make sure nobody can schedule over it. And this one was especially good because it was at 10AM eastern.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

Yep. So they announced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

new hardware refreshes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

basically. You got new iPad Pro and Apple Pencil. I'll combine those together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

A

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

updated MacBook Air, which actually looks pretty awesome. And what I think you bought is a new Mac Mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

Like, I don't think you waited ten seconds before you pre ordered a new Mac mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:45]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

I definitely thought about it. I thought You thought about it? Very hard about it. I actually did not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

buy a Mac mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:55]

Man. I think because I just bought that MacBook Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

but that Mac mini is a legit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

machine and and I I see one in my future. There's no You doubt about retired

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

your last Mac Mini earlier this year. Right? Yeah. It it last And that was a 2009

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

edition?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:17]

No. I think it was it was maybe it was '9 Was it later? That was '11. It's it's it it was at least Anyways. Seven years old. Yeah. It was old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

and you worked that thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

you used it a lot, and you said you didn't even really have a problem with it up until you retired it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:37]

Thing Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

the thing that killed it was Mojave because Right. It wouldn't get the Mojave upgrade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

So Which apparently they planned because, you know, hey, here we are with the new Mac mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:49]

Yeah. It very well could be. The timing is a little serendipitous. I will say this. So I I followed along on the event today, and I was really excited about the Mac Mini. I mean, I'm so glad I I've been so worried for a while now that they're gonna retire

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

that whole line.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

And I actually so before this Mac mini,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

I got my mom into the Mac world, if you will, through a Mac mini. Mac mini is very near and dear to my heart. I I think even though this one is a little more expensive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

than the previous generation's entry level model was, I still think it's a great machine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

and the specs on this one are seriously respectable. I like the fact that the memory can be upgraded.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

There's a lot of wins here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

So the Mac mini price came in at what? Like $800?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

Which is less than your phone, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

Your phone that you'll keep for a year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

that's a valid point, John. That's a valid point. So so like I'm like I'm saying, like, here's the thing. Right? Like, I'm using my laptop every day. I don't have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

I haven't had a a shortcoming at all with my laptop. It's it's just it's a great machine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

So at this moment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

I don't need the Mac mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

The Mac mini was my one constant computer over the last, you know, seven, eight years, whatever. Right. It was I always had it even as laptops came and went. So I think I think what if I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

if I'm looking ahead,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

a Mac mini could reasonably happen, say, a year from now. I just don't having just bought the laptop, I don't see a new Mac happening this year. But it is tempting Missus lemon. It was really tempting. Missus Lemon, I hope you made it this far. I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

found your idea for Stan's Christmas gift.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:34]

that's a that's a good Christmas gift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

So alright. That's the Mac mini. Great great computer. Did the MacBook Air surprise you at all? It did. Like, there was lots of chatter about them just retiring the MacBook Air because now we've got the MacBook,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

which is essentially playing to kind of that market.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:55]

Kind of, except the MacBook is a piece of junk. Like Yeah. But still, they could have up updated that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

Yeah. I think the so that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

teardrop or tapered

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

case is is pretty much iconic at this point. I think the problem with the 12 inch was the case.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

So what what I find baffling is the 12 inch is still in the lineup, and then there's the 13 inch MacBook, which is still in the lineup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:22]

And to me, this is just like it it muddies the waters. It makes it confusing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

someone who's not, you know, uber nerdy on the Mac front looks at the lineup. I kinda wish that Apple would just do the 13 inch Air,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

the 13 inch Pro, and the 15 inch Pro and be done with it. But Yeah. Alas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

I'm not in charge of Apple. But I will say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

the Air looks like a solid computer. I would have no problem One recommending

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

of the things I think is the coolest, I don't know if you caught this, it does not have the touch bar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

but has touch ID. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

Exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

If this had been out if this had been out, I think, before I bought my Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:03]

I probably would have bought an Air and a Mac Mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:09]

Yeah. I could see that. Yeah. You really liked your Air when you used one, didn't you? Yeah. Had an 11 inch. I got a lot of mileage out of that. I just it was it was a great looking computer. It's a little small, but I I like Yep. I always liked that footprint,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:24]

that size. And actually, it would be interesting to see how the 11 inch that I had matches up to the Pro that I have now because these computers are all way smaller.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

Right. Than the 11 inches or like than everything else was back then. But so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

the last thing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

and the thing that I am considering buying but I have not ordered

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:45]

is iPad Pro. Yeah, man. I'm I'm like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

I'm really digging the flat sides. Did you catch that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

With the ability to charge your pencil right by connecting it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

So this that actually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

I think, is is the killer feature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

Yeah. Maybe? I don't know. I was like having face ID. Face ID? Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

Yeah. Having face ID on my phone, and now I miss it on my iPad. But at the same time, there are also these moments where I kinda miss having touch ID. So, you know, it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:18]

beggars can't be choosers. But with the Pencil,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:21]

I have so I have the 10 and a half inch or whatever it is pro today with the Pencil,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:27]

and my Pencil dies all the time. It's never charged when I need it. And quite frankly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

the way that you plug it in is incredibly awkward, and I always I'm afraid I'm gonna break it. That you know what I mean? Because it's just sticking out there, you never know what you're gonna what you're gonna run into. So this this iPad is really tempting to me. The thing that I hesitated on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

or that I'm I shouldn't say hesitate because I'm, like, gonna buy it right now. I'm I'm gonna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

probably wait until I get all my Christmas shopping done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:56]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

the the thing that's giving me a little pause is storage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

This has been kind of an ongoing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

dilemma for me. We talked about this with my phone, I think. I don't know if we did it on Didn't I have you look up how much storage you were actually using?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:11]

Yeah. And it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

embarrassingly low. I was actually pulling up my phone right now. I wound up because of that discussion we had, I wound up on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

You've got all Marvel movies on there now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

let me see. I I can tell you which Marvel movies I have. But but real real quick. So I want if I went with the 64 gig model and I have 30 gig left on my phone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

which some people won't be going, what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:38]

I am not a app minimalist, but I am close.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

And I do have oh, looks like I only have Infinity War on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

my phone at the moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

You know why, Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

if you needed to, you could download

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

one of the movies to your phone in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

a minute?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

Probably. Yeah. Because the Internet here is pretty fast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

But I I probably if I were traveling, I would download one or two more. But I I got 30 gig left and I have a bunch of music stored locally So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

I, you know, all this has made me realize that I don't need as much storage as I thought and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:18]

iOS has gotten pretty good, think, in terms of making decisions for you about like offloading,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

you know, thumbnails or music you haven't listened to and things of that sort,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

which it's just it's just fascinating to me because I used to always get the bigger phone, the bigger iPad. I think my iPad actually right now is a 128 gig,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:37]

but I don't I I know I don't have it with me. It's in the other room. I know I'm used to much. Affectionately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

refer to maxed out Apple products as the lemon edition.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

Yeah. That's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:51]

the lemon edition.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

Yeah. Because, I mean, I I did always kinda go to the nines and, or pull out all the stops. You choose your your metaphor, but I don't know. I I just I I can't I can't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:05]

can't rationalize the additional expense. I will say this though,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:09]

I did not for whatever reason, over the last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

how many years does the app have been out? Seven years?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:17]

Eight years? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

It's gotta it's been a while. Every other iPad I've had has had cellular service.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

I didn't get it on this one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

and I kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:29]

wish I had.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:31]

Yeah?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:31]

So I don't know. We'll see what happens. I got what I gotta look at now is if I could add it on to my plan

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

for less than $20 a month, then I might do it. But Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:44]

We'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:45]

Anything interest you, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

my iPad is probably due to be updated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

So that is of some interest to me. And then I think that one of these days, missus Kolmeier is going to need a new Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

and she is currently using a 2012

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

MacBook Air.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:07]

Oh, so this is perfect for her. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:10]

This that'd be a huge upgrade too. That'd a huge upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

So that caught my eye for that reason too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:18]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:19]

Yeah. That, that era I think is gonna sell like hotcakes. I think that was a good move. Probably an overdue move on Apple's But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

now let let me ask you, on the iPad front, would you go pro or would you do the just the normal iPad?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

I'd probably just do the normal iPad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

because right now Today wasn't I don't use that Yeah. But it just got me thinking because I'm still using what? A mini third generation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

I may be done with the mini, especially since everything's so much lighter now than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

when they were when the mini came out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

And I may just use it more. I find myself opening my laptop less and less at home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

there's that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:07]

I stopped using a mini when phones started getting bigger. I haven't had any regrets. I I really I really love my Pro. I think the the Pro has a number of features that I'm, I think,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:21]

unwilling to compromise on at this point. You know, the the TruMotion stuff is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:26]

The thing that adapts to the color

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:29]

in your, in your your room or whatever now that everything I have has it, I don't think I could go back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:35]

Yeah. The speed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

is pretty nice. When I went to it, I wanted to use the pencil. I have actually used the pencil more than I thought,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:42]

but, I I probably would use it more if the thing stayed charged.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:47]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

So no purchases yet but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

No purchases. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

it's definitely interested.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:55]

Yeah. Well, we'll have to kinda how this podcast got started. It was through an Apple purchase.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:02]

So maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:04]

maybe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

that's like season two. Season two could be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:08]

MacBook Air and an iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:11]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

Do podcasts do seasons?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

Some of them do, I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Okay. Well, it's something We can run, like, five five episode seasons and just mess with everyone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

There you go. I don't even know what episode we're on at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

Episode 16.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

We're recording right John,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:31]

it's our sweet 16.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

Our sweet 16.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

Sweet 16. To air on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

November 1.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:37]

How awesome would it be if we could get 16

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:40]

star ratings

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:43]

on iTunes? You're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

you're really pushing it now, Stan, because Yeah. Because that's we've only got 10 listeners,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

and we already have seven people who've rated us five stars on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:54]

The math doesn't work out. A a guy a guy can hope. Alright? So I'll just as as we kinda wrap up here, I'll just put my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

Send it out to your team. Send them a link and say, hey, can you guys do me a favor? Rate this five stars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:09]

I'll post it to chatter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:12]

so just final pitch, if you are listening to this podcast and you've somehow made it this far,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:19]

do us a solid. Go to iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:22]

Rate us five stars. We don't like four stars. We don't like three. Anything less, we'd rather you just go post on Reddit. But but rate life with a twist of lemon, iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:32]

Tell your friends, your enemies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:34]

anybody else that'll talk to you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

Five stars only.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

Yeah. It's hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:40]

What what I keep saying, this is the best podcast you probably won't listen to. But if you made it this far, did. So there you go. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

Alright. Alright. We'll see you next week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:49]

Have a good one.
