---
title: Fast Food Ranked
episode: 140
date: '2021-06-22T14:08:58.000Z'
slug: fast-food-ranked/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around a list ranking fast food chains from best to
  worst, with John sharing his top 12 picks. The discussion delves into the
  criteria used to rank these establishments, including factors such as quality
  of food, convenience, and value for money. Panda Express unexpectedly takes
  the number one spot, sparking debate about its ranking.
keywords:
  - Panda Express
  - fast food chains
  - ranking
  - fast service
  - Chinese restaurants
  - convenient options
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

You survived, Stan. I did survive, John. It was it was a it was a trip. It was a trip. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

I'm not even sure where to begin. What wasn't this this was a, this was a listener requested topic to discuss. Wasn't it RV ing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

Any RV tips for a newbie? I believe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

that Aaron Horn, the person who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

submitted that, has definitely been making use of his RV far more than you have in your rented

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

RV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

Yeah. I mean, I just I just rented the one. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

know for a fact after this trip, I will probably not buy an RV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

at least not anytime soon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

So I gotta admit that when you were saying that you were renting an RV, I thought it was gonna be like one of those rock star go on tour type RVs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

but this looked like a relatively

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

old

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:18]

smallish RV that you got, not one of the big that looked like a tour bus. No. It wasn't it wasn't old. It was actually a 2015 Coachmen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

conversion of a of a Chevy 4,500

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

van. Right? So it's so what they would call a class c. So if you don't know about RVs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

class a looks like a bus. They're not actually built like a bus. Class b looks like a van,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

that's just been gutted and replaced with stuff. And then class c is where they take a, like, a cargo van, and they chop off the back of it and put a box on it that's like a house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

And then there's a whole bunch of trailers. Right? And so I chose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

a class c.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

I I chose a vehicle that was, I think I think, 28 feet long, which in the grand scheme of RVs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

is not very long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

so, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

we didn't have separate rooms. It was one big common space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

But it I mean, I think it was pretty comfortable. One of the reasons that I chose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

to go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

that size was because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

I was genuinely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

concerned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

driving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

Like, it's it's a True. It's a big vehicle. Right? And you get on the expressway and you decide that, you know, change lanes or whatever it is you're gonna do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

and you've gotta move that vehicle and not hit anything. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

Plus, you know, with with the campsites that I had looked at and reserved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

I was gonna have to back into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

I mean, there's just a whole bunch of things that I was considering and I decided to air on the side of go short.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

Yeah. You know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

would have probably given up once I saw everything that was involved with your decision tree there. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

if I made it past all of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

then I probably would have made the same decision that you did. I I will say if my if I had more confidence in the towing capacity of my minivan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

supposedly it's 3,500 pounds, I'm not sure that I believe that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

If I had more confidence in it, I would have looked at doing a trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

Backing a trailer up scares me a little bit, you know, having having done it with, like, a U Haul trailer before and failed miserably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

It's it's all a little concerning. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

but I think in terms of, like, ease of use,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

you know, we kinda we kinda got lucky. I think we we scored well on this. So so as I mentioned, it's a 2015,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

Coachmen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

It was in impeccable condition. It was exceptionally clean.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

It,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

it it drove like a Chevy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

cargo van, you know, which means it it floats and it shifts and, you know, you you feel every bit of the road. So when you stick a thousand couple thousand pound square box on top of it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

all of that is amplified. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

And I never got comfortable to the point where I was gonna put on cruise control.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

So so I drove, you know, four hours south and five hours north,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

on our on our little 770

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:17]

some mile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

road trip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

and, I did it all just manning the pedal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

which Nice. I'm not I'm not sure that I'd recommend, but, know, it is what it is. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

dear dear listener and friend of the show, Joe Taylor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

had mentioned to me once that that he believed that these things were not especially built well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

Every

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

piece of evidence I have with this limited

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

dataset and then subsequent Internet research would verify that that is a correct statement, that these things are not not built exceptionally well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

I think one of the things that surprised me is the these box like RVs. Right? They don't have a real great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

structural support, so it's basically just a bunch of wood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

And, what caught me a little bit off guard was that the kids' seats were just plywood,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

and, their idea of a car seat anchor was just, you know, a latch attached to plywood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

So as I as I did more internet research, I found that basically, you know, the the federal government regulates all kinds of stuff around cars, especially car if you like, car seats, seat belts, all of that. But when a conversion company like Coachmen comes in and they chop off the back of this cargo van, whatever they put in its place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

totally unregulated fair game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

And so so you don't even have to have seat belts attached to the frame of the vehicle like you would in, you know, my car or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

That made me a little bit nervous, you know, things you learn as you're driving. Sure. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

you know, the the vehicle that we rented was stacked to the gills with stuff. It was any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

interior

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

photos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Well, I can I can see that, John? I got a picture of the front from the outside. So one of the reasons that you probably didn't get a lot of pictures is because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

I chose campsites with really poor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

Internet coverage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

wouldn't say it was deliberate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

but it it was by design, maybe. I I didn't really wanna be leaning on devices. I think you you got a little taste of how much I stressed about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

what devices to take, what to have on these devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

suffice to say, Internet wasn't great. I sent some pictures to some people at certain points, but I I also knew that we were gonna talk about this on the podcast and I didn't wanna spoil the fun too. Spoil everything? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:41]

It does look nice on the inside. It was it was very nice. Not not exactly what I was picturing, you know, with your full on glamping style, multiple rooms, couple 72 inch TV screens around, but it it looks in good condition. Yeah. No. It was it was it was in great condition. So the side popped out. There was just one pop out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

that that gave you a little more room between where you would cook and where you would sit to eat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

Two of my kids slept above the the the cab.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

My wife and I slept on what was a queen bed that was, like, relatively normal in the back of the vehicle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

And then one kid slept on the dining room table, which would collapse into a bed. And so between those spaces, everybody had enough room at night. Obviously, the bed with the table didn't stay up all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

You know, it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

I guess it could have been more roomy. I'm not really sure what we would have done with extra room because I I didn't rent this thing with the intention of, like, staying in it all the time. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

You know what this does prepare your family for?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

What's that, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

A cruise cabin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

Oh, is that is that similarly sized?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

I can't really tell from the pictures, but, yeah, there's if you're gonna stick five people in a cruise cabin, it's not exactly spacious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

so this RV had a full bath,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

shower toilet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

we did all take showers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

every night that we were on the road.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

I chose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

campsites that did not have water access at them because they had good views. So I don't remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

which which ones I sent which photos I sent to you, but we we started off at Monroe Lake, and we were at the top of a hill that rolled down to a rather, I thought, lovely view of Monroe Lake. When we got down to Tennessee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

we were at Kentucky Lake, and we backed up right to the shore. So there's a rocky shore right behind us. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

And, you could you just see the whole lake. So it's a it's a big lake. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

But, you know, when you when you choose a good view, you choose not to have water or sewer right there at the campsite. And so we got the the joy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

of going and filling the water tank, emptying the gray tank, emptying the black tank, and all that, like, ickiness, which, by the way, if you are thinking about renting an RV and that intimidates you, first of all, it should, but second of all, it's not actually as bad as you think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

I mean, it's it's just poop. Right? Like, that's all it is. It's just poop. Right. And if you've got kids or a dog, like, you've touched poop before, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

And if you if you do this right with the tanks, you don't touch poop. So it's actually better than having kids in some respects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

But, yeah, you know, it was it was all in all a good trip, John. I think I would do this again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

I think I would rent this particular RV from this particular set of hosts again. I was very pleased. We used a service called outdoorsy.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

which, is is like the Airbnb of RVs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

essentially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

the trip went perfect.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

I mean, was like, I couldn't have asked for just a better sequence of events.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

I got home

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

and that's when everything went wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

Oh, no. Yeah. So first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

at some point, I was on the road and I looked at my ecobee app and it was asking me to opt in to my energy companies like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

they turned down the electricity, they control your thermostat remotely thing, and I went to hit no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

Mhmm. And I I hit the wrong button, John. I hit yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:23]

And of course, they didn't like double confirm it or anything like that. No double confirmation. And in order to opt out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

you have to call during business hours. Oh, wow. Their special Cool Sense program.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

I am convinced that it was this very,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

I I don't wanna call it a choice because it was an accident. What it what it whatever. That resulted in my house being 80 degrees when I got home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

which was extremely unpleasant. And of course, I immediately thought that the AC was broken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

so, you know, panic there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

It was not broken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

reset it, got it going. By the time we emptied out the RV, by the time the house finally cooled off around 8PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

I walked out to the RV which was blocking my whole driveway

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

to pull it forward because I was gonna return it the following day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

And John, I got into this RV and it wouldn't start.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

Oh, no. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

And and the dashboard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

over the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

the odometer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

flashed in front of me a, a message service deterrent system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

And I'm like, what what in the world is this? Right? Like, you know, of course, it's a Chevy. I don't like Chevy's to begin with. Right? I'm a Honda guy, and this is reaffirming all of my biases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

It won't start. And if if you I sent you a picture. There was a a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

like, yellow icon of a car with a lock over it. So I hit the Googles. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

Which is mostly useless. So a lot of different ways to solve this problem. Basically, something with your car has been jacked with and it can't start. This is this is like the theft protection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

system. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

So most everybody recommended you either disconnect the car battery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

you know, see if the computer will reset, or you try doing a sequence of bizarre,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

like, things with the key in the ignition in order to get the key to reset and, like, repair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

So I started this process at 8PM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

I continued that process to 11PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

at which point I called the Outdoorsy Roadside Service,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

and they ran me through another set of similar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

things. And then, you know, they decided, alright. We're gonna have to we're gonna have to send somebody out to look for the vehicle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

So you can imagine I went to bed pretty stressed out. Got it the next morning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

went and tried everything again, thinking maybe maybe after, you know, six hours of restless sleep, this thing would be back at it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

Ready to roll. And it wasn't, John. It wasn't at all. So outdoorsy dispatches a locksmith

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

to take a look at it because apparently when theft protection systems kick in, it's not actually the dealership, which by the way,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

the local GMC dealership

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

doesn't do any work on RVs, so they say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

which is ironic because they have they have literally nothing on their lot. Right? They've got they've got no inventory. I don't know what they're doing over there, but it's not servicing RVs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

Locksmith comes out, can't do anything. Locksmith gets coachman on the phone. Coachman's like, you gotta take apart the whole dashboard to unhook this antenna. Right? And the whole time, thinking, how how does this happen? You know? Right. And in the meanwhile, I'm thinking also to myself, like, alright. My deductible is $2,500,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

so that's that's the most that this could cost me. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

Theoretically. Wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

So it got to be about 2PM. I was supposed to drop this thing off at around eleven, and, John, I was dejected. I had I had burned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

you know, almost the whole day at this point, and I was just not feeling great about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

And Sarah, in her infinite wisdom, decided to take that key and pop the battery out and put a new battery in the transponder for the key.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

Wouldn't you know, John? The car started right up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

So Sarah solved your problems. Sarah solved my problem. The crazy thing was though like The locksmith couldn't. The locksmith couldn't. No. And he had suddenly suggested that, you know, you could take this to a battery store and they could try replacing it. And I'm thinking to myself, like, what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

is a battery store? First of all, where would I find it? You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

All that happened,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

when once she started the car, I I jumped into it. I said, whatever you do, don't turn it off. I'm driving it to the owners, and I'm gonna return it now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

And I did, and that went without incident, And I am happy to report that apart from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

a a fluke

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

key transponder dying,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

it was a very smooth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

trip. But I will say, John, it it stressed the life out of me, that whole key incident.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

Just think up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

the positives here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

At least it didn't happen when you were trying to pull out of the campsite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Yeah. Well, and Sarah mentioned it like, you know, of all the places being at home, that was a place to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

But this is this is why, John, I did not join you to video game on Thursday night, why you didn't hear from me on Thursday night, and why you didn't hear from me for most of Friday morning either. So Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

And I I thought about telling you all about this, but I thought it'd be more fun to share it on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

What a mess. Yeah. So I worked all week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

and I basically told my father-in-law Mark Buto,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:39]

leave stand alone. He's on vacation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

he talked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

some. Like, at the beginning of the week, he was kinda talkative with me in just a single message,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

but then he kinda went off the face of the earth too. So I think that all of that came out on Saturday morning when he wanted to talk to you about everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

That's A little antsy and and wondering, are you back yet, Stan? Yeah. Saw that. And and so I didn't have my kids over Friday evening. We sent them down with the in laws.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

And so Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

you were celebrating some anniversary that I would have to look at my calendar to figure out. Our our fifteenth anniversary was Thursday night Fifteenth. Yeah. When when the car decided to stop working. So it was a lovely way to end the evening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

We we ended up scrambling some eggs and frying some bacon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

and thus Friday night, we displaced actual celebration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

to and we we went out we went out, John, and we ate out in inside

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

of a restaurant for the first You sent me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

two pictures from inside two different restaurants Yeah. In the last two days. Well, hey, what can I say? So so, yeah, Friday night, went to Mimi's Meatballs, which is like our favorite place. Right? And we actually got Mimi's Meatballs last anniversary. It was the first time that we had ordered food out since everything had gone into lockdown,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

it felt like this was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

one, this is like what our family does for celebrations. Like, everybody loves memees. Our kids eat there. I've talked about this before. Right? Our kids eat there waiting meatballs. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

So we went. We ate inside, had a really lovely meal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

and then we're sitting around today. It's like, we don't have kids. Why don't we go have lunch at at a brewery?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

So we did that too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

Living the vaccinated life, man. It's it's glorious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

The pandemic is officially over in the Lemon household. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

I wouldn't say that. When the kids aren't around? Well, when the kids aren't around. Yeah. Once once they get once they get their vaccines, then we'll we'll declare it over. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

you know? So has your opinion of dining out changed at all since you were thinking you would be sad if you had never dined out again a month ago?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

That's a good question. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

both like Mimi's, I have never had bad service ever. I've never had bad food ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

And so that's one of the reasons why we like it. Right? Like, it's a consistently good experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

Upland, which is the brewery we went to today, does not have, like, the most fantastic food. It's good food. It also doesn't have the most fantastic beer, but has good beer. And this upland here in Fountain Square,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

has had pretty consistently decent service. So I I don't know that I can like, really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

I I go to these places because I I have expectations about the quality of what's gonna happen there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

It's a nice treat. I'll leave it at that. I don't need to be doing this all the time. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

Yeah. So that's that's been the last week of the lemons, man. I I one other thing I was gonna say about this RV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

little data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

I did download

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

and I streamed it was the only television we watched on the TV in the RV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

The RV TV was terrible. It was small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

It was ten eighty p. The speakers were trash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

I had to use subtitles to know what was going on, but I watched Loki. That was the only TV we watched.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

Apart from that, my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

barely had service most of the time, and, that was fine. Like, I was I was good with that. Like, I was perfectly content. The the one thing that struck me well, two things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

One is I use Siri a lot more than I realize,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

and the WWDC,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

they announced Siri on device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

and this is gonna be a game changer for me because there's a whole bunch of stuff that I'm used to doing that just didn't work when you don't have Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

So I see the power in that. The other thing is you can really tell what apps have been built

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

with the idea that either you will have low bandwidth or no bandwidth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

versus those that like, the developer just hasn't thought about it, you know, for for really valid reasons probably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

and and the app just doesn't work. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

K. So the one that surprised me the most was the Chase app. The Chase app actually puts a little a very small banner across

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

the top that says, you are operating in low bandwidth service,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

just like as an FYI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

There were there were other apps I'm trying to think of a good one that just straight up didn't work. Oh, the Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

app is is not great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

Was Chase,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

like, working then?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

It it worked. It just, like, they were very transparent with you that things are gonna be slower

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

to respond.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

And they did a very good job. This is something that also surprised me. They did a very good job with giving you, like, a waiting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

animated image or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Right? Whereas, like, I I I pull I clicked on a link. Joe Taylor sent me a link to a knife, a camping knife. And I clicked on it, and it was like the app was broken or dead, completely frozen. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

My my Sense app that I use to check my electricity, that does not work well at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

The AT and T app, actually, is total trash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

when you are on the road. So I wanted to see how much bandwidth I used at one point just to get some kind of sense of, like, what was happening, and it it just like totally locked up and froze. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

The old days of the Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

Yeah. It is. It just it was it was it was enlightening, think, to just realize like what developers have thought about that extra mile with polishing these experiences.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:22]

That's because you're a developer who would think about those things in lots of cases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

Well, and if you remember, the one app that I ever built, right, it worked really well offline because we knew that you lose cell coverage or you would lose cell coverage inside of these big concrete

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

college

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

buildings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

and I wanted that to work, right, for for those conferences.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

I spent a lot of time on it. It was it was honestly very tricky, and that was several years back. I I don't know if it's gotten easier. I can't really say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

There you go. Until we come up with the next app idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

The next app idea. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

Well, good. You have a iOS

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:03]

tip slash life tip about a photos I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

do. Okay. So you use widgets on your phone. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

What do you have you ever tried the photos widget?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:14]

So I have, like, a featured photos in a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

smart stack or something like that. Okay. Do you do you look at it? Every day. So this this has been rocking my world. First of all, I have photos in iCloud dating back to it's either 2004 or 02/2005.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:30]

Alright? Mine go back to 2008 currently. Okay. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

I recently added this widget to a smart stack, and it's constantly showing me new photos. And what I've noticed is if I tap on it to pull it up full, then the next time it'll show me something else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

And I have just discovered a whole bunch of fantastic memories from the past.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

Like here, John, five years ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

June 19, I was in Frankfort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

Kentucky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

with my wife at Woodford Reserve, and I've got a I've got a picture of us,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

It's just stuff like that that bubbles up that I don't think to look for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

and it's I don't know. It's it's great. I've been collecting all these memories, and now they're, like, they're being thrown in my face. So my recommendation, this is my life tip. If you have an iOS device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

and you are in the iCloud Photos experience, which you you really like, I think everybody should be for a whole variety of reasons that we can talk about another episode, you should add this widget. It is totally worth it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:27]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:28]

it was this year when I actually moved everything over to photos and iCloud.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

This kind of been my year of really moving everything to Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

because now I'm on Apple Music.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:41]

All those things. Fun. But, yeah, since I since I did that and went through my years of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

really, it's the DSLR photos that are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

big for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

Every month on Instagram,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:55]

I've been finding a photo that I took during that month at some point in history and kind of featuring that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

Like, I had a choir tour back in March

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:05]

and then this month

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

what did I do this month? I don't even know. But it's just been fun to kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

use these photos instead of them just sitting there until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

a big event or I die and somebody goes through my photos. Mhmm. So Yeah. And I I think the the beauty for me is I am not going to think to go dig these particular photos up. Right? I for whatever reason, I didn't favorite them or whatever, like, put I I don't do albums really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

for the most part. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

having Apple be intelligent enough to, like, go find that photo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

and show it to me, and by the way, do it all on device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

it's just it's just a really it's a really cool experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

and and makes me appreciate all the all the stuff that goes into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

the photos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

and and the machine learning around it, you know? Yeah. I kinda wish that they would

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

focus more energy on that too because there's a lot of really powerful stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

but like I can't tag

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

my dog in photos yet. But I can search dog

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

and every photo I have with a dog in it will pop up. Yep. Yep. There's that. Yeah. Actually, keyword searching has gotten so much better in the last couple of years. It's it's something I think just kinda like gets slowly iterated on. I searched for cake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

a few

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

few weeks back and I was surprised at how many photos with cake it had identified.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

Yep. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

Cool. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

Use photos. Use photos and use the widget. So the main attraction of this episode, twenty five minutes in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

was to be ranking fast food. We talked about this at the end of the last episode. We we kinda gave a little bit of a tease. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

Dan Ches, friend and listener of the show, sent us his top five. Now, I I think I misunderstood

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

you. You were gonna do these by categories.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

Is that right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

Yeah. So this made it to the list because I sent you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

I think it somebody tweeted it, like an Overwatch streamer tweeted it out, and it's basically a tier list of fast food, and I figured you would have strong opinions

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

on how they categorize things and what they've never tried.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:12]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:14]

Yeah. I so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

alright. First of all, I don't even understand these these tiers, these categories. Like, why can't you just number one through 10? If you're gonna do tiers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

why don't you do, like, here's burger joints, here's chicken joints, you know, here's taco

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

joints. Here's it's kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

instead of rank stacking one to 10, like, there's a bunch of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

fast food that would be a quality

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:40]

fast food. I'd say I know. S is like the super tier. Oh, I see. I I disagree with this then even more so. Oh, yeah. I I'm sure you do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:50]

So so s stands for super tier. Is that what you said? Yeah. So, like, so good. It probably shouldn't even be considered fast food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

Alright. Well, that's that's And then I don't I don't understand why Chipotle is its own category at the bottom of this list, but people really hate Chipotle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

I I okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

Maybe I'd see in my opinion, Chipotle deserves to stand on its own. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

alright. So just just for the listener that can't see this graphic, the the super tier is Five Guys and McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

The a tier is Dunkin' Donuts, Sonic, and Wendy's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

The b tier is Panera,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

Popeyes, and Subway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

And then the c tier is Chick fil A, Krispy Kreme, Panda Express, and Burger King.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

D tier, I'm this is as far as I'm gonna go down on this, is Arby's, Dairy Queen, KFC,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

Taco Bell. There is an f tier, which I think the highlight on that one would be Long John Silver's, and there's a whole bunch of never tried, and yes, Chipotle stands on its own. So I have so many problems with this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

and I came at this from a different angle. I was trying to think of, like, what are my top

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

five or 10

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

fast food restaurants? And and apparently, when we tease this out, friend of the list of the show, Dan Chaz, was thinking the same thing. So he gave us his Yeah. Top five,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

which maybe the might actually be a worse list than the one that started this campaign.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

I alright. I can't even I can't say this with a straight face. You need to read the list, John. Read it read it from So I did end up doing a top 10. I'm gonna start from five. So number five on the best fast food ranked list from Dan Ches,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:25]

whose favorite movie is Man of Steel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:28]

Subway slash McDonald's. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Like okay. So he actually has six restaurants, but he couldn't split them out into six. So which is it, Sanchez? Is number five Subway or is it McDonald's? He put Subway first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

Oh, man. So McDonald's must be number six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

You know, Subway used to make a much better sandwich than they do now. Like, it's now Yeah. Even their lettuce smells funky, and you can't get the, like, the smell. Subway has a distinct smell to it. Right? And it's a smell that's very similar to b o.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

And at certain moments when you're physically in the subway, it can be appetizing, but pretty much anywhere else in life, it's not. And and the thing about subway is you realize that whereas you used to have like fresh ingredients and good bread and pretty decent meat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

now twenty years later, it's just all trash.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

And Yeah. So they don't even sub shop anymore, John. They've got they got all this other crap that they sell now. Like, the only thing that separates them from a Quiznos right now is a swoosh in their logo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

Alright then. Stan has strong opinions about Subway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

I've never really cared for Subway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

Part of it's because I don't want to decide every single thing that goes on my sandwich. At that point, I should just make it myself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

yeah. I've just never been that appetizing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

That's fair. I I will say that growing up, I loved the spicy Italian.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

I, a a couple years back, shared a garlic toast meatball sub with Lucy there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

It was like 2,000 calories for six inches of sub,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

but it was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

I just think that those are the outliers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

Right? And Sure. By and large, if I'm going to invest in a sandwich,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

this is not where I go to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

If you are in the Wisconsin Milwaukee area,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

you should go to Quiznos.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:16]

Not Quiznos. Go to Cousins. Cousins.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

I was gonna have to say, John. Really? You're gonna recommend Quiznos on this But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

Alright. That's number five and five and a half, I guess, for Sanchez.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

So McDonald's, I think, I'm okay with being on the top five list just because it's kind of the fast food standard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

It's relatively consistent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

you can find it anywhere you go. So, yeah, I I think I think McDonald's probably makes my top 10. I would say, first of all, Shamrock Shake. Right? And their french fries are fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

I think a, like a double cheeseburger is just a it's a good little sandwich.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

I've never been a Big Mac fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

Maybe maybe I should try it again. I don't know. Every once in a while, I'll feel like a Big Mac, but generally, I veer towards the quarter pounder with with cheese. Yeah. That was gonna be the other one. Was gonna say quarter pounder with cheese, or if I'm, like, super crazy hungry, a double quarter pounder with cheese. Right? Like, going all out. Speaking of 2,000 calories. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

Ask me one last time I had a double quarter pounder with cheese. Was I was probably 13.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

The the other thing so for me, it's it's the fries, right, are really where McDonald's, I think, excels because you get that crunch. And, yeah, granted, you know, there's there's some kind of chemical treatment there that would allow that french fry to still be good after a nuclear holocaust.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

But really, if you're ordering food from McDonald's, who's who's sweating that? Right? Right. You know? I'm getting cancer from so many other things around me. I'm not worried about the McDonald's french fry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

The other thing too, for me at least, McDonald's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

might just be the best

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

fast food breakfast place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

I could agree with that. A sausage McMuffin with egg any day of the week, and I'm a happy camper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

So I love the sausage biscuit with egg. But There you go. Do you get do you get cheese or no?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

I don't know. It's been long enough that I haven't been there. I don't think I usually do get cheese on the sausage biscuit. Okay. Alright. Well, interesting. Learn a little something about John every day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

Alright. Number four on Dan Ches's list, Chick fil A.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

I got no issue with this one. I think this is a top five

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

representation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

of fast food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

Very consistent product,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:37]

very wonderful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

service and environment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

So, yeah, this one, I might even move up a little higher. Have have you ever had an order messed up at Chick fil A?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

No. Yeah. Neither have I. Sarah and I were talking about that today, like, when when if we ordered something from Chick fil A? And with the granted, we we got five people. Right? So we do big orders often with some, like, complicated twists. Right? Like, you know, hold the lettuce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

Yeah. Extra pickles. Whatever. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

We've never had one messed up. Now, will say I do think that Chick fil A has like a a palette cliff that it hits. Right? So it's like Yeah. The first time you have Chick fil A, it is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Second time, it's unbelievable. Third time, fourth, fifth, sixth, you know, right? But then eventually, it hits this cliff and it's like, it's good. Right? But it's never gonna like get any better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

And that's not that's not a bad thing, but it's it's consistent. It's consistently good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

I do think that Chick fil A is probably slightly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

overpriced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

I think that is a 120%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

Number

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:39]

three,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

which I also think is a decent choice, Culver's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

I I'm okay having this on the list. I don't know that it would make my oh, I know it wouldn't make my top five. I don't even think it made my top 10. I think I would probably consider this an honorable mention. Culver's is good. Don't make it wrong. Don't get me wrong. Excuse me. I don't know that it would be this high on my list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

That's because you aren't from Wisconsin. It definitely made my top five. Well, that's fair. I will say I will say I'll choose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

Culver's custard over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

most ice cream options any day of the week. So Yeah. There's that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

Number two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:15]

Chipotle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

Now do you consider this fast food?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:19]

So I had this dilemma

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

because this is kinda like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

fast casual dining,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

Wouldn't wouldn't Subway fall under that too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

Oh, do you say that just because you have to make choices?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:33]

No drive through, I think, is the big thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:36]

Oh, interesting. So And they, like, make it on the spot. It's not like they have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

a backup of fries or something going to. Well, but they've got a backup of chicken and steak and onions and beans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

So I I I can search up fully fast food. I think it is a very interesting call out that you make about not having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

a drive through. However, you can order it ahead and pick it up. You can do it all online, and you can have it delivered. So kinda I mean, granted, you could do it with pretty much anything these days. But So I was thinking, like back in the day. Like Panera is on this tier list. Does Panera count as fast food?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

We discussed that too, me and missus Lemon over lunch. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

have never once had fast service in Panera, so I I don't I don't think so. For getting drip coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

Yeah. Right. Forgetting drip coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

There's I I don't think there's anything fast about Panera. That's not to say it's not not like enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

No. I didn't say good. It's just like not enjoyable. It's So this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

like, I didn't include any pizza places

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:36]

as fast food either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

Oh, I I definitely didn't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

Oh, you did? Okay. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

When was the last time you were at a Little Caesar's?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

It's been since I've been in Iowa, probably five or six years. You can you can walk into a Little Caesar's right now and get a pepperoni pizza in probably less time than it would take you to order a Big Mac and get it at McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

Alright. So, you know, you just you you factor that in. Some Little Caesar's have drive throughs. Some Pizza Huts have drive throughs. So I think Sometimes Pizza Hut is combined with Taco Bell for the personal pan pizzas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

Yeah. Well or or the Target, right, will sometimes have personal pan pizzas from Pizza Hut. So, you know, like, I think I think some pizza joints are definitely in that category of fast food, but, like, Giordano's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

that would not be fast food. Right? You're sitting down for thirty minutes. So for me with Chipotle, right, it's like once you once you make it through the cattle herding to the front of the line and you're at the counter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

your food gets put together pretty quickly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

And and I think for me, it's like the the time from I say, hey, do x,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

and I get y out the other side

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

that that I'm I consider fast food. So Chipotle would have made my list. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

So I I did conclude Chipotle,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

but I was thinking, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

good delis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:56]

I didn't do anything like that where you walk up and they build your sandwich and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:01]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:02]

I don't know. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

Well, we'll come back to that because that's definitely on my list. Alright. Okay. So I I might have to revamp my list when all is said and done. Well, who's surprised about that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

A number one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

This this discredited

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

the whole thing. Like, I could not believe I thought he's gotta be trolling us. Panda Express.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

How how is this number one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

Like, he must really like orange chicken. Especially in Iowa where if you want not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:31]

great Chinese food that's easy to get,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:34]

like, the Hy Vee grocery store has a pretty decent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:38]

Americanized Asian food selection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

Yeah. This this is just like I I mean, this is like putting food poisoning at the top of your fast food list. Right? Like And I don't get it. I I really don't get it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:50]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

Panda Express would not be in my top 20.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

There. I said it. When was the last time when was the last time you had Panda Express, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

I think missus Colmair and I went once again in Iowa too, but that was probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

six or seven years ago now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

I I feel like when Panda Express first hit the scene in the Chicagoland area,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

I went a few times because it was, like, the the trendy popular thing to do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

The thing is, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:18]

there's good Chinese restaurants

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

everywhere. Yeah. Everywhere. Absolutely. And, I mean, comparatively speaking, Panda Express is so much more expensive than those options.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

Yeah. Especially at lunchtime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:32]

Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

Take it away, John. It's your list, buddy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:37]

My list? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:39]

my list is not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

solid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:43]

Did you top five or top 10? I did 10. Well Okay. Alright. Technically, I did 12 because I couldn't come up with one for 10. Alright. So for 10,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:53]

I went with, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:55]

the three that I put down are Burger King, Qdoba, and KFC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

Wait. Say that again?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:02]

Burger King,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:04]

Qdoba,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:05]

KFC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

These are for your number 10? Number 10. So really, it's +1, 01112. Alright. Okay. Yeah. Qdoba. Alright. Alright. So Burger King, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:15]

you almost always have bad service at, or they mess up your order, or the food isn't cooked right. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:21]

for how it's supposed to be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

like a Whopper with cheese on their fries, pretty darn good. They also have pretty good onion rings. They do have very good onion rings. I I would I would agree to that. So I have not had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

messed up orders

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

a long time at Burger King. This is one of my kids' favorite places, so we eat a surprising

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

amount of Burger King.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

I So missus Kollmeyer can't stand Burger King, so I hardly ever get to eat it. The last time I had it was for the Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:51]

Oh, there you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

I I have Burger King on my list. It is higher, I think, because, again, we eat a lot of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

It is rather affordable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

and I can fill up my kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

with almost no complaining. So, like, there I've got some additional, like, factors that are going in that are probably nonstandard in terms of the kid element.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

But yeah. I mean, like, I can feed my whole family for, like, $30. Right? If you get the to get this, like, family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

bundle thing, you can't customize anything, but it just works, man. So Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:24]

Then I had Qdoba, which is kinda like a Chipotle but with more queso options.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it's as good, but I I I think that I mean, it's Chipotle is higher on my list. Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

respect Qdoba being present.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

I I think in terms of places I've had, maybe the most order mistakes, Qdoba would be at the top of that list for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

Yeah. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:47]

And then I have KFC,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:49]

not because I particularly enjoy their fried chicken,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:52]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:53]

because they can pull it off,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:56]

and they do a bunch of different takes on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:58]

KFC. So for those who don't know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

fried chicken is one of my favorite meals ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:05]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:08]

I was very sad when Culver's took their fried chicken off the menu.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

Oh, really? When did that happen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

Couple years ago now. Four years. Oh, man. I had no idea. I'm that's that's a shame. Yeah. I don't have KFC in this list, but I am I I fully respect it being on yours. I don't I don't have a problem with that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:27]

Alright. What's your ten, Or am I still going? I think I think you should go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

Mean, you want you want do this back and forth? How you gonna do this, John? I I got all day here. Let's go back and forth. You go. Alright. My number 10 is actually Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

Oh. Five Guys was higher on my list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

I I think my first of all, it's a good burger. I don't find the fries particularly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:47]

good or enjoyable. So the fries are good and enjoyable when they're actually cooked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

long enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

but they never are. Well, yeah. I I did I can't think of a time I've had Five Guys fries, and I was not like, oh, I regret those calories. Like, that's usually what I walk away thinking. Their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

their milkshakes, when crafted well, are good, but, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:10]

it's kind of an expensive place to go, you know? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

and I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

part of the thing about fast food is is value,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:20]

you know, what you're getting per dollar. Right? See,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:24]

all of these little caveats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:26]

made this an impossible task, Stan. Well, and I get it. Like, everybody's gonna purchase differently. I'm just telling you why Five Guys is number 10 on my list and probably like number four on yours or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:37]

Come on, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:39]

Did you put a number one? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:41]

Two?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:42]

No. Five Guys, number five. Oh, alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

That's fair. No. I like, it's a it's a good burger. I here here's the other qualifier I would I would put. Right? If I'm driving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

and I have the time to stop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

am I going in let's say there's, like, a Burger King and a Wendy's and McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:03]

and five miles up the road, again, like off the express or whatever, is a Five Guys. Am I gonna go out on my way for it? I don't think I'm going to. I'm gonna know. Yeah. Especially if you're like one Five Guys you cannot eat in the car.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:15]

No. I mean, like, even if you're parked, you can't eat it in the car because it's it's a hot mess. Now, it's a good hot mess, but I think that, like, this is the other thing. Right? You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

So That's fair. I love I love Five Guys. Don't get me wrong. Alright. What what's your number 9?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:29]

9,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:30]

Taco Bell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

Oh, okay. What do you get when you go to Taco Bell, John? So generally, get a two chicken chalupa meal. Mhmm. But sometimes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:39]

the Doritos Locos Tacos,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:42]

very good. All those things are great. The cheesy fiesta potatoes if they're so warm or good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:47]

And always,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:49]

always a Baja blast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

Oh, Baja. Yeah. Okay. So I'm a I'm a cheesy gordita crunch guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

In the nineties, they had a chicken fajita that was to die for. I don't think they still have that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

I would also say that I survived

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:03]

in high school by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

supplementing my my general caloritic intake with Mexican pizzas, which I don't even know if they still have those. I don't think those are still on the menu anymore. Oh, man. Those are so good. But, all that said, it didn't you will not find Taco Bell in my top 10. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:20]

So that's how I survived

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:21]

all of my college time, especially when I was taking night classes. Taco Bell was the only one still open after I got out of class, so that was the place to go. I will say

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:31]

that the one that I stopped at was a Taco Bell Pizza Hut.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:34]

So occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:35]

I would get a pepperoni personal pan pizza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

with the Baja Blast. Oh. Now you're talking. Now you're talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:43]

Alright. My number nine was McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

which I think is the gold standard in terms of, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:50]

franchised fast food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:55]

I I find it an efficient

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

way to eat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:59]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:00]

of what I would say the big three, right, being Wendy's Burger King, McDonald's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:03]

I like McDonald's burgers the least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:06]

I like their french fries the best. But honestly Mhmm. I think it's kind of a it's close because I I really like Wendy's french fries too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:14]

Did Wendy's not make my list?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:16]

I don't know, Justin. Wendy should have made my list. See, that that would be an edit somewhere. Oh, alright. What's your number eight, buddy? Number eight is where I have Chipotle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:25]

Oh, that's okay. That's lower than I would have expected.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:29]

I think I probably included some things that you didn't think about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

Well, we'll see. Maybe I did too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:34]

My number eight was Jimmy John's. So I I genuinely like a Jimmy John's sandwich. I don't think it's the best sandwich. I actually have another sandwich place further up on my list, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

I I'm always a a, you know, sucker for a Vito.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:48]

Yep. Was that number five? Number five, Vito. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:51]

Number five, Vito. Extra hot peppers. Oh, yeah. Oh, I love hot peppers. Mark Mark would be screaming at the at the radio right now saying, and extra vinegar. But, you know, once add you add extra vinegar and oil or whatever, it just becomes a soupy mess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:04]

Yeah. I'm with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:07]

So that was eight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:08]

Number seven is where I have McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:11]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:13]

I think it's interesting that we both didn't put them in the top five, but they were in our top 10.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:18]

So alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:20]

Number seven for me, I think you'll probably disagree with this. I put Pizza Hut.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:24]

Yeah. See, I didn't include anything like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:29]

I, you know, I think there's a classification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:32]

of pizza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

that can be served very fast. Pizza Hut being one of them, Little Caesar's and Domino's being the other two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:39]

I don't think like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:42]

Papa John's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:43]

I don't think that's fast food. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:45]

Somebody can fight me on that, but I've I've just never had one served up quickly. So for me, Pizza Hut is the the best,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:53]

franchise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:54]

pizza joint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:56]

in in the world. Like, it's basically deep fried pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:59]

I love it. I it's it's a completely, like, shameless thing that I love it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:04]

And just having a plain sausage or a plain pepperoni

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:08]

or even just a plain cheese pizza is great, and they can serve that up pretty stinking fast. Chase it with some breadsticks, and I am there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:17]

So I am totally with you on Pizza Hut being the best chain.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:21]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:23]

if I'm gonna order pizza from some place,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:25]

well, that's probably where it's gonna come from, and it will be there in thirty minutes. So Or or less. Yeah. Yeah. Or less.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:33]

So that was, what, seven? Number six is where I have Jimmy John's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:37]

Okay. And I put Burger King.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:40]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

So and I've already spoken to Burger King in terms of of why and and, like it really comes down to value in my kids. So what's your number five? 5 is five, guys. Oh, that's right. You already mentioned that. And I put Wendy's because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:53]

again, of the I can't believe I don't have Wendy's on this list. I don't know where it would go. Probably not up this high, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:58]

their burgers are fantastic. Their burgers are fantastic and I like their fries and honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:03]

a Frosty is not a milkshake, but it's a really great ice cream to get with a burger and fries. They also have baked potatoes and chili on the menu which is a nice little.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:13]

Chili the chili's good too. That's the other thing. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:16]

They have they have a pretty good chicken sandwich. I think one of the things that I like about their even their fried chicken sandwich is that it's not that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:24]

yeah. You know, when you eat a McDonald's chicken sandwich, it's, powdery, you know, because it's been so finely grained. There's, like, actual strands of meat in the Wendy's chicken sandwich,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:33]

and I like that. So, yeah, Wendy's what Wendy's is one that my kids have not embraced the same way they have Burger King, but I would choose Wendy's over Burger King.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:43]

That's fair. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:45]

Number four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:46]

Chick fil A. I put Chick fil A there too, John. I think we've oddly enough about that on Yeah. With Danjes, who also put it as number four. So there's there's at least one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:58]

thread of of, consistency across all three lists here. So then I gotta ask, what does that make your number three?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:04]

Number three is Culver's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:07]

Right. Right. Okay. And so I put down Jersey Mike's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:10]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:11]

Yeah. Now, you had I don't know that I've ever had Jersey Mike's. I think there is one here in town now. So I'll have to check it out. So the first time that I had Jersey Mike's was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:23]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:24]

oh, I guess it was the very March

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:27]

2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:28]

I think that's when it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:30]

Because I if you remember, I had been really sick, and I lost a crazy amount of weight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:36]

because of just, like, all of the stuff that happened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:39]

And my wife told me I should not do this, but I did it anyhow. I was driving back from the doctor after getting a medication change,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:47]

and I was finally feeling hungry for the first time in, like, two weeks. So I ordered a Italian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:53]

sub from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:55]

you know, actually, was in late March. This was before everything this is probably the week that things locked down. That's what it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:01]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:03]

Because I don't remember having to wear a mask and everything was still open. So I walked in, I got that sandwich, and I ate it in the parking lot, and it was glorious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:11]

Before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:12]

I had braces, I decided that that was the thing I wanted to have, was was Jersey Mike's. And so, the kids and I had Jersey Mike's several times before I had the braces put on. They fell in love with it too. I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:27]

they give you a ton of meat, and you get, you know, Capacola

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:30]

and salami and, like, just really great Italian meats. It's just it's just a good sub sandwich.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:40]

Better than Subway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:41]

Oh, infinitely better than yeah. Infinitely better than Subway. I can't believe that's in his top five. Ugh. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:48]

So number two, I have In N Out Burger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:52]

Oh, weren't overly thrilled with when you had it, were you? Like, you didn't think it was anything special? It didn't it didn't rock my world. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:59]

I put Chipotle as my number two. I I I will say this. I need to give In N Out another another shot. Like, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:08]

I do them a disservice by not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:12]

by just writing them off as I have. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:16]

And number one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:19]

Portillo's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:19]

Oh, that's what I did too, John. That was my number one. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:24]

So Always a consistent product, always great service

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:29]

Very quick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:30]

Food very quick. The food is out of this world like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:34]

I am I am surprised that you put Portillo's as number one. I'm pleasantly surprised. I think So Yeah. I thought about this and I thought, okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:43]

If I'm going through a town, where are two places that I'm gonna go out of my way to stop at? And those were like In N Out Burger and Portillo's. There you go. So Right. And and I can say that I have genuinely done that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:56]

We when we were driving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:59]

from my mom's house in Chicago down to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:03]

Seymour, there were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:04]

historically, there was there was just a was it Marionville?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:08]

I think that's the name of the town. In Northern Indiana, there was a Portillo's. We'd go out of our way to stop there. Like, we'd plan to have a meal there regardless of what was going on. Then eventually, one got put into Fisher's, and so we could strategize at one of those two places. But, like, that was that was how we that was where we went. When I went to go visit my dad a while back up up north,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:27]

we got Portillo's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:29]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:29]

you know, you and I, I think we went out of our way when we picked a patio to yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:35]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:36]

generally, anytime I am going to your house or coming back from your house, one of the two, this always happens, we generally will stop at the Portillo's in Champaign, Illinois. Oh, there you go. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:48]

It's it's so nice. They're like their Portillo's now in other places. Right? And and I've about one of the things I love about Indiana is we have some of the best cuisine from Chicago that's seeping its way into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:00]

our area, and so we actually have a couple Portillos now. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:05]

always amazed at how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:06]

much product they push through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:09]

in such a small amount of time. I mean, it is. I know. And if you watch behind the counter, what they do is truly impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:16]

Right? The the assembly, the bagging,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:19]

to to just delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:20]

There is no other food faster than Portillo's in my mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:25]

And it's just it's just good food. So what It's not like it's easy food either because like No. No. How many different ways can you order your Italian beef sandwich?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:35]

Oh, yeah. Or your hot dog. Well, and this is another thing too. I can't think of a time when I've had an order messed up. I'm sure it's happened. I'm sure something's gotten goofed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:43]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:44]

I I like, it's not something that sticks out. Right? So, like, I I always get a beef I shouldn't say always. I most often get an Italian beef dipped

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:53]

with hot peppers, Gardenera. And sometimes I'll add mozzarella,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:57]

sometimes I won't. Sometimes I'll throw on sweet peppers, sometimes I won't. You know, sometimes I'll double dip it where they actually, like, completely submerge the thing and then put it in a bag with, like, extra gravy. So it's it's different all the time. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:09]

And I've I've never been disappointed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:11]

You know? Yep. Pretty decent fries too, by the way. Yep. Fries are good, especially if you get some cheese sauce with them. Best cheese sauce ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

Hot dog is very good. Even their burger and chicken salad sandwich,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:24]

very solid offerings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:26]

I will say that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:28]

I did get a cake shake once, and I think we talked about this on the podcast, but I'm not a fan of the cake shake. No. The shakes themselves,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:37]

decent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:38]

The chocolate cake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:40]

decent. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:42]

I'm not together, not so much. Yeah. I'm not a big fan of their shakes, just generally speaking. I don't I don't think they they do a good job of mixing them up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:50]

But I, you know, I don't I don't go there for the shakes. Right? I go there for a hot dog or I go there for an Italian beef or a jumbo dog. Oh, I love a jumbo dog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:58]

A Polish sausage also is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:02]

They've they've started to do salads, which I think are okay. Like, I don't know who orders a salad when you go there, but somebody does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:10]

On the dessert front, I don't know if they still have this, but they used to have a rum cake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:16]

that I absolutely loved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:18]

And and I so that I got that a lot in college, probably too much honestly, but what are gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:24]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:26]

Alright, John. I think that's a that's a pretty good list, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:29]

Can't believe I forgot Wendy's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:31]

Yeah. What would I take off? Like, Wendy's would probably end up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:35]

higher than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:37]

I don't know if it would end up higher than McDonald's for me just because McDonald's is easily accessible

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:43]

and consistent product. Well, if if you remember, McDonald's is how you judge whether or not you are nowhere. Right? Because if there's a there's a McDonald's within five miles, then you're somewhere. But once once you can't find a McDonald's within five miles, that is officially nowhere. Nowhere. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:58]

I had some honorable mentions. I just just call out Culver's made my honorable mention. I think that's probably the only one you ranked that, didn't. I felt like Starbucks was kind of worth an honorable mention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:09]

Not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:10]

great coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:11]

Not great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:13]

really, anything, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:15]

a decent choice that I'll that I'll go for in a pinch. Right? So if I need coffee, I'll I'll get a blonde roast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:20]

Breakfast sandwiches aren't bad. When I travel for work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:23]

I'll sometimes do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:25]

Another one I put is Whataburger, not as an honorable mention. Have you ever had Whataburger?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:30]

I have. I don't remember thinking it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:33]

the best thing ever, but Well, so wasn't born in Texas. The thing that I loved about Whataburger was they used to cut large chunks of of raw sweet onion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:44]

as as, like, cubed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:45]

It was very different, and they added a a copious amount of mustard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:50]

And so that just I I felt like that was a those were good choices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:54]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:57]

the bun

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:58]

was adequate. The burger itself was adequate. That said, I believe Whataburger has gone through bankruptcy and, like, everything has changed, so I don't know that I could still judge that. So when I when I say an honorable mention, it's the Whataburger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:09]

of yesteryear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:12]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:12]

with honorable mentions, maybe I'll throw A and W in there because they have a very good cheese curd and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:20]

the best root beer float you'll ever get. Oh my gosh. That's a good call. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:25]

do you have an A and W anywhere near you? There is one near the airport, so probably fifteen, twenty minutes from my house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:31]

There is there's one that I know of in Columbus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:35]

and I feel like the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:37]

two times we drove through to get a milkshake or whatnot oh, no. We we did get one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:42]

I think. Isn't that where you had me get the Jamocha

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:45]

Be Crazy? No. That was was that Hardee's or Arby's? Arby's. Arby's. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:53]

I don't know that I've ever stopped that A and W now that think about it. We used to get A and W in Michigan when we go to visit family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:59]

I just it's been so long that I don't know that I've got enough data to properly even give it an honorable mention at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:06]

So There's your assignments, Dean. Yeah. I'm gonna have to do that. I I also considered calling out Dunkin' Donuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:13]

Not an especially great doughnut anymore. I think they they used to be superior.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:17]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:19]

Not especially great coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:21]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:22]

you know what? Like, I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:24]

it's so stinking affordable, and and except for in Indiana, they're everywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:29]

So I I I do that. I'd like you know, I'll stop at a at a Dunkin' Donuts if I see one. So So there was Dunkin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme were on that tier list that I sent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:39]

I don't know which I would choose, Krispy Kreme or Dunkin' Donuts?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:42]

I I would choose Dunkin' Donuts every time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:46]

I really liked Krispy Kreme's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:49]

blueberry cake doughnuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:51]

I've never had Krispy Kreme. In fact, I'm not I think the only thing I've ever had from Krispy Kreme is the standard boring glazed ones. Yeah. So maybe that's maybe that's my problem there. I that's here's another place. I don't know where Krispy Kreme is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:03]

in Indiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:04]

I I don't think they exist in Indiana. I don't think we have one either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:09]

So is this really like are there enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:12]

Krispy Kremes? Oh, lemonade glaze. Oh my gosh. These pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:17]

I Well, there's another assignment. Take Evelyn to a Krispy Kreme. Yeah. Well, so what I was gonna say is, from from my standpoint, yeah, there are none in Indiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:28]

Oh, I take that one back. There's one in Mishawaka.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:32]

Alright. Today, I learned. And one in Jeffersonville. That's literally the the two opposite ends of the state.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:37]

So Michigan Michigan line and the Kentucky line.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:41]

For some reason, Krispy Kreme in my head though is like something you get at the grocery store. It's not an actual place you go to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:48]

So Yeah. Because you probably have them in the grocery stores. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Everybody's got them in the grocery stores. I mean, the gas stations got Krispy Kreme in in Yep. In them. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:58]

no honorable mentions for Long John Silver, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:02]

I think that I've eaten at Long John Silver's once in my life.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:06]

I remember the hush puppies being good,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:08]

but, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:10]

no. It doesn't do it for me. The last time I ate at a Long John Silver was,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:17]

I believe,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:19]

02/2012

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:21]

or 02/2011.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:23]

Might been might have been, like, February

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:25]

2012,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:27]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:28]

I didn't get the smell of Long John Silver's out of my clothes

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:33]

until February

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:34]

2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:39]

probably didn't clean out my colon of long john sores until 2019 either.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:44]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:46]

my friend. At, that's a big roundup on

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:50]

on fast food. So I'm a little bit hungry now, and I just ate lunch. I don't even know what to make of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:55]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:57]

dinner will be here before you know it. Before I know it. Yep. Alright, John. Until next time, my friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:05]

Is is COVID really over? No. COVID is not over. I was just waiting for you to say, until next time, and then I could say, this is Stan London inviting you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Go get a vaccine.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:15]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:16]

bye, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:18]

Later, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:33]

So, John, what'd you think of Loki episode two?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:38]

I am still

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:40]

in the favorable camp.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:42]

Oh, really? So Okay. I I still like Loki, and I have not stopped watching yet. I I look forward to it, and we'll watch it as soon as I can for the next episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:50]

I I need to watch it again because as I mentioned earlier, I watched it in the RV, and the RV TV was kinda crappy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:57]

So I will do that. I will say episode two

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:00]

took some turns I didn't expect. So I I think I came into this show

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:06]

thinking that Loki and Mobius were going to be like a duo, almost like a ride along duo for the bulk of this show.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:15]

But he

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:16]

quickly

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:17]

splits from Mobius. And so I I don't know like, I'm really curious to see where they take this dynamic, because I think they play off each other exceptionally well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:25]

Right? But,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:27]

you know, are they are they gonna continue to collaborate, or are they going to go their own ways? And I I don't I don't know. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:35]

I think this episode

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:36]

helps stir some additional suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:39]

around the time variance authority, the TVA,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:42]

which, you know, probably to be expected.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:47]

I I don't wanna I feel like there was a lot of stuff jam packed into it

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:52]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:53]

I missed on my first viewing. So I think I gotta go back and kinda really process it. It moved

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:00]

it all moved faster than episode one. I think episode one was still better,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:06]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:07]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:08]

It was it was interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:10]

Yeah. It definitely moved faster. So you know, we're seeing Loki kinda settle into his role at the TVA.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:17]

He's got a beautiful jacket that says variant. Missus Lemmon, if you're listening to this, I would like one of those for Christmas. Thank you very much.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:26]

But he also

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:27]

he he's he's seen bits and pieces of the future.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:31]

At this point, I I think in this episode where he becomes cognizant of the fact that his mother will die,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:36]

he becomes very much aware that Asgard

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:39]

will get destroyed

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:40]

because he uses this to then ascertain where he thinks

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:45]

the the Loki variant that's causing all these these, like, disruptions,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:50]

would be. Right? Which he thinks is is an apocalyptic event. Because no matter what you do in the apocalyptic event

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:57]

or, you know, just immediately preceding it, it will not affect the timeline because everything's gonna get wiped away

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:02]

Yep. Which I thought was clever. I I would not have Yeah. I really like that, and I liked

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:07]

the where they went to test out the Siri was Pompeii.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:11]

So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:12]

it's just good good time travel,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:14]

where would you go type stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:16]

Yeah. You know, they're they're making time travel approachable in a way that I I appreciate, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:25]

Did you notice where the episode started?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:28]

No. Where did it start? A Renaissance Fair in Oshkosh,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:33]

Wisconsin. Yeah. Oshkosh, Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:35]

Which somebody somebody has to be like a a Wisconsin nerd or something. It's too it's too picturesque. First, that it's Oshkosh, but also, you know that there's been Renaissance Fairs happening, you know, in Oshkosh. I think everything happens in Oshkosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:51]

That was good. That was good. Yeah. So so we

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:55]

have some more tension with Hunter c twenty,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:58]

who I don't know that we have a name for her other than that at this point. Hunter c twenty. Yeah. Yeah. There's also and I can't remember what her name is. The the lady that Mobius interacts with

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:09]

who is is, like, in charge of the TVA, who apparently has access to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:14]

the three the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:17]

there's Lookie calls them the time lizards.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:19]

We learned that Mobius has never seen them. Right? Which is also very interesting, I think.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:25]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:27]

we we do get to this point though where they start trying to chase

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:31]

Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:32]

We wind up

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:34]

in what Alabama for an apocalyptic event which

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:39]

is still in our future. It's like 2050 or something like that, I think they said. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:44]

And It was a hurricane, wasn't it? I yeah. I believe so. A hurricane that's gonna wipe out like the whole town.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:50]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:51]

we get a a taste of

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:55]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:55]

Loki and what we think is, or at least I thought, was a verbatim duplicate of Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:01]

Got fighting,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:03]

right, in this in this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:06]

shopping mart or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:08]

The the other Loki is using other people to come at Loki, like doing the mind trick stuff that we know Loki does.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:16]

And then I think, at least to my surprise, it was Lady Loki.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:20]

Yeah. So I was not expecting this either. I figured it would been a Loki of a different age.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:26]

Like, if this Loki's been running from the TVA for so long, like, maybe it's

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:31]

Loki twenty years from the Loki we know now, but not a completely

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:36]

different variant.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:37]

Yeah. So the mistress of mischief,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:40]

shows up, and we we know almost nothing about her because the only glimpse we get is right before she she beelines it out. Yeah. The thing that interests me about this is I think it is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:51]

kind of a default way to think about the multiverse

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:54]

in terms of, like, the exact same people

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:58]

doing

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:59]

different things. But in reality,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:02]

sometimes

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:03]

it is different people

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:06]

doing the exact same thing. Right? And so Yeah. So what I mean by that is like, you have a different

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:12]

Spider Man,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:13]

right, played by a completely different human being,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:16]

but fulfilling that role.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:18]

I think we'll get some of that in the Spider Man that's to come. That's my suspicion anyhow. And I don't know I've

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:23]

heard rumors that there will be a Tobey Maguire appearance

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:26]

in the next Spider Man. Which should be awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:30]

But but I don't I don't know if that's kinda like what they're what they're

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:34]

trying to dabble with here. It like I think we have to wait and see.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:38]

But but the big thing here is that Lady Loki has been apparently

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:41]

confiscating the little gadgets that allow them to like rewind

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:45]

time. Right? Or to like I guess I guess, it's, eradicate the impact of time in a particular zone because they talk about this, like, how it how it destroys things.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:55]

And she's been collecting all these, and then she's gonna launch them all simultaneously into different points in time. And, basically, she's gonna she's gonna, like, screw up

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:03]

the timeline in a mega way that the TVA cannot,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:08]

control.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:09]

We we see the, like, the kinda cheesy animated

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:12]

line that splits off into all these variants.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:15]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:16]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:17]

again, I think this TV show is going to be about the creation of the multiverse.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:23]

Maybe this is that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:25]

And so my my gut says, without, like, being too predictive here,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:30]

the remaining episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:31]

will

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:33]

be trying to, like, tame these these variant

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:36]

verses,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:38]

and then the conclusion will be just accepting that there are going to be different verses. Right? And and so what happens with Loki in particular

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:46]

is is probably

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:47]

somewhere

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:48]

between trying

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:50]

to help the TVA

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:51]

and trying to, like, overpower the TVA. So Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [01:08:57]

this is interesting

**SPEAKER_1** [01:08:59]

kind of in the overall MCU arc

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:03]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:04]

WandaVision

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:05]

ends with Wanda in her astral form.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:09]

Next doctor Strange is the multiverse of madness.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:14]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:15]

yeah. So it will be interesting. I don't think Falcon and Winter Soldier did anything. They were still trying to continue the Captain America line.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:23]

Yeah. I mean, it it they they pivoted the Captain America line. Right? But I think the thing that is apparent right now

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:30]

is it's it's not contributing to any of the next phase of the MCU. At least, it it sure doesn't look like it. I'm sure that Anthony Mackay's character

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:37]

will be present. Sounds like that. I could see him

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:40]

in the movies augmenting kind of like Hulk did rather than being True.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:45]

You know, a a top tier character. Maybe I'm totally wrong. Maybe they will do that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:50]

we're

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:51]

we're investing our

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:53]

mind space in the multiverse, the creation of it, the magic of it,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:59]

And and those are the things that are all kinda converging and are gonna make a huge mess, you know, probably in the end of this show that'll set up,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:06]

you know, whatever comes next. But Yep. And we've still got this big hovering

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:11]

TVA

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:12]

that we don't know a whole lot about. Yeah. Yeah. Well and and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:17]

we we get a sense that these folks are human but not when

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:20]

Mobius and Loki talk about the jet ski.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:23]

Right. You know? Which seems so silly, but but Mobius, he wants to try a jet ski sometime,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:29]

but he knows that he's never going to. Right? And so maybe there's also at least, I I think there could be a chance for a bit of freedom for Mobius

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:37]

in all of I think I think we might see some of those themes. I think we're gonna get a whole

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:42]

stream stream of content around

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:45]

these these people not having free will. I I I mean, I I feel like that's gotta be a thing. Maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong, but yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:54]

I do suspect

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:55]

there's more villainry

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:57]

to come. I'm not convinced that Lady Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:00]

is the end of it, but we'll see. Who knows? Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:04]

all in all, good episode. I'm pleased. Good series so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:08]

You don't screw it up. Until next week on Odin's Day. On Odin's Day.

