---
title: One Year with a Twist of Lemon
episode: 55
date: '2019-07-25T14:42:49.000Z'
slug: one-year-with-a-twist-of-lemon/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So, John

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:26]

Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

About a year ago

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

About a year ago. I was walking outside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

and you said to me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

why don't we record this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

That's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

I think that conversation probably happened a little over a year ago, but the result of that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

first aired around this time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

Yeah. So here we are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

about a year away. Right? Like, it's actually gonna be a little bit earlier than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

when we released our first episode, but it's it's close. This is our our one year episode. That's what we've settled on. Right? This is what we've settled on. This is actually the one year anniversary episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Okay. I just I just wanna be clear that I have been ready for this moment for a couple of weeks now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

I'm glad that we're finally the last four episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:16]

I should sit closer to my microphone so we don't have crappy audio for our anniversary episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

You've made big plans for today. But before we get into that, I'd I'd I wanna talk about something that's very near and dear to my heart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

I'm just curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

I put a Reddit link

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

in the episode notes too. Did not click on that Reddit link.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

I may have clicked on the one that Patrick,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

sent us. I'm pretty sure it's the same one. Oh, okay. I didn't click on it when I saw it was Reddit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

So so Patrick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

our, like, Reddit source of truth. He directs us to what's happening on the Internet. Right? Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

I like, I really wonder he's gotta have some kind of push notification or something for anything Marvel related on Reddit because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

as soon as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

the Comic Con panel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

like, burst out, he was he was texting us about it. Do you think he was watching a stream of the panel? Do they stream Comic Con panels? I no. I don't I don't think so. And actually gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

If you watch a lot of the videos that are on YouTube and some of the things that are referenced in this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

Reddit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

What are they called? Reddit? It's not subreddit. Whatever. I don't know. Subreddit. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

There we go. A Reddit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

A lot of them are very questionable recordings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

We'll just Got it. We'll just leave it at that. So here's the bottom line. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

Phase three concluded.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

I do you even remember, like, when they announced phase two and phase three at Comic Con years ago? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

No? Okay. That was a big deal. Kinda remember them being named

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

phases after things came out. So, like, I never paid any attention. Like, hey, this movie's coming out in three months,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

then I paid attention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Yeah. So they they legitimately call these phases, and they they couple their movies together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

what was fascinating to me about this one, I think, is the amount

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

of material that will be on Disney plus. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

let's let's just recap. Right? We've got a Black Widow movie that's now been confirmed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

and it looks like that will that will be the next movie that we see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

Right? According to this timeline? According to this timeline. And this timeline came

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

Marvel. Comic Con. Like, Marvel Studios was releasing this. So this is all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

purportedly legit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

you've got Black Widow in May 2020. You've got Falcon and the Winter Soldier appearing in the 2020 on Disney plus. This actually bummed me out a little bit. I was hoping that some of this Marvel content would be available when Disney plus goes. Right. Available gear this fall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

we like, it picks up a rapid click here. We've got Eternals, which is a movie. We got Shang Chi, which is a movie. Wait. Wait. Wait. Do we have any idea what either of those are?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

These are not so I am vaguely familiar with Shang Chi. I'm probably not even saying it right. Is that like a hydra symbol behind it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

That's a good question. I don't think so, but that's a good question. Where's Patrick when you need him? Yeah. Patrick, we need you. So what's what's there's these are things that are outside of my, like, Marvel familiarity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

which I I'm looking forward to them. Right? Like Right. Eternals, Shang Chi, I I don't know much about them, at least I don't think I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

So we'll see. Then WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

comes out spring twenty twenty one. This is a Disney plus show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

Then very interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

in May 2021

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

is Doctor Strange

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

in the Multiverse of Madness, and this is supposedly a horror film is how Right. I saw some Twitter traffic on that. Yeah. So I you know, I mean, like, it tickles my fancy because it references the multiverse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

I enjoyed Doctor Strange. I'm looking forward to the next one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

Yep. He was good in the Avengers movies. Yeah. And I I don't know I don't know what to make of the horror movie angle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

We'll see. I hear that they didn't, like, get an actual horror movie director, at least proven one. So Well, that's that's reassuring then. Right. So Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

comes out 2021,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

Disney plus lame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

way too late for my liking. I'm pumped for that one. Yeah. So this one supposedly picks up from Endgame when Loki disappears with the Tesseract,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

in that flashback to the first Avengers. So real interesting story line there. Looking forward to see what they do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

I should mention both Falcon and the Winter Soldier, that TV show, as well as Loki, as well as WandaVision, which did I mention? Maybe I skipped right over. You said it. Okay. We didn't talk about it. All of them involve the actual characters from the movies that we love and adore. So pretty cool there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

Another show that I know nothing about is called What If.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

Yeah. You know, I don't I don't know if this is I wonder if this is another, like, multiverse sort of thing. Could be. Who knows, man? I, there's a lot of research that has to be done, and I just I haven't even begun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

So after what if comes Hawkeye,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:08]

which again Patrick Patrick is gonna be live texting us as he listens to those episode to download us with all the information we need. Which will make next week that much better. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

Hawkeye, though, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

you know, the same actor from the movies. I'm really looking forward to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Then Thor Love and Thunder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

in the 2021.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

I'm excited about Featuring. Thor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

Featuring who? I didn't see this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

Featuring

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

what do they call her? Female Thor. Oh, female Thor. Right. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

Foster. Right. Yep. Good call. Good call.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

It should be doctor Thor because, I mean, she's got her doctor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Yeah. Astro There you go. Physics or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

I'm not sure about this title.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

I I don't I don't really like the title, but we'll see. We'll see. The logo looks very much like they're picking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

up with some of these Ragnarok themes and If I were if I were to bet and man, it's this same director.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

Yeah. Yeah. Ragnarok

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

was spectacular. Right? Like, it's Yep. I believe it's in my top five. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

I think it is too. And then a blade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

which Yeah. I don't know how I feel about this. It's not my jam, but I get it. I get it. And then Yeah. Fantastic Four,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

which I'm really not excited about this. Oh, okay. Never gone well. Well, it hasn't. I just haven't think about it. This movie is only possible,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

right, because of the Fox acquisition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

Yep. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

Fox

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

messed that franchise up bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

I mean, they did two attempts, both of which were were terrible. Right? Terrible. Three movies that that I think has probably soured Fantastic Four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

for a lot of people for a long time. If if I think if Marvel plays it out right, they will somehow try to introduce these characters before they do what I presume is gonna be an origin story. This one's called Fantastic Four and Mutants, which is interesting too because that might be our x men bridge. We'll see. Right. But And they actually call them mutants. Yeah. Which they can do now. Right? Because of the Fox Exquisition. Yeah. Nice. So lot of lot of glorious things happening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

I guess, Kevin Fague or Fage, I never know how to say his name, also acknowledged that there'll be a second Black Panther movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

a second guard or excuse me, a third Guardians of the Galaxy, a second Captain Marvel as well. So those were the three, actually, that I was the most interested in hearing about, and oddly enough, they were not on the graphic that was released.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

So these will all be part of phase four, and I'm assuming the phase will end with an Avengers movie? Yeah. I don't know. That's a really good question. One was not announced. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

it because, I mean, the Avengers can still exist without

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

those that we know and love as the Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

Well, yeah. I mean, not only can they still exist,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

like, second cast are alluded to at the end of, what, Age of Ultron?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

Right? The the near the near the end of the scene, you got Cap and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

Black Widow who both now are gone, but they're training the next breed. Except there's a Black Widow movie coming out. So Yeah. I think that's gonna be an origin story. I mean, it almost has to be. Okay. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

But, you know, you've got Falcon, you've got Winter Soldier, you've got Wanda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

you had Vision, but, you know, he's gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

And then you had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

Spider Man as well. Right? So there's a couple of characters that you can continue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

the line with. I think they're gonna introduce some additional ones, like doctor Strange is now in the fold, Guardians of the Galaxy are now connected up. Thor, apparently, is still around. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

lots of potential, but again, they didn't announce it. So I you know, who knows? We'll Yep. We'll we'll just have to see. But yeah. What's not on here in these Disney plus showings is continuation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

of the ones that Netflix killed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:56]

namely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:57]

Daredevil is the one that I really care about. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

Yeah. I don't so here's the thing. We've talked a little bit about this before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

The style

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

and the content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

of the Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

Netflix shows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

how do I say this? More violent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

more graphic than anything that Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

would probably put out under this banner. So I don't think those shows as we know them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

continue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

Like, I I think I think those shows have concluded, which is sad. It's lame. Yeah. But but here's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

I could very much and I see and I and I hope, right, that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

do another daredevil or something like that and try to fold some of those characters in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

in, like, you know, phase five, phase six, whatever. Like, there's a lot of potential. That's great material.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

I I think the shows that they did on Netflix, they were bold, they were different,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

but, you know, they I I I actually think their downfall was the fact that they did not conform

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

to that Marvel Studios,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

like, I I don't know, flavor that we've come to love in the box office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

But this is enough Marvel talk for one day, Stan, because we have an anniversary episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:17]

that our mothers will listen to if we talk about it being our anniversary episode. There you go. John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

I'm so happy to have spent this year with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

Thanks, Stan. We've known each other for a long time, but we've only podcast together for a year. Yeah. So you took to Facebook

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

earlier in the day. I just I saw this on a fluke. You never tell me when you do this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

and I don't the phone. I don't get notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

So, you know, it is what it is. But I happen to be tweaking Lucy's Facebook Messenger for kids settings Yep. And saw that you had tagged me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

You wanna you wanna kinda, like, set this up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

So, basically, I had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:01]

put down a bunch of talking points that I thought we should

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:05]

cover,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

kind of as highlights from the year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

And then I went to all of our friends in Facebook land.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

So my sister did not respond because she's no longer on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:17]

But we got a we got a couple people for a three hour turnaround time to tell us some of their favorite or most memorable. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

maybe not favorite,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

could be memorable because it's bad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

part of the last year with a twist of lemon. Were there any surprises? Because you you had a list that you started. I tweaked that a little bit in our show notes. Were there any surprises from the comments?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

That Sarah Lemon left a comment was surprising,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

but then it was from one of the early episodes. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

it's probably about as far as she got. Hey. No. She listens to the episode here and there from time to time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

Your buddy Jeff commented. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

He he talks too much about you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:02]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

So so you didn't you didn't like his comment?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

I I just don't like the fact that nobody calls me out as being the talent here on the podcast. Oh my gosh. John, this podcast wouldn't exist without you, buddy. I don't do anything. So alright. Dear listener, if you made it this far in the life of our podcast, I have I have a, just a piece of information I have to share here. I do nothing. Don't touch the website. I don't write the notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

I I don't do any editing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

I I literally show up. I record, and John takes care of the rest of it, which is really kinda part of our deal. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

I just have to be on time or early, but on time. Or communicate that you aren't gonna be on time. Yeah. And I think I think I've only gaffed once, right, where I, like, overslept or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

Yeah. There's only once where you completely forgot, and you were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

were you installing your doorbell or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

something? Something like that. I was just completely lost in the moment. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

you know, 55 episodes, I think that's that's pretty good, you know. Beat that George Gorg heart.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

he hit 300 some, didn't he? Yeah. But how many of those were on time? Two? Oh, on time? Yeah. Probably zero.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

Like Thankfully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

he's not a listener. Right? Otherwise, he'd be upset.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

Okay. Talk about that? I had another crazy idea. We'll see if it goes anywhere before I spill the beans.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

So your your top highlight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

seemed to be I I reordered some of these, so maybe it's not your top highlight. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

you kinda teased out our milkshake talk, which I I was trying to remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

how that happened. It was because we were talking about one of your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

outings at church. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

Yeah. The college kids were gonna kick off their student activities by going to get a milkshake at the Hambergen, which we did in this past year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

Hambergen was too busy or something, so we ended up with Froyo instead. Yeah. And I believe I was appalled at the notion that you would forsake a milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

for Froyo. I would allow the poor college students to go do what they wanted to do. Yeah. Now that that said, having been at the Hambergen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

I'm not entirely convinced it was the wrong call.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

However, I still believe in the value

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

of a milkshake. And so we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

I don't know, man. We like, then there was this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

chatter about Portillo's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

and we both taste Portillo's. Tested

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

A Portillo's milkshake, and I think that's where things really took off because we went from, like, talking about the travesty of trading a milkshake for froyo to reviewing And then I told you that I did not like the Portillo's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

chocolate milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

and you were appalled because you loved those things in your childhood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

Yep. But, you know, came back to it. And that wasn't that great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

and and then we just started eating milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

it became a thing. It definitely became a a thing. Yeah. Although we we slowed down a little.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

We have, which is best for everyone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

We also have two milkshake IPA reviews now. Yep. Which probably never would have happened without our obsession with milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

So interestingly, we did not keep stats in 2018, but we know that up to this point, we reviewed 12 milkshakes in 02/2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

Yes. It seems like a lot. We're just over halfway through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

Some of the, months are winter, so milkshake consumption is a little bit less when it's cold outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

I don't feel like that stopped us this past December, buddy. Probably not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

Lots of milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

That's good. We never really formalized our ranking system and made, like, a flowchart or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

We can still do that. There's still time. Maybe We can. Maybe that's a a goal. Have the skills for those. Oh, I I I do. I do. I'd flowcharts are definitely up my alley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

That would be work, so I don't know. We'll see. I don't know. Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

milkshakes brought us our first guest on the show. We've only had two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

but that brought us our first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

You allowed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

your eldest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

Lucy Lemon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

to stay up past her bedtime so she could give us a review of a Wileepalooza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

milkshake. Yeah. And I promised both of the other two, I would let them do the same, and we've never we've never gotten there. So that was pretty early on too in the But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

you know, I thought Lucy gave an admirable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

review of the Wileepalooza milkshake, and she, I think, is what really brought the straw heuristic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

to the table in our reviews. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

that was good. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

probably solidified

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

her as our biggest fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

I'll I'll take that. I think she will too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

So that's milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:56]

Now you move some of these around, and I'm gonna bump grilled cheese up a couple too because I think as we're talking about food, grilled cheese needs to be here. I don't know if this was a high point or a low point, but the grilled cheese

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

probably got the most discussion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

and controversy out of anything we've talked about. Yeah. I've seen a lot of people. That was the week it was just after the first grilled cheese episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

My phone blew up with text messages from people I didn't even know listened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

to let me know how dead wrong I was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

That was actually that was the moment too that we learned that pastor Borgard has listened to at least an episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

the grilled cheese one. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

I wonder if he listened to the Avengers one that he missed out on. Probably not. Probably not. But yeah. Like, who would have thought that a grilled cheese sandwich would upset so many people and and that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

apparently my making grilled cheese in the oven is somehow wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

I don't know. I did make some grilled cheese for my wife on the grill. Beautiful grill marks. I saw that. It was a you should actually post that picture to our Facebook page. Those grill marks were beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

Thanks, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

Yeah. So, you know, continue our theme of of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

just overanalyzing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

I just unexpected

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

amount of controversy around grilled cheeses. So there you go. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

That's weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

The budgeting episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:22]

not our most listened to episode, but I think probably the best content wise and the ones that I've heard the most comments on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

Nice. Well, that's I mean, that's good. I don't even remember. Was I for or against budgeting?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

You were for, and you gave some good solid tips.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

Oh, nice. Well, interestingly, after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

that episode, I wrote a blog article that has yet to be posted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

about how to start budgeting. And maybe maybe here in recognition of our second

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

or excuse me, our first year anniversary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

our season two kickoff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

I'll I'll actually post it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

Is it in the GitHub repo? No. Not yet. Not yet. It's still Not graph. Notes. Alright. This one actually has images to it too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

Oh. Yeah. So you gotta get fancy and make sure that your images are responsive this time. No. That's unlikely to happen. It's very Can I make you a class?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

I don't know if I did or not. Yeah. I don't think I don't think you did that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

Yeah. That was fun. I think, like, that's another one of our niches that have emerged over the last year. One that I did not expect to talk about as much as we have, which is just like personal finance and some of the nuances thereof, you know, budgeting being a big component of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:31]

Yeah. We need to address one of these future episodes toward our troubles with Mint recently because I'm ticked off. So Okay. We'll save that for episode 56.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

But interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

the the budgeting episode was tied to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

a lot of mortgage discussions, I believe. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:49]

No. So it kinda came out of the mortgage discussions because as our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

loyal faithful listeners will know, I have also bought a house in this last year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

So we started talking about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:01]

Stan, where do I start? What the heck am I supposed to look for when I go look at houses,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:06]

and that kind of stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

And what's the difference between all these mortgages? So we probably have three or four episodes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:13]

pretty much solely focused on house hunting and then some homeownership

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

woes after that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:21]

yeah. But, we kept talking about the budget episode and how we should have it. And then at the 2019

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:26]

in January, I think we finally sat down and made it the budget episode. When did we do the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

house diagram

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

of mine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:37]

for my mortgage? That one, I don't know. Our most listened to episode is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

you don't buy milkshakes with your money,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:48]

try to save for a house, I think, it was the title.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

So that was, like, episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

nine, so we would have been in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

October somewhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

So it was episode eight when we discussed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

we were discussing about you buying a house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

and Right. I talked about how I visualize my mortgage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

Ah, nice. Reason that I know this is this resurrected my blogging career

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

in 2018

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

after more than a year of silence. I posted a picture of it on both

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

my website as well as I think on our Facebook page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

And that actually I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

I got that was the only post I had in 2018.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

I've been more active in 2019 though. But that actually gathered quite a bit of traffic and some interesting conversations too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

So, you know, I thought that was an interesting turn. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

I'm not sure what you're gonna do in 2019 to, like, outdo like, you know, for here's for season two. You gonna buy another house? You're buy an RV? Like, what's next for you, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:44]

I think that question really lies with you, Stan, because you're the one with no mortgage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

And and I plan on letting it stay that way for a while, buddy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

Fair enough. Yeah. I don't know. We'll come up with something, I'm sure. Can't just talk about Marvel all year again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

We I mean, we could. We definitely could, which that's the other big thing. Right? So we talked a lot about Marvel. I'm trying to think, what are all the movies that we reviewed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

in in this first season? We covered Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

Do do we cover Black Panther? Did we start all the way back with Black Panther?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

Now I gotta I gotta look it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

Yeah. I honestly don't know if we started with Black Panther. I don't think so now that I'm sitting here mulling it over. No. I know we definitely did Captain Marvel. Right? And we definitely did Spider Man because we just did that one. And very clearly, we did Endgame. All the yeah. We did Endgame. I feel like there's something before Captain Marvel though. Maybe not. Ant Man and the Wasp.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

Oh, that's what it was. Right? Because that was very disappointing. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

Yep. Now we remembered Stan Lee.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

That's right. Oh, that's another thing that should be on this list that a lot of people probably didn't see because it wasn't tied to an episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

Go on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:57]

Our celebration of Festivus and our airing of grievances. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

we did that on Facebook. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:05]

Well, it's blog post.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

Oh, right. Right. But, yeah, but it came out December 23.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

And yeah. So I don't think we got a lot of traffic on it. So if you're listening, you should go tech check that out on twist11pod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

So with the Marvel stuff, did you anticipate us talking about Marvel movies as much as we had?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

No way. I mean, I I'm sure that we would have mentioned it, but the fact that we pulled everybody together well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

pastor Borgart was absent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

But we pulled everybody together for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

Endgame and the big lead up to that. That was pretty cool that that happened. There there's definitely a a nice culmination

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

in our Endgame festivities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

I loved that episode. I really enjoyed recording it. Having the night with Patrick, like, that was definitely a high point, not just for the podcast, but for my year, quite frankly. Like, that was we just had a great time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

So Yep. It was fun. It was a good day. You planned the events well, and we made it to both showings on time. Yeah. By skin of our teeth. By skin of our teeth. So your your, mentioning at Festivus reminded me. We, in December,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

fundraised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

for our friend, pastor Fritzy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

and we made stickers, sent them out. That was another thing that I really didn't Right. Doing. And we I mean, we hit our You went all in, man. Yeah. It it worked out well. I was I was really pleased.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

That actually was the number one item on our Festivus list. It was that we hadn't, at that point, hit the thousand dollars that we're trying to raise for pastor Fritzy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

Interestingly though, I I think it's worth since we've never I don't think we've read these on air,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

going through these these 10 real quick because they're quite comical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

So first one was having not hit the thousand dollars. Second was Netflix canceled their Marvel shows, especially Daredevil, which we've talked about a couple times in passing. We've talked about that already today. Yeah. We were especially bitter at that point in time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Three was four star reviews on a five star scale because, you know, we only take five star reviews. Received.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

Yeah. But but they're they're still they're still So go listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

Miracle whip. I don't even remember why we put miracle whip. Do you remember why we put miracle whip?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

I think it it goes with the BLT discussion coming up. That's right. Okay. Yeah. Because we had I don't remember exactly how this played out, but so number five was BLTs with copious amounts of mayonnaise. Right? Like, too much mayonnaise, and then number six was BLTs with undercooked bacon. So Terrible. I can't remember why. This was before you learned the optimal way to make bacon. Right. With the great bacon bacon bacon bacon machine or whatever it's called. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

Number seven was those employed to be craftsman who only whose only craft is not being crafty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

especially when their craft is milkshake making. That is the we talked a lot about craftsmanship.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

I think at this particular point in time, we had done the five guys passionate craftsman

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

episode. Right. Yeah. And that that was that was pretty critical. And then straws not properly sized, the things which they deliver, like well crafted milkshakes. There's a theme here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

Number nine on our Festivus list was milkshakes not properly mixed. Looking at you Portillo's. Again, noticing a theme. And then last but certainly not least, number 10 is milkshakes with cheap chocolate syrup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

Looking at you Arby's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

which I think is probably our most disagree disagreed upon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

Because you were a fan and I was not. I was a fan. And then you went and you tried it and you didn't like it too rich for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:30]

Missus Lemon liked it though, which still bothers me a little bit. But Didn't she get, like, the coffee one? Yeah. The Yeah. Was it the That doesn't sound good in any way, shape, or form. The Jokolada

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

or mocha joka?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

Jamoka. Yeah. Choka mocha.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

The JokaShake, which was a total joke.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

I will note that there's somebody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

Facebook tells you when, like, a friend is typing a comment. So on my post,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:54]

somebody right now keeps starting a comment, and then it disappears,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

and the comment hasn't showed up. So whoever that is, we see you. And you've got just a couple minutes, so so let us have it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

Speaking of people that let us have it, Daniel Sanchez turned out to be a particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

joy, I think, as we have apparently elevated his blood pressure on numerous accounts. Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

we I asked him on your Facebook post,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

like, which episode made him the most upset?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

When I post that, what did you think he was gonna say?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

I was gonna assume something about Apple because he's very anti Apple. He's very anti Apple. He's all in on Android. I thought it was gonna be Endor. Do you remember the episode where I couldn't remember Yes. The name of Endor? And then when I finally said it, I said Endar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

which I can only imagine, like, the blood vessel across his forehead popping out hearing that. But it was neither of those, John. It was apparently our review of Captain Marvel or maybe my review of For Captain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:57]

a long time, I have disagreed with Daniel Sanchez on movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

He loved

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:03]

man of steel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

So I'm just gonna leave that there. We can talk about that another time if we want. Oh, that's there's just so much impact. That is it's just ugh. Well, you know how I feel about man of steel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

Oh, dear listener, you have no idea what what can of worms just John just opened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:25]

We are not a DC podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

We could be. I'm not opposed to DC movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

Not opposed to them at all. I don't really enjoy most of them. The last one, Suicide Squad, I think I turned off. Oh, that one was bad. That one was was actually poorly written. I you and I disagreed though about what's his name? Lito as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

the Joker. I was a fan. You were not. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:47]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

my big thing was I mean, I liked him as a Joker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

I didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:53]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:56]

Dark Knight as much as everybody else did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:00]

And I don't know if it's just because I went in and there was all this hype around it, and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:05]

the antagonist outshines the title character or what.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

He was an excellent joker. I don't think the movie as a whole was as great as everybody makes it out to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

think you're wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

But that's okay. That's alright. I so here's the thing. And I loved Batman Begins, so that was another thing. So it like, the tone shifts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

pretty significantly between the two. It does. It does. There's a pretty big gap, if I recall, between those two movies and the time that they,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

that they recorded. Is there not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

I don't remember. But, yeah, it could have been three, four years. I feel like there's a long long period of time. I enjoyed Batman Begins.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

Batman Begins unsettled a lot of people, I think, because it was almost too true

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

to the comics in some respects. Not not all, but in It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

was also not very comicky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

Right? So it had this weird balance of, like, some of the darkness and origin story of Batman that we had not seen came out, but at the same time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

it didn't feel like the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

the Michael Keaton Batmans. Right? And it surely didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

feel like the other two that we will not name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

Interesting, it's funny you mentioned Batman. I just watched the new live animated Dumbo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

which is a Tim Burton movie. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

And it it definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

feels like a Tim Burton movie, but what I thought was fascinating was the bad guy is Michael Keaton, and the good guy or one of the good guys is Danny DeVito.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

So you've got, like, this role reversal from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

Batman Returns, which I thought was I don't know. I I was amused by it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

If you're listening to this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

Dumbo was worth watching. I've not been a big fan of any of the live action movies thus far, including Beauty and the Beast, which yes. Send me hate mail. That's fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

But I I actually enjoyed this one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

I don't think that Kristen Sanchez liked Beauty and the Beast either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

I the thing for me with Beauty and the Beast so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

wow. What's her name? Hermione Granger was a perfectly fine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

bell. I didn't have any issue with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

I was really bothered by Ewan McGregor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

as the candelabra.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

Was that Lafayette? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

Yeah. Mainly because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

and I'm drawing a blank on his name now, the guy from Law and Order. I just I loved everything about him in that role, and I thought his scene was so much better than Ewan McGregor's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

As as a whole, I just I don't know, man. Like, the music

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

felt less

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

emotive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

in the live action one than the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

animated one. And and that that was just, like I don't know. To me, it's a big deal. I don't know what's gonna happen with this new Lion King. Right? I I have no desire to go see it. You know, I I do only because I love and I mean, I absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

love both that movie and the soundtrack.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:04]

So do I. But, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:06]

a live action, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

Like, you're swapping out one form of animation for another, really. Yeah. Well, and that's CGI. That's one of my beefs. Right? It's not actually live action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

There's nothing live about it. It's it's just it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

just CGI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

Interestingly enough, I wonder if we would have any of these movies without some of the pioneering that was happening in movies like Iron Man when the textures in CGI became more realistic. Right? Right. I don't I don't know that people realize how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

important that movie and some of the other movies that were going at the same time. Like, it's not just Iron Man thing, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

was in reshaping the way that CGI has done today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

Right. Yeah. I mean, that whole realm has come light years in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:52]

very, very short time. So Yep. Interesting to see where it comes goes in the next ten years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

So we're gonna talk about Disney movies later. We'll talk about Batman. I think I need to rewatch the trilogy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

But we have more to get through, including I figured out the mystery person who kept typing comments because it's now there, and she says I missed it. No. You didn't. Sanchez. No. You didn't miss it. Sanchez's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

wife, Kristen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:18]

our dear friend. We knew Kristen before we knew Daniel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

She says, missed it, but she didn't because here she is. She'll be so excited. I loved confusing John by listening to the most controversial episodes backwards

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:31]

and bringing him along for a ride. Happy anniversary, boys. She is, of course, talking about the two grilled cheese episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:42]

So So she listened to our follow-up episode first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:45]

and then went back and listened to the original episode. And I was very confused as to what she was talking about and why she was confused we were talking about grilled cheese or whatever. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

I had somebody over the house. I can't remember if this was my nephew or if this was one of the guys from church now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

And they mentioned something about a melt,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

but they called it a grilled cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

And I lost my cool. I was like, that's not a grilled cheese. You can't call that a grilled cheese? And they were like, what what do you mean? What do mean? I'm like, don't you listen to my podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

That's a melt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

They should. Yeah. So We need like a QR code or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:19]

There you go. Cards to use in different

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

situations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

Can you scan a QR code on the iPhone yet? I don't think you can.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

Natively?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:27]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

Probably not. I feel like we should probably know the answer to this. We should, but that shows you how much I use QR codes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

They're a great idea, weren't they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

Yeah. So here's the thing. If if the iPhone ever gets QR code support, I would be totally up for making

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

stickers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

with QR codes on them. But I still speaking of which, I still have a ton of these stickers left.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

What should we give them away for? I don't know. If a listener if a listener sends us a message

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:58]

and gives us a top 10 of the first year of life with Twist 11,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

then we'll send them 10 stickers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

That seems like a bit much. Why don't we just do top five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

Top five? Yeah. Don't wanna send somebody 10 stickers, but it's like, pick pick your top five moments. Yeah. That that's a great idea. If you send us your top five moments, we'll send you If you want five stickers or if you just want one, whatever, we'll we'll send you one. Include your name and address,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:23]

you know, and and you could do that on our website through the form. Right? Correct. There is a contact form that both Stan and I get because Stan hasn't yelled at me to take him off of the recipient list yet. I don't think I've gotten any emails from it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:36]

That's because we haven't gotten any messages through it, which shows you how many people listen. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

that's just heartbreaking. It's just heartbreaking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

Patrick Sturtevant

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:45]

had a favorite part of this last year. It was one of ours too. Definitely getting to be the second guest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:51]

which was at two in the morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:54]

And the entire endgame trip, death shrimp included.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

Honorable mention for the sound advice on home buying and invest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

So the death shrimp is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

harkens back to when we were at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

Saint Elmo's, which is notorious for its horseradish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

cocktail sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

And as it was being served to us, the waiter said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

don't breathe through your nose. Breathe through your mouth. Breathe through your mouth. Yeah. And what does our dear friend Patrick Sturgeon do? First bite, deep breath right through the nostrils.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

love you, Patty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:30]

Now we have good stories. We saw Endgame twice, and I don't think we even ruined it for anybody at the second drawing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

No. We got death death glares a couple times. We definitely did. I don't think we ruined it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:42]

So those are the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:44]

those are the people who commented on my share of the post.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

I think we had a couple others including your buddy, Jeff Elrod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

Do you wanna read it? Should I read it? Yeah. Jeff says, not sure what got it stuck in my brain, but I very much dug anytime Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

Hi. Hi, Jeff. Talked about paying down mortgages and the Avengers Endgame episode both talked about plans and talking about the movie itself. So, yeah, recurring theme here. Right? Like, we built up the Endgame quite a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:13]

It's a good time. And ironically, that's when my mother stopped listening regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Oof. Was it because of the Endgame episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:20]

No. It was because of too much Marvel talk, and she didn't care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

Well, alright. You're gonna have to troll her on Facebook and and get her get her to come back. We talked about her. We talked about her on on a recent episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

So, you know Yep. When your folks stopped by Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

to sample a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:39]

At Wileepalooza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:40]

So Jeff is a coworker of yours? Yes. He is. Yes. Is. So think he can do you think he can send me some Pardot swag?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

See work out of the office. You're still jonesing for that, aren't you? I don't I don't know that gotten anything, man. I don't know that there's swag to be had. I will send him

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:56]

a sticker

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:57]

if I get some Pardot swag. I think he already asked. Get a Pardot sticker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

Does he? Yes. I think he does. Send him more, man. I I could send you I could send you a Pardot sticker. I have one of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

Alright. Next time you're in town, I'll give it to you. How's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

Sounds good. I'm planning to be there in November. I'm not sure when yet, though. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

That reminds me, we recorded live

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

in Iowa. Iowa visit, that was another highlight. We did. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

We we we talked about the Hamburg Inn bit, but we we didn't actually call out the fact that I was there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

you know In person. Checked out the lay of the land in your new home, and then we recorded in your studio, which you no longer record at in Sorry, man. In your office. We we changed our recording time. That's the real problem. Oh, poor guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

Another thing that I I was thinking about too that was a recurring theme this past year, Meat Rubs by Fanker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:48]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:49]

I just used some of his cattle drive last week. Oh, yeah? On what? Up some steaks. I had some New York strips.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:57]

Unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:58]

I think I left them on for about two minutes too long,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:02]

at which point I asked Finger to forgive me for,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:06]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:08]

not making his meat rubs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:11]

worthy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:13]

Two two minutes is a big margin of error, John. How'd you mess that up? I don't know, man. They were they were really thin steaks, and I think that I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:21]

it was just bad. Oof. Alright. Do you have a shot? Do you have a thermometer? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:25]

I have a meat thermometer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

Like, that you leave in the time or no? No. Not that I leave in the whole time. You gotta so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

Fanker will commend the DOT by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

ThermoWorks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

which I use regularly when I smoke meat as well as just, like, cooking something on the grill. Totally recommend the Dot. If you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

at all serious about grilling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

you should get a Dot. It's worth it. It's expensive. It's not cheap. It is not a cheap meat thermometer, but you will not So my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:55]

my grill says that it's like Weber iGrill three ready or something like Nope. Don't do it. Don't use it. So I I had an iGrill before Weber bought them. It was not worth it. That that was the whole Bluetooth deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

It it's not it's just not worth it. So get yourself a dot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

and use the little probes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

and just set it on the grill. Here's the other thing I will say too. Do you have a thermometer inside the grill? Like, just No. We talked about this, and you did not sell me on this because you said that it were essentially the same between the one on the outside and on the inside. On this on this grill, yeah, on the grill I have today. I I will tell you that on the previous grill, they never were the same.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:35]

Here's the other thing that I will say too about this. When you open up that lid, your thermometer on the outside of that grill drops fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

And Yep. The thermometer that you have inside will be far more accurate when you're opening and closing that lid. It's totally worth it. The the they're not even they're not even expensive. Like, as cheap as you are, you have no reason not to get one of those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

I got a grill along with buying a house, so we talked about that too, about what grill I should buy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

Yep. We talked about snow blowers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:07]

Man, we have covered a lot in 54

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:10]

episodes, now 55 talking about all the things we've covered. Who knew we were subject matter experts on so many things, John? Well, I told you. The whole premise is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

basically us talking about things we would talk about on our phone. Yeah. Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:24]

Talked about Daniel Sanchez's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:26]

most thing that made him the most angry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:29]

when he was yelling at his whatever he listens to us on. I'm assuming his Android.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:36]

he also has some high points. He really enjoyed the budgeting episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:40]

And our recent Amazon Prime Day episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:43]

also Avengers Endgame bonus round was great, but I'll have to say the best episode is the one where we have him on in the next year or so. We get a lot of requests for guests. Now this this is good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:55]

I missed a prime opportunity

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:58]

for my surprise party here back in May

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:01]

when it was you and Daniel Sanchez arguing about everything. Man, we got more comments coming in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:08]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:10]

I I wish that I would have had microphones just set up to record you and Daniel and my buddy Andrew Sears, and because that was prime content,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:19]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:20]

it it was very entertaining as I'm sure most people who were there would tell you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

I think the the bottom line there, right, is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

people that are passionate about things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

can have really awesome discussions about them. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:37]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:39]

I've I've been Everything from bacon to making grilled cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

The grilled cheese again. Here we go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:47]

One of these days, John, we're gonna talk about tacos. That's that's on the, on the episode. That has been on there for a while. Yeah. So Okay. So a false alarm on that last comment. It was our buddy Dan Angle with a GIF.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:00]

Looks like it's probably from Wolf of Wall Street guy clapping.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:04]

Oh, nice. Nice. Okay. That was on my share of my setup here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:09]

with Stan there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

Oh, you posted right to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:13]

Oh, I posted to Instagram, shared it to Facebook. I haven't checked Instagram reactions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:18]

Oh my heavens. Alright. Well, John, we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:21]

we here's another thing that's interestingly changed with time. Our episodes used to be thirty minutes. They're increasingly getting longer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:29]

We, we should probably call it a night, buddy. We've got season two to prep for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:34]

Season two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:36]

Dear listener, if you made it this far, please check out twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

Also, hit us up on Facebook at twistoflemonpod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:43]

You can also find us on Twitter at twist of lemon pod. Please please please leave your five star reviews on iTunes, and you can leave all your other reviews over on our Reddit subreddit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

Which maybe Patrick set up for us. Who knows? Oh, I hope not. Alright. Thank you though for making it this far. Thank you for supporting us through a season, a whole year of podcast episodes. It's been fun, John. I'm looking forward to next season. It has been.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:08]

Yeah. I gotta make sure that our,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:10]

web host gets renewed. There you signed up for a year because who knew if we would make it thus far? We, we never did get to the existential crisis about whether or we should continue to podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:20]

Maybe that's the beginning of season two. Alright, Johnny boy. Until next time. Talk you later.

