---
title: The Lemon gets Political
episode: 103
date: '2020-10-08T13:52:25.000Z'
slug: the-lemon-gets-political/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Alright, John. I've got an update on the shoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

Did you send them back? I did not. Not this pair. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

the second pair I ordered, I did send back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

Okay. So let me explain. The the pair that I ordered fit perfectly. I mean, it was unbelievably comfortable, and I've been wearing them outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

They're here for the long haul. I got excited. I was like, you know what? I really could use a nice pair of dress shoes or dressier shoes, not like dress to the nine shoes, but just dressed up. Sure. Not not that I'm going anywhere, but hypothetically, if I did. Right? And my dress shoes are in bad shape. So then I ordered another pair of shoes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

from New Balance. They they've got, like, one slightly dressy shoe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Got it. And they came in real narrow. Like, they actually you could tell physically looking at them that they were narrow. Everything else was fine. So I sent them back for a wide. We'll see how that comes out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

congratulations,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

I guess. I don't know why buy so many shoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

I don't know, man. Once I get going, it's hard to stop me. You know? But I I did save the old pair of shoes. They're gonna be my lawn mowing shoes. So I have my lawn mowing shoes, my indoor shoes You mean yard work shoes since Yeah. I don't foresee you mowing for the next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

eight, nine years. Well, that's that's true. This is probably listening to this while mowing my backyard, wondering what the heck I'm talking about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:50]

I mowed today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

It looks beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

Two more mowers, and I can attack the weeds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

Oh, interesting. What why two more moes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:01]

So the weed control that I wanna spray down, it just says on the label, don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

spray news newly seeded lawns until after the fourth mow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

Oh, interesting. So are they assuming, like, one mow per week or something?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:15]

I think it's just it hardens the grass as you mow it. So you like, all the growth hormones live in the tip of the grass blade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

So then it just keeps.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

It shoots roots down and then keeps on growing. So that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

if you want your yard to look better, mow more often.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

Alright. Well, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

Lucy's listening to us thinking money money money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

money. Money. It's not in her contract. This is a good good way for her to learn customer support. Well, she's actually not particularly happy with you because you told me to wait three weeks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

after I put down the seed to mow, And she keeps walking by going, dad, that looks like it needs to be mowed so bad. And I'm like, look, Lucy. She takes a if she takes a tape measure out there and the grass blades are over three inches long,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:04]

then she can mow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

Even if it's not been three weeks, John. Even if it's not been three weeks. Oh, man. She's gonna be out there with the negative tape as soon as this episode drops. Also, if she sees,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

like, seed that hasn't germinated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

you should probably wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

Most of the seed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

I don't know. I I I definitely, like, I can't see seed at this point. So Okay. Then Yeah. Have issues long. Go for it. We've we've had some germination everywhere that I didn't put Patch Master.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:31]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

Yeah. Did you do Mastery? On the match Patch Master? It's possible. It's very possible. It's pretty thick. It's caked in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

Interesting. Need sunlight too, Stan, not just water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

Well, if missus so missus Lemon put the patch master down. If she ever listens to the episode, she might find that out. I don't know it's hard to tell her. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

in addition to shoes, I also finally bought my AirPods, my AirPod Pros. Yeah. You got jealous with all of us talking about the AirPod Pros.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

I I mean, I was I was waiting for a reason. Right? I wanted to, like, see how my ears shook out, and they you know, I've only had the the one tube done, but it's it's better. It's definitely better. So I thought I'd pull the trigger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

And holy cats,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

you guys, all of you, all of my friends who got these things and talked about them undersold them. You all said they were awesome and amazing, but you undersold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

By long shot. Here's the deal, Stan. I never had, like, the lower end AirPods,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

so I didn't exactly know what to compare them to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

That's that's fair. But I think if you've ever had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

any headphones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

these would blow you away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

I mean, don't get me wrong. The the standard AirPods, they're fantastic. I I love those things. I I used them literally until the battery was worthless, and now Henry's using them for the thirty minutes that they live between charges. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

the the quality of this is phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

First of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

that whole noise cancellation bit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

really solid. I mean, it they did a really good job with the noise cancellation. I went all in on that, Stan. Yeah. Do you like did you start switching between them with, like, a fan on in the background or when your wife was trying to talk to you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

Not not missus Lemon. I would never do that, John. However, when kids talk, yeah, I definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

definitely switched to noise cancellation. It's amazing because, you know, when my first pair of noise cancelling headphones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

they cancelled, like, airplane noise, and that was it. You know? Or or they were over Yeah. And they were over a year. This is orders of magnitude better than the first pair of Bose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

QuietNoise that I had, you know, way back when.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

The transparency mode is freaky good. Awesome. Yeah. It's it's wild,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

man. I mean, I I I can't even I don't even know how to describe it to somebody, because you can be listening to something with fantastic full featured sound,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

and hear the person next to you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

and it it's it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

like you're listening to it on a speaker, is what it amounts to, you know, in the room. It's just so wildly different than anything I've experienced before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

The the general

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

balancing of music on these things is wildly good. I think I something that I haven't actually done a lot of, because I don't really listen to music on my phone. See, think you listen well, in in I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

There's not a lot of music out there that has been mastered to leverage headphones like this. Some of the Barenaked Ladies I listened to did come out. I think I told you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

one of the John Coltrane albums I was listening to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

the other night came out just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

unbelievably done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

The like, it was just so it was mixed so good. It was a love supreme,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

which is an old song, but it's been remastered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

This thing, though, that song, a love supreme by John Coltrane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

is a really fantastic song to use to just gauge how absolutely amazing these headphones are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

Then the spatial

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

audio,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

which have you have you tested this? Like, have you actually been able to to fiddle around with it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

So I have not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

tested it since the iOS update,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

But I found things that actually support it now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

So the iOS 14

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

update

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

gave you the ability to toggle it on and off Right. Which allowed me, when I got them, to pull up Captain Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

and fast forward over to the fight scene on the spaceship,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

which has,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

like, swords swinging, making swooshing sounds, lighting up. There's things crashing. There's great music overlaid. There's a ton of sound, very robust sound going on. And so I listened to about a forty five to sixty second clip over and over again with spatial audio off and on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

and it's it's wild. It is it is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

wild

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

to hear, like, there's a there's a scene where one of the Kree

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

light up their sword,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

and you hear it, and it, like, it actually sounds like it is moving past your head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

And then he swoops it back and forth, and the positioning of where you hear the swoop is different. Then they start fighting, and it's it's like the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

first time I did it, it was almost sensory overload for me to to take it all in. It's cool. It's so cool, in fact,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

that I'm actually a little bit concerned about watching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

movies with impressive audio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

on this big screen now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

You can't hook them up to the Bluetooth yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

I I probably could. I probably could. I think the question is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

would they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

support support multiple pairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

Well, multiple pairs, but also, like, I I'm sure that some of the quality that we're getting is not just straight pure Bluetooth and some of the trickery that they do with, what is it? The the w one chip or whatever it is that makes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

these headphones special.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

So, you know, they're expensive. Don't get me wrong. I think they were worth every dollar, and I I was truly blown away. I can say this, back when my ears were having all the trouble they were having, I cannot fathom putting these into my ears,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

because they have a good tight seal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

It's not uncomfortable when your ears are healthy, but I could see it being painful when they're not. So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

still do not love the form factor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

and there are times where they will fall out of my ears, and I've tried all three different sizes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:30]

Oh, interesting. Like, they just are not comfortable in my ears, and I've never liked the since the original ear pods, that form factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

Fascinating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

So I these these suckers are in there, man. They're, like, they're not going anywhere at all, and I don't have to push them in hard at all. They they just sit well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

The one thing I don't like about these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

is the way they rest in the case

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

is completely unintuitive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

It it like, it's ergonomically uncomfortable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

to put them into the case, and no matter what I do, I put them in the wrong side without fail. I I never once had that problem with the the normal AirPods. It was it was, like Alright. Just works. So so here's what you do to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

get them in the right right side, Stan. If you if you tell me to write on them, you're gonna open that and it's gonna connect to your Computer. Your your mag. Now my phone's right here. So if you hold it open so it's facing you when it's open, you take the right one out of your right ear, it goes to the right side, the left one. Well, okay. Maybe this is this is what we do differently. I will routinely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

I don't immediately put them back into the charger. If I've got a meeting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

you know, that's thirty minutes, and I've got a half hour off, I will just take them out and set them on the table. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

And I'll pop them back in, or I'll go, like, you know, fill my water cup or something. Right? And then I will come and finally make them another case. Now, maybe that's just a behavioral thing that I need to correct,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

but that is what leads me to not know which side to put them in and my struggle. So just put them back in the case, Stan. It's it's awkward. I think part of the awkwardness is that they they don't rest flush. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

You know? So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

I never put them in so that they sit in the little seat correctly. They always snap down into the position they're supposed to be. Yeah. Yep. So yeah. The the snappy is cool. I you know, the way that they just kinda lock in a place. But, yeah, it's and that that that's weird. Somebody somebody was asleep at the design wheel at Apple for that one. But Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

we have plugged many a time Aaron Fanker's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

meat rubs, and we've we've referred to alluded to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

the smoking that he does out in Kansas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

Aaron Finker is a pastor Meat smoking. At

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

two churches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

What did I say? You said just smoking. I was clarifying. Oh, meat meat smoking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

He's a pastor of two little parishes in the middle of Kansas on a dirt road,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

and he loves to just smoke meat. And he smokes beef, pork, chicken, the whole deal. Right? And we've been encouraging him for a long time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

level up his game and not just do this as a hobby, but but to to elevate it to a YouTube channel. Because, you know, if you go all on a YouTube channel, that's not a hobby. That becomes a business. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

That's that's our that's our goal for for Fanker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

And he's done that. He actually made some really awesome videos on on smoking a chuck roast, and he's put them up on a YouTube channel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

I'll see if I get this right. It's the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

b b q rev. That's the YouTube username or the channel name. Right? Right. Yeah. The b b q rev. Oh, Reverend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

The barbecue reverend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

So that's that's Fanker. We're looking forward to the website whenever that'll come, and I'm I'm just gonna tell you, I for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

someone who doesn't professionally make videos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

I think he did a pretty bang up job Yeah. With his material,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

and it's it's good watching. And I'm not a I'm not a YouTuber. Like, I don't spend time watching YouTube, but I enjoyed them. So for someone who has professionally made videos,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

I think they're good too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Well, there you go. That's that's high praise if ever I heard it. So check out check out our friend Aaron Fanker, pastor Aaron Fanker, the reverend, the barbecue reverend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

the BBQ rev.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

I've got a bone to pick with him. He didn't go meat rubs by Fanker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

So my only request

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:20]

is that when he gets his Meijer contract and his meat rubs are going into Meijer's, which, of course, it will be Meijer because he worked there for years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

he has to name one meat rub by Finker sponsored by Life With a Twisted Lemon. Hey, man. I'm all for it. You know, I think this could be a multifaceted business that he's got, you know, in in the makes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

So we'll see. We'll see what happens. But check it out. The YouTube channel's worth your time. And when the website goes live, we will also plug that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

And thanks to our friend, Aaron Fanker, for, you know, making us some great meat rubs over the years. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:57]

I'm concerned, Stan. Why are you concerned? I'm concerned because I've not seen you take a sip of any beverage since we've been recording here in the last fourteen minutes. I've been drinking my water. It's we're good. We're good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

I have a I have a lagunitas hazy IPA.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

Oh, that sounds nice. I've I've been having issues with tinnitus, and I have a hypothesis that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

AirPods?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

No. No. Is before the AirPods. I actually have a hypothesis that might be related to late night alcohol, so I've been trying to to just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

control and taper and and be more regulated. So Well, if it is the AirPods, Apple Health will yell at you if your headphone volume was too loud this last week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:37]

really? It's pretty cool. It keeps track of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

hey. Your volume was down compared to the week before. So check it out in your app. It's arresting. I wonder. So I don't my, I use these with my work computer as well as well as my personal stuff, but they spend most of the day connected to the work computer, and I don't have any iCloud stuff set up on that computer at all. So I I don't wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

I I also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

I don't know. Well, okay. I'm at this is interesting. I might have to test this out and see what I can come up with. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

alright, John. Yeah. See what the What the next Stan. What the next item on the agenda is? Super secret topic to surprise John with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

Have no idea what this would be. John, are you going to vote?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

Am I going to vote? Yes. I am, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

Oh, really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

You know, I was expecting all this controversy because you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

for for months now, you've been talking like you weren't gonna vote. I think the last time that an election came up, we had a conversation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

about whether or you would vote as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

And I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

Not for the winner. There you go. Well, never for the winner. Right? I've never voted for a winner in the presidential race. A couple of the state representatives,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

the person I voted for as one. So I I don't know. Are you technically a millennial?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

Okay. So you're just I I you are my disenfranchised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

millennial friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

which is why I was gonna But I'm in the same wave of millennials as you are. Yeah. I feel older. How's that? I've got more gray hair than you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

So I'm curious. You you were definitely in the camp of I'm not gonna vote. It doesn't matter. What what has changed your mind? Did you did you go I I don't even know. No. I said that voting for the president does not matter, and I firmly hold to that. Because if Trump wins,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

then the reason is gonna be because the Russians interfered with the election.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:24]

And if Biden wins, it's gonna be some controversy about mail mail in voting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

And chances are the election's already decided, and this is a conspiracy theories coming out in me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

And, like, yeah, I think that the same same people own both parties, and it's it's already written, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

Alright. Well, that is arguably the most cynical thing we've ever had on this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

And, yes, that is something since I've been cohosting the whole time. That was definitely conspiracy theory, which we do not endorse on Life With a Twist of Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

I you know, the the presidential election obviously is so supercharged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

with tension.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

And you're right. I don't know that there's gonna be an outcome where fraud is not accused. I I do firmly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

and adamantly believe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

that your vote gets counted in matters. Even you disenfranchisement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

problem, Stan. Joe Biden is gonna win the popular vote,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

and the electoral college is going to elect Trump.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

So is that is that the crux of your problem with the presidential election? No. I love the electoral college. Do not get rid of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

Oh, here we go. He's all over the map today. I hate I hate how Twitter

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

responds to these things. Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

they lose and they're sore losers. It doesn't matter who loses. They're just sore losers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

So the only the only way to truly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

pull it off is if there's no absentee balloting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:50]

the Internet is cut off from Russia,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

and you win both the electoral and popular vote in a landslide. And then That's what you're saying. You go back and look at US history, and then people are just taking people to the polls at gunpoint. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

did learn today that it is illegal to sell your vote in The US

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

for the presidential election. It's a federal thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

I I don't know if it's federal thing. This was a Google search, not super academically researched, but it is illegal to either buy votes or to sell your vote in the US presidential election according to the Google. You googled and BuzzFeed probably played paid for the top result, and now you're doing a business. I always skip the ads at the top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

so I am very pleased to hear that you are going to vote, John. I really truly am. I think it's important. I think it's even important to vote in the presidential election.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

I'm not going to sit here and tell you I don't care who you vote for because I do care, but I'm also not gonna to to spin this, podcast into that kind of politics tonight. I just wanted to find out if you were voting and because I I'm assuming Iowa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

voting has begun or no? Yes. Voting actually, in person voting began today as we're recording this on Tuesday. Same in Indiana. Now do you are you gonna vote in person, or are you gonna vote absentee? Have you have you decided that yet? I'll vote in person probably on election day. Oh, really? Okay. Interesting. So does I don't I don't know the answer to this. Does Iowa have no excuse absentee balloting, or do you have to have an excuse? We have no excuse absentee balloting. In fact, I've gotten so many requests to request an absentee ballot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

Actually, the first time, it came prefilled in with information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

So I think, like, Trump sued the county or something like that, and then they had to issue new ones where it wasn't prefilled in. And I don't know. It's a whole mess. And people, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:42]

and you wonder why I'm cynical, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

Well, I tell you, man, there that seems like seems like there's gonna be a lot of opportunities for problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

I we we are a excuse state, so you there is no such thing as no excuse absentee balloting. We do have early voting. Today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

our lines actually made the Washington Post,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

and Really? Like, they were so long. Yeah. People stacked up, which I I think is I I tweeted this. Right? It's one part, you know, like, scary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

and then two or scary sucks, think is what I said. And then two parts are encouraging because people are getting out the vote. But, I think it's it's been interesting regardless of what side of the aisle you sit on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

how much energy is being spent, and how much money is being spent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

to limit the ways, and means, and times, and methods that you can vote. I don't I don't understand it in a democracy. Again, like, set your politics aside, I think we want

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

people to vote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

We want them to participate in the process, but there's so much energy expelled to stop that. I I I don't I don't understand it. You know, Indiana, as an example,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

has a really early,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

end time for polls. So if you happen to be working downtown and live outside of the perimeter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

and you gotta, like, rush through traffic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

you know, good luck getting to a poll in time. Like, that's and that that to me that I don't it doesn't make sense. I don't get it. I can't can't wrap my head around it. So here's the issue, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

Somebody was in power once and thought it was a good idea

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:13]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

let them hold on to that power.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

And if you have less people voting and less people involved, you get away with more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

Yeah. I I mean, that's I think there's probably some truth to that. It's it's sad to me. I I don't I don't wanna be spending these months leading up to an election arguing about whether or not someone should be able to vote. I think we should be doing all we can to get as many people as possible to the polls to vote however they wanna vote. Right? Like, I don't I don't care. If you wanna vote for Kanye, go for it. Like He's on my ballot. I looked at it. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

can't believe I just said if you will, I'll vote for Kanye, go for it. I didn't actually mean that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

So I've actually been looking at somebody else who's only on the Iowa ballot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

This is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

Ricky Sue King,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

a black woman from Iowa,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

and her whole platform was to be the first black female from Iowa to run for president.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

And her slogan was, I don't want your vote.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

And that screams,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

vote for me. I would make an awesome president

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Well, we'll have to we'll have to keep an eye on her polls at the end of election night. She works with some, like, a genealogy department, and she just did it kind of as an experiment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

to see walk through the process to get on the Iowa ballot. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

Well, there you go. There you go. You know, it's it's interesting. I would probably have chosen to do an absentee ballot if I could have,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

but I I I literally like, I can't even say that my job is an interference because they're giving us the day off. Right? Like, there's there's no way for me to get around that. Yeah. I I'm not crazy about going in for in person voting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

I do worry about the sheer volume of absentee votes and how places are gonna process it. But I also think to myself, you know what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

That's kinda what we pay the government to do, you know? And they need to figure it out and and step up. And they've had plenty of time since the primaries to do so, so I would hope that they do. Now, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

it's probably gonna be all kinds of problems. So This will be the first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

presidential election

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:20]

since I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

been living here, so it'll be interesting to see what, lines are like here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

What do you mean the first oh, in your current home? So now I live in Cedar Rapids, a different polling place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:33]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

previously,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:35]

the longest line I waited in was three people. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

I've not lived in this home or in Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

while there was a presidential election.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

The the prior

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

like, the midterms,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

there there were some pretty long lines at our polling place, which was a Chevrolet dealership, which is a whole kinda weird. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

It's very weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

In in the showroom. That's that's where the polling is, is in the showroom. Mine has always been at a church.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

When it was when we were down in Seymour. So I I don't know what to expect, but I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

really hoping that we will be able to pull early,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

and my we're gonna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

I can do it down at the County House, the County City County Building

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

starting today, and then when we get closer into October, there's some other locations. So we'll try it out. We'll see what happens. But, John, I'm glad to hear you're voting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:30]

Alright, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

More Apple news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

There is. Did you pick up any of this? Because I know this is hot off the presses, and and I know you don't follow the Twitter quite like I do. I I saw the tweet of the invitation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

It's obviously gonna be the iPhone lineups.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

Apple said that they were delaying that from the September event usually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

So we know iPhone 12 probably is coming. We're assuming they'll call it 12, but who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

I would venture to say it's gonna be 12. I can't imagine that they break

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

the numbering scheme at this point. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

they've also said that they are going to announce the new MacBooks before the end of the year, and I saw something about, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

AirTags

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

or something like that. Did you see anything about that? I don't know if that's true or not. Yeah. So well, I mean, they've been talking about the AirTags possibly coming out for probably close to a year now Yeah. As well as a HomePod revision for probably close to a year now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

And I do think that all of those things are likely in the works. I would be really surprised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

if they introduce a new product at this event or like the AirTags,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

or if they spend much time on the HomePod. Like, the iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

event usually is pretty focused.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

the other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

thing to consider is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

they have to build those things. They gotta make them. And right now, they've got supply chain constraints. Right? Like Right. That's legit. That's real. That's why, believe it or not, the error or the iPad errors that we talked about a few episodes back, they haven't even shipped yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

You can't even buy them online. Right? So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

think all of those things are gonna be factors here. The scale of the iPhone production is so massive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

that they're not gonna let anything get in the way of it. This that's that's my general feel. Now this And I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

you know what percentage of revenue that is for Apple now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

The iPhone? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

I think it was eclipsed by the App Store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

That could be. That could be vague. Think it's the second highest, though. Yeah. It's most of it. Right? Like, that's that's where I don't know about bread and butter is. I mean, we're talking about a trillion dollar company here. Well, fair enough. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

the invite says high, comma, speed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

Speed is capitalized, which is interesting. So they're talking about, like, it's a proper noun. Whatever. Apple, your grammar is is busted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

I think that this is a reference to five g. I think most of the Internet agrees with us, but it for a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

some people were postulating that this was in reference to the processor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

I have never known an iPhone event that I can recall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

It's it's it's really a caveat. I care. Also? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

I I just can't think of an Apple event where the processor was the main attraction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

There was always something else that was driving. So I don't think this is a processor thing. My guess is that we'll see some variants of the a 14, which was what was released in the iPad Air, which those numbers have started hitting Geekbench. They look insane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

I mean, they've they've outdone themselves with this iPad Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

But I I would suspect that that processor's gonna be in this new iPhone. I don't think it's gonna be a huge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

huge deal for them. I don't think that we're gonna see them the Apple Silicon Max at this one. No. I think that's gonna be a separate thing, honestly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

I mean, think about it. Like, that's that's a big announcement. You know? I know. But, like, recently, they've gotten weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

So I guess with new models, they've just, like, hidden them in news releases now in the newsroom on the Apple website. And so I don't know. That would don't know what's expected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

Part part of that, I think, is because the the Macs themselves don't make up a huge portion of Apple's revenue anymore. Right. You know? They're a big business. Don't get me wrong. But out of the total revenue for Apple, they're not that big. But I'm I'm curious. I know you've you've got a really old phone at this point. Right? Don't you have an eight? I have an eight, and my battery is killing me, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:25]

Dying too quickly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

Do you have battery health? Like, does that show up in your system settings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:32]

Yeah. I told you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

this shortly after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:38]

after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

I was without power for a week when I really noticed the hit. Right. And I remember I was talking about that, but I don't remember if you actually checked the battery health. And I don't even know if your phone model

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

has the battery health. Like, I don't remember what pretty sure does. What shows those. But, you drill in the battery and then there's battery health and you drill in and it'll show a maximum capacity percentage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:03]

Battery health.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:05]

So 85 is my maximum capacity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

Okay. And I don't I've I've got a hypothesis that the the experience of the battery health is not linear. Right? So Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

I'm at 94%.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

I feel like I've started to notice a difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

I didn't think I noticed the difference at 99 or 98. You're at 85.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

Are you finding yourself doing a midday charge?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:32]

Yeah. Occasionally, if I'm it's a fit it's a heavy phone day. So, like, if I'm on the phone or something. But looking at the last twenty four hours, I mean, mail

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

was 19%.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

like, it's not any it's not like I'm streaming video or doing anything crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

Right. So are you thinking it might be time to replace the iPhone then? I am, but I'm cheap stan. So Well, you're gonna have a you're gonna have a bunch of different models. I would assume you're gonna buy a current iPhone. You wouldn't buy an 11 when they release the 12, would you? Correct. I always buy the most current model because I hang on to them forever. Yep. Yeah. Well, in the eight, I mean, gosh, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

that's what? Three years old? Three years. Ten, 11. Yeah. Three years. So because we skipped nine. That always throws me off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

It's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

I think I don't know yet if I'm going to replace. I've been yearly for a couple of years. I've also been debating going the big phone. You would probably go for the smallest phone you could they would sell you. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

So picture in picture is a game changer, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

You you like that on, on your phone, don't you? I do. So I'm not really sure because I've been thinking about an iPad too. If I got a new iPad,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

then I would go with a smaller phone probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

like, I was also very intrigued by the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

11 Pro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:55]

camera features.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

I will I will tell you, the 11 Pro camera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

sold me when I got this phone because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

the the lenses for zooming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

are great. The wide angle, though, is so awesome, man. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:12]

and just the quality of the camera in general is phenomenal. So So I won't just say I'll go with the cheapest smallest phone anymore because technology

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

kinda plays into it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:23]

Like, I went with AirPods Pro. So Yeah. Which was a I mean, I think that was a righteous choice right there. So I am leaning towards a larger phone this time. So there's rumors that there's gonna be the biggest biggest iPhone ever with a, like, what was it, six and a half inch or something like that. I don't know. Yeah. Here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

what I realized. I didn't like the previous Pro phone with the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

the chin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

on it. Right. Yeah. That was too big. But when they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

when they made the full screen, I think they bought some space in my hand, and I've held a was it 10 r?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

actually didn't feel awful. So I'm I'm open to trying it. I wanna see the dimensions. I'll probably cut out paper, try and hold it in my hand, that kind of thing. I think the whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

issue of your thumb range is not the problem it used to be for a variety of reasons. I think everybody uses two hands for their phone now. A a lot of people do. But here's here's the other thing too, and and I would encourage you to noodle on this. I don't believe that you should let your phone size decision drive whether or not you have an air or an iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

let the fact that you have an iPad drive the decision for your phone. Because I I think now these devices have created

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

use cases for themselves that there's the overlap is not as much. Like, when you think about the the old Pro phones and the iPad mini, there's a gray area there. You know? You could, like, say I was gonna use my mini all the time, that kind of thing. What am I gonna use my phone for, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:59]

Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

I text on my computer primarily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

And and I'm I'm a firm believer that at some point in time, that will change. Here's here's here's what'll probably happen, John. There will come a time when you will have a job that with a computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

that was given to you by your employer, not one that you bought out right, and you will hesitate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

to put that iCloud account

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

onto that computer just like I did. And suddenly, you'll realize that you will do most of your texting from your phone like I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

So I I used to Text text me. I used I used to text on the computer all the time. I think I think some of those boundaries are nice too. You know? Right. I I don't know. I don't think it's that bad. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

but there's other stuff too, you know, that we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

I I do read on my my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

quite a bit. I love the OLED screen for reading. I've told you this before. I think it's a fantastic reading experience. I know you like books, but, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:54]

And see thing in my background. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

The the other thing that I think as these devices get just a little bit bigger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

there are things like note taking, and there are things like the to dos. They get, like, supercharged. Your calendar gets supercharged.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:09]

So you think this is gonna be like a functioning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

old school PDA?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

so here's the thing. I do you remember the the fancy organizers way back in the day that had the different sections and the velcro strap and all that? You know, they were they were great except for the fact that they had limits, and I had to, like, think about where to turn to and all that. Right. These devices get just a little bit bigger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

and I think they enter into this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

organizational nirvana

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

is just it's a sweet spot. Right? So I don't have to necessarily be distracted by it all the time with push notifications that are vibrating in my pocket and all that stuff, but there's information that I can access and and just get to and catalog things like again, you know, supercharge your reminders, your note taking in a way that is convenient and helpful, but not over overbearing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

I I think I think the larger device kinda plays into that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:05]

Then then you've got the iPad. Right? Because you're gonna buy an iPad Air, I hope, maybe for Christmas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

And and you'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

be doing longer form writing on there. You'll, you know, take up journaling or you'll work on your spreadsheet after you ditch Mint because I know you're itching to do that to to track your budget or whatever. Like, those kind of things. The iPad Air, since the last time you used an a full size iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

that device has changed Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

And they're they're so powerful. And then, you know, heaven forbid, you get yourself a pencil and you use Scribble.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

That that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

so phenomenally cool. Again, you you look at the note taking aspect of it, and it's just a it's just a really nice convenient device. Not that it should monopolize your time, but that you can leverage to just do cool fun stuff with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:52]

This is interesting, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

but I have one takeaway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:56]

Okay. That's I need to make more money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:00]

Well, that's that's fair. That's fair. Think thinkers got me wanting to create stuff, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

either get into smoking or start doing wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

There you go. I hey. You got The wine came from me, not him. Come on. Well, yeah. But beer doesn't really interest me. I mean, drinking beer does, but brewing beer doesn't interest me at least because I've never done that. I think I think brewing beer is more fun, but that's for another episode another time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

Let's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

let's wrap this up. We don't wanna go long because we we've we've probably Thirty six minutes, Stan. Pained our listeners' ears with politics talk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

Then next like the episode You Apple's. The next episode we record will be probably talking about the iPhone. It will be on Tuesday after the Apple event. You'll get to hear it two days later, but stay tuned. We'll find out whether or not the iPhone 12

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

what's John's beaker or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

On that, this is Stan Lemmon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

Wash your hands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

and wear a mask.

