---
title: The Return of... WWDC Commentary
episode: 89
date: 2020-06-25T11:25:48.000Z
slug: the-return-of-wwdc-commentary/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around Apple's transition to ARM-based Macs, its
  potential impact on users, and the company's efforts to improve software
  compatibility. Stan discusses his familiarity with various macOS apps,
  including Audio Hijack Pro and Cyberduck, while John shares his concerns about
  the potential transition period and the benefits of running iOS apps on an
  ARM-based Mac. The discussion also touches on Apple's data centers and their
  technical aspects.
keywords:
  - ARM-based Macs
  - macOS compatibility
  - Audio Hijack Pro
  - Cyberduck
  - Apple data centers
  - cloud services
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So right before I walked in here, Lucy came in and asked to borrow a book. Any guesses what the book might be?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

The Book of Concord.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

The Hobbit?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

The Hobbit. She asked to borrow The Hobbit. So she's sitting on the couch right now reading The Hobbit. And I will tell you that as of late, I've read some bad books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

I'm struggling right now through Gulliver's Travels, and I'm contemplating giving The Hobbit another go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

Yeah. After I watch the movie. Don't watch the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

It's free on HBO Max.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

Alright. Just one of them or all three?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

All three actually. Yeah. Okay. Nice. If if they're laid out like the book, I can actually cut out the middle movie and not miss anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

They aren't really laid out of the book.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

There's a bunch of extra content in the movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

Oh, well, that's interesting. Maybe that'll make it more interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

or appealing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

You haven't said anything about my change of view, but if I can get my Tolkien shelf over there, you might be able to see a volume of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

the histories of Middle Earth, which is a five volume set.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Is that like, Tolkien wrote that? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

Yeah. His his son published it, but Tolkien wrote them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

K. Well, teach your son, John. Have you read all five volumes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:50]

No. They're actually still in plastic wrap because I just got them in May, so I'm kinda slacking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Okay. Alright. Was that like a belated birthday gift to yourself?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

No. My mother actually bought them for me as an actual birthday gift. My birthday gift was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

to myself was a coffee grinder because my trusty Amazon hand grinder failed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

You you never did say, did you buy an electronic grinder, or did you get just another hand grinder? I bought a I went top of the line, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

I went lemon edition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

Oh, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

Was it the burrata?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

Whatever it is. Encore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

Is it it's Barazza. Right? Isn't that what it's called? I don't know. It works well. It has, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

40 different grind settings. I used two of them so far. So Yeah. The Barazza, b a r Barazza. A t z a, And you got the Encore,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

which is what I have, as a conical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

burr grinder. There's actually a model up called the Virtuoso,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

but I don't I I don't need the digital display nor do I make espresso, and that's really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

what what the extra grind says. Actually, I think it's it's probably for, like what is it? The Turkish coffee that's so finely ground. You you know I'm talking about? Oh, yeah. I think that's what you need the Virtuoso for. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

Not my problem. I order my beans from Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

we'll we'll talk about that another time. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

it is June

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

22.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

This is episode 89.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

We last recorded episode 88 on March 10, which makes this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

just slightly more than three months since we last recorded.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

Should we should we address the elephant in the room, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

What's the elephant in the room, Stan? Well, so the podcast went on quarantine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

and we're back. We're back. Stan did survive. I think you sounded better in the last episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, that's right. Because in March

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

in March, I was still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

incredibly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

sick from my Florida trip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

Interestingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

on Friday of this week, so I guess the day after this comes out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

I will have tubes put into my ears, will hopefully conclude that chapter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

of my life that began

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

on February 13.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:10]

We'll have something in common, Stan. You have you don't still have tubes in your ears, do you? No. But I did when I was, like, four years old. Okay. Do when when did they come out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:19]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

don't remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:25]

don't know how long to expect these things to last. So Yeah. Well The doctor didn't tell you? Are they supposed to come out within a year or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

She gave me a couple years. So a year to two Alright. Some somewhere in there. We'll just we'll see what happens. She said it's different with adults than kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

So I don't know. Apparently, they offered to put me under general anesthesia,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

but I was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

I I don't get time for that. I gotta be able to drive myself home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

I mean, way better. Cars that drive us

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

without us having to do anything. Some people have cars like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

Yeah. But laws and stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

So we took a break, and I guess all I'd say is we took a break because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

there were other things going on in life,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

and there wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

we weren't gonna have the kind of conversation we're gonna have tonight. So it made sense to take a break.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

And here we are. Stan and I have talked for most of the whole time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:20]

Not always appropriate for public podcasts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

you know, the nature of things changed. We both had a lot going on in our lives

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

in different ways, a lot to deal with, and it just made sense to take a break. I wouldn't say it planned, but, you know, it happened and here we are. We're back again. And it's appropriate that we kick this off today of all days because on this beautiful Monday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

the Worldwide

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

Developer Conference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

kicked off. It was a very different Worldwide Developer Conference because it's all digital. It was really worldwide.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

Yeah. Yeah. Really worldwide.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

It was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

so they kicked off with the keynote, which, you know, I as long as I can remember, have tuned in to watch. I tuned in again today to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

And it was very different because it was it was much more like, they're always scripted. Right? Right. But this had a different kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

just cinematography

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

to it. It was it was much more put together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

In that sense, it wasn't just, you know, a big

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

stage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

They went down to the the secret lab, and they hopped from place to place. And all in all, I would say I thought it was good. Now you you watched it too, didn't you? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

You've watched this the developer conference keynote in the past. Right? Yeah. For the last several years. I've Okay. Tuned in to everyone. So what was your take, John? Just, you know, overall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

Yeah. So what I couldn't get over was a little weird, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

camera work. Like, the camera was never still just with somebody walking around or I don't know. It always seemed weird, so I thought they were filming for VR or something like that. I haven't seen anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:01]

for that to be true. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

There there was a lot of motion. That's fair. I guess I didn't notice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

that it was constantly moving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

but but I also didn't notice that it was totally still.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

How like, you watched it on your laptop. Right? I did. Through Safari.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

Through Safari. So, interestingly, you could have had the Apple Developer app and watched it through that. I watched it on the Apple Developer app on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

my Apple TV,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

and it was great. The Apple TV?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

I used the Apple TV. Interesting. Here's here's how I decided what to do. I had Safari up, and it was streaming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

And I pulled up the Apple TV app, and it was a couple seconds ahead. And I thought, that's the one I'm sticking with. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:49]

So So I did have to refresh

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

because you guys were talking about this, and you were, like, fifteen seconds ahead of me. So I had to refresh my browser once. Oh, that's that's the worst

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

when it's getting spoiled on you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

So, you know, typically, these events are jam packed with stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

And you have a crowd there that is rooting and cheering,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

clapping, and there's plenty of interruption.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

There was none of those interruptions today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

And it was just constant new stuff. And I would actually say that the the fluff material

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

was non present. So I I always think of like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

keynotes gone awry when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

Apple Music was released, which was not a developer centric thing. The keynote

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

had, like, forty five minutes of stars up on stage talking about their music and stuff. Right. And it was it was not relevant. There was none of that. I mean, we got one trailer for one show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

as far as I recall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

Yep. And that wasn't even a full trailer as far as I could tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

there there was a lot here, and I'm not even sure. You wanna just start with iOS and work our way down? What what do you wanna do? Sure. Are you working off a list or are you just going through our text thread?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

I I actually have a list. I I mean, we could so I I felt like I was live texting it to you and and Mark.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

But I I think so iOS 14, new version of iOS, they kick this off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

by talking about the app library,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

app discovery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

They're basically gonna shake up the home screen paradigm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

lot of emphasis on widgets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

being able to drag widgets to the screen. Android users will look at that and say, well, we've been able to do that forever. Of course, if you ever use the Android phone, you know that most of those widgets are garbage. So, you know, you can learn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

somebody someone's gonna fight me. So this is yeah. Absolutely. Listening to that. He's he's gonna freak.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

So this, they've gone through several iterations

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

of how they do widgets on the iPhone. Now they weren't on the first iPhone. Right? They didn't have Nope. And then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:58]

like, fairly shortly after that, they did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

No. I mean, I I don't we'd have to go back and look, but, you know, the the widgets that you think of when you swipe left,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

those are relatively new. I I would guess those are But there were, like, there was, like, a stock ticker and the weather and other things that you could see on a screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

I mean

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:20]

On my iPhone four, at least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

See,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

I gotta say it's it's kind of a blur to me when that became common. I remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

custom widgets being a big thing. I remember, like, long push in where, you know, you get the pop on screen. That's more recently. But I'm Yeah. I'm thinking there's, like, four different iterations of widgets that they've done on iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

So you're thinking of, like, the the I think the calendar had one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

stocks and weather before custom widgets were even a thing. Right. I I vaguely recall that. I vaguely recall what you're talking about. It's it's funny. It's just like, it's so long ago. Right. You know? It was a long time ago now, Stan. What year did you get your first iPhone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

2007?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

Is that when the iPhone came out? Then, yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

Because because I didn't get it Wait.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

Immediately came out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

but I got it that same year. It was probably four or five months after. Was whenever they did the price drop because they lowered the price by, a $100 or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

Yeah, man. So we're looking at, like, twelve, thirteen years. I'm I'm gonna show you the original iPhone right So so glossy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

It is glossy. Two tone. Yeah. Yeah. The the bottom, that was the antenna. That's where the antenna was. Alright. That's right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

Back with all the all the people complaining about lack of reception, how they held the phone. Alright. No. That you're thinking of the four with the bands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

This the whole bottom, the whole chin of it was the antenna.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

And here, I'm gonna hold it up next to my current one. You can see Man. Difference in size, difference in thickness. But, you know, that that original iPhone is still beautiful. I I never used a case. You can tell if you look at mine real close because it's just scuff all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

to get out. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

I could boot it up, and we could see if iOS on it has It turns on? Oh, I know it turns on. I turned it on recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

you know, just to just to kinda rewind here, new transformation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

of the home screen of, like, you know, app accessibility,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

getting to things, finding things, widgets being a big part of that. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

How let me ask you this. How often do you swipe left?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

On my phone, not a lot. I do tend to use it a lot on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

my MacBook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

Oh, interesting. So I am the complete opposite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

Well, I shouldn't say complete opposite. I I'm not, a your phone more than I do. Well, but I like, on my Mac right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

I don't I think I've got stocks and weather and calendar. That's it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

So I actually have quite a few here on my phone as I'm looking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:56]

But no. I don't use it a lot at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

I mean, there's gotta be somebody out there that does. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

Okay, John. Here I might this is, like, real time here. This is iOS three point o,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

and there are no widgets. So I I don't I don't know what that means other than there are no widgets. Even if you, like, swipe up or down or something? No. There was there was no swipe. I don't know if can see No swipe actions? Yeah. Kind of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

Back in the day, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

It's just crazy. Crazy how much things are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

how much they they they're actually similar to when this phone first launched. But anyhow, I love how the the music app is called iPod. So your audio is now sounding robotic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:44]

I'm not sure if that's gonna come through on the recording or not, but it is through FaceTime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

I wonder if that's interference from that iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

Oh, you think you think then you can check-in with it? Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

I'll have to I'll have take a picture of this thing, and you can include it on the on the post to the site or something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

So Alright. Widgets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

home screen design,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

there's a bunch of, I think, like, subtlety cleanup to the interface.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

I think a big deal maybe is picture in picture. That at least that was a big deal for me. I don't know. Do you ever watch videos on your phone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

No. Not really. YouTube videos, I guess. But I don't ever have the desire to do something else. And YouTube will be the last app to adopt whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

eyes need.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

Picture in picture though, we've had that on the iPad for a while. It's coming there. A bunch of cleanup to messages

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

you know, just make them, I think, even more powerful, kinda leveling up, you know, mentions, pin conversations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

some UI treatments.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

Yeah. Overall, the messages stuff seems like it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

a nice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:55]

polish of what's already a great app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

Yeah. I don't I don't I mean, I'm sure some people want them to, like, blow it up and start over. But I I think it's fine, and I I like these small iterations and enhancements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

I got a kick out of the emoji with the mask. I thought that was funny. It was cute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

You know, there there's a there was a theme with a bunch of these things. Like, I'm thinking about Siri and phone calls and search

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

where they today take up the whole screen, and today they're gonna overlay over whatever else you're doing. So the you know, these interactions become

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

less of a of a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

you know, consuming of of your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

experience. Right? And so Right. That I think that's all welcome. I think I'm I'm all for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

Stuff that was really cool today, I think, was the the digital car key. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

I I hope Honda gets their act together and gets a digital car key soon. Otherwise, I'm gonna have to buy a BMW,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

Which wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. No. It wouldn't be. But, know, I'd I'd rather buy a Mercedes than a BMW, but we're not gonna get into that conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

AppClips? What did you think of AppClips?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

like, it's gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

interesting to see how it's implemented. Like, it seems like it's pretty reliant upon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

how people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

implement them rather than the technology itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

I don't know. So here like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

I first, I misunderstood

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

what this was initially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

I thought this was like, I walk up to a parking meter, and it tells me what app to download. Like, I and I thought that was the extent And of then it registered for me. No. This is actually a small app that will allow me to do my pay for parking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

there in the moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

and then move on to the next thing. I don't have to have it on my phone or like all that all that junk. Right? It doesn't have to doesn't have And to be I thought like, okay. Well, during

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

baseball season, at one point, I had the Taco Bell app, the Wendy's app, the Jimmy John's app, the McDonald's app. And if all of those become app clips, I'll be a happy guy. I'll be a really happy guy. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

So that's that's the angle I was coming at from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

And I love that idea because those apps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

they serve a purpose, but it's always very time bound. And that's exactly what an app clip is. Right? It's like a time bound,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

small set of functionality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

that they want you to engage with and make your life easier in that moment. So I'm actually really excited about this feature in general.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

I don't know. Again, you use your phone more often than I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

You're anti phone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

I I'm a little bit anti phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

You'll get over it someday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

I I looked in Twitter briefly. They were freaking out about emoji search. Apparently, that's a big deal. I didn't know that was a thing. I've never actually seen emojis. Thinking about that yesterday. What was I trying to find? I was trying to find some emoji. As you know, I don't use emojis a lot,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

but, like, I couldn't figure out where it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

So did you just like maybe try typing the word and then see if messages would replace it for you? I did try that. Yes. And it didn't work. Oh, man. See, that's that's how I get the most of mine, and it's funny because the terms I type are what I would expect to search for. So I I truthfully don't understand this feature. It was foreign to me. But what are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

Know. IOS 14 is compatible with iPhone six s and six s plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

This continues to blow my mind. Right? These are old devices that are going to get a whole bunch of new functionality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

So, you know, all of those Android folk out there that hate on iOS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

you know, in in two years when you can't get the latest Android version at all, and your phone has now become a brick, just remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

So Right. Did did you, did you feel the itch to buy an iPad? Because you are currently iPad less, aren't you? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

have a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

mini

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:52]

three, so I don't even know if it's the newest mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

No. It was definitely not the newest mini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

So I have one of those. Currently, it's collecting dust. I haven't turned it on. I don't know if it's supported

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:05]

with OS updates,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:08]

yeah, I I don't use it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

Okay. Did you have any, like, inclination

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

to get an iPad today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

Yeah. So I've kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

I've toyed with this idea ever since really they released iPadOS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

and started doing things specifically on the iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

But looking at the technology

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:31]

that they're doing with the pencil

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

specifically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

seems really inviting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

And I think I would basically just use it around the house, or if I'm traveling on vacation or something, take that instead of a laptop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

But I think I would use it more as a consuming device,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

but, like, the pencil stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

like journaling or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

writing anything becomes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

infinitely easier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

Does it? It's so fascinating you say that because I still to this day, I think I prefer typing. I've been typing since I was in second grade, though. That might be part of the reason. The other thing is I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:07]

like like I said, the mini is the iPad that I have, and I had a mini before that. So it's been a long time since I used, like, anything close to a full keyboard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

on the iPad, and I've never been one for external keyboards just because that kinda ruins the point for me. That's there's lot of other stuff. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

that's the other thing. I don't think I would buy anything smaller than a standard size at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

The keyboard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

doesn't ruin it if it's your only device. And there are a lot of people that are out there. You've heard me say before that I think the base model iPad is one of the best devices that Apple has ever made.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

The price point is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

The hardware is phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

It has Apple Pencil support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

now. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

that that base model iPad is a really, really awesome machine. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

I do exactly what you described. Right? I use it when I travel or rather

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

when I used to travel because I'm not going anywhere these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

even if I travel for work, right, because I don't do personal stuff on my work computer, I would take my work computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

and my iPad, you know, and that's just that's how I travel. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

I use it around the house extensively.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

I use my or my my laptop too, but I I use my iPad quite a bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

I do use it to produce content. I write on it. Actually, I write on it quite a bit. I don't use my Apple Pencil very much even though I have one. Because up until this moment in time, that Apple Pencil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

was largely, in my opinion, geared towards people with artistic skill, and that is definitely not me. Definitely not you. Yeah. I I mean, I could make you some ugly stick figures,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

but that's about it. So Even like your UI design isn't isn't great looking and Oh, doesn't require fine motor skills. Going

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

going a little far now. Going a little far now. Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

But, you know, the the fact of the matter is that what they did in iOS 14 with this thing they're calling scribble,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

right, is is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

The the text recognition and, like, making things you write become

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

objects. Right? Whether they're letters and characters or shapes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

there's some really impressive stuff that's going on that I think is gonna take that pencil and really level it up to a new new, you know, place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

So I this is exciting. I'm, like, really tickled by this. I see a new iPad in my future. My iPad Pro is a couple years old, and I'm overdue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:36]

Are you reading on the iPad at all?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

I do. So I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

my reading experience, I float between my Kindle and my iPad and my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

almost every day. It's it's actually weird how interchangeable they are, because I will literally grab whatever is the closest in that moment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

and read. I never read my iPad upstairs in my bedroom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

Most of the time, I actually prefer my phone because of the the black lit, like the the o the OLED. Right? The pixels being turned off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

I I bought a new Kindle Paperwhite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

over quarantine here, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

I I love it. But I still will read on the iPad from time to time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:16]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

Do you ever pull up the Kindle app on your computer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

Yes. But not not normally. So I I have a couple of books that are, like, computer science y books, which have diagrams and charts and stuff. Those don't look right on the Kindle or the phone. They look okay on the on the iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

but where they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

I I feel like are more tangible is is on the computer. So if I'm reading a technical book, I will pull it up on the computer. But that I mean, we're talking, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

very infrequently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

Because Stan already knows everything and it's locked away in his brain. No. I'm just saying, like, I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

I'm not sitting around, like, you know, reading Gang of Four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

you know, books with code samples too. That's another one that I'll read on Sure. My on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

my laptop. Because if I'm gonna do anything with a code sample, it's gonna be on my laptop better anyhow, you know. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

okay. IPadOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

all around neat. I didn't think I mean, Scribble's a big deal, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

the rest of the things going on were relatively minor. Know, we didn't mention

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

did not mention the translate app. Do you ever translate stuff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

See, I I saw this immediately. I thought to myself, finally, I can go to Northern Italy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

So missus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:37]

Colmair and I have been watching Hotel Impossible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

So the episode that we watched before we started recording here, he was, going to fix a hotel in Palermo,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

and the front desk agents didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:50]

understand some of the things he said, like asking for a towel and things like that. So this would have been helpful there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

Yeah. For him. Sure. Because he didn't have anybody else around it. Neither language, I'm sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

Moving on down the line, macOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

Big Sur. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

I thought this was a joke. I thought Craig Federighi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

did an awesome job setting this up. I mean, he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

alluded to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

someone on drugs picking this name, etcetera, etcetera. You know, it was it was just it was comical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

Did you have you ever heard of Big Sur?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

No. But I haven't heard of a lot of the names that they've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:28]

brought up, and I kinda wish they would move away from islands and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:32]

geographic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

features.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

Are the old places these are all places in California.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

Big Sur, I believe it's South Of San Francisco. It's along the coast there. It looks beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

Sure. I yeah. I didn't know what it was. I thought they were joking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

Somebody there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

must love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

California Features. So anyhow, that's the name of it. I think what's more interesting to me than the name is the version number. Did you catch this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Alright. What what is your Mac version number right now? If you go up to the Apple and you hit about this Mac This is Mac. Yeah. What do you see?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

I see version 10.150.5.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

Right. And as long as I have been a Mac fanboy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

it has been version 10

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

K? I mean, we're talking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

fifteen years, at least sixteen years that I've been in in the Mac space, like, full time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

this version is 11 o.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

And it somehow didn't make the, like, you know, keynote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

They didn't reference it. But I I to me, it's a big deal. It's a progression. Right? We're moving on. This is a new step of of of the, you know, evolution of macOS. So I was I don't know. It was very emotional for me to see that 11. O. So as someone who, like, knows a thing or two about software versioning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

what are kinda, like, the rules of thumb for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

a big major release version number change?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Well, so there's three segments usually. Right? You know, a dot b dot c. And a is usually, you know, big time change. You're breaking compatibility

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

in some way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

The the second that b slot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

is big changes not breaking compatibility.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

Right? But you know, within the spirit of that major release you made. And then the last one is, you know, bug fixes, minor changes, that kind of Patches. Yeah. Right. So sometimes it's called semantic versioning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

but just think like big, medium, small. Right? That's how you break it down. The thing for thing for Apple forever has been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

humongous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

And then it became like no change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

And then it was big change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

And then medium to small depending upon, you know, what was going on. So that last version number, like, if you think about 10 dot 15 dot one. Right? That was a huge change because it fixed so many things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

But 10 dot 15 dot five, not really a big deal, you know. So maybe there'll be some more clarity there. That's kinda what I'm hoping for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

The the truth is I who who pays attention to the version numbers anymore? Yeah. So, like, I don't know if it was web browsers or stuff like this, but people like, they started pushing out versions so quickly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:17]

And, like, really, it's the continuous

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

shipping of code that kind of moved into this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:24]

So I don't know if version numbers mean as much as they once did, but you probably shouldn't call something version one point o if there's been something before it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

Well, there's that. There's a let's see. Chrome is, what, 84 or something like that? Yeah. It's crazy, man. And I think Firefox kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

went the same way. What's my Safari version?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

13.1.one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

Yeah. They've they've got I mean, they've their major versions follow macOS. That's Yeah. That's tricky. So last couple years, macOS has been quick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

and, like, not a lot of depth in terms of what they were doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

at at the WWDC keynote, which saw us a little bit of a letdown because, you know, I mean, WWDC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

is a big deal for Mac developers. Right? Like that before there were iOS developers, you had Mac developers, and this was their jam.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

So today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

I felt like they gave a lot of attention

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

to Big Sur,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

and they covered a lot of ground.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

There's a lot of polish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

There's a lot of bringing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

polish and finish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

back to macOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

We saw a little bit of attention given to a thing called Catalyst,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

which is this ability to run iPad apps on your Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

Right? And and some of the just I don't know. A lot a lot of fit and finish. I don't know how else to describe it other than that. I think though this was a lead in to the big announcement of the day. This was the announcement that was like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

I I mean, it changes everything. Right? And this is probably what we're gonna spend the most time talking about, because I don't imagine we're gonna spend much time talking about WatchOS or TVOS. Are we, John? Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

Do you do you wanna use Although,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

there there is something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:06]

that we need to talk about within watchOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

Sleep tracking?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

Oh, you wanna help the cycling. Tracking is cool. I wanna talk about maps. Yeah. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

the the big announcement of the day was the ARM processors. Before we talk about that though, we're gonna talk about maps, and you probably should talk about your AirPods because you're, you're jonesing, aren't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

My AirPods? So they're cool. But, again,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

I don't love the AirPod form factor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

I just thought it was cool technology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

So first, maps. Maps is updated across the board,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

on Mac, on iOS, on iPadOS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

on watchOS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:47]

And the big thing is cycling directions,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:49]

which might get me back into cycling

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:52]

and just find a random place to go and cycle it. I'll continue my trip to all of the Iowa district east

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

LCMS churches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

Bite you to those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:03]

But What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

was neat about the cycling, I I'm like so cycling routing, like, that there's there are apps out there for that. Right? What got my attention was busy roads and being able to identify busy roads or roads that are not so busy. I mean, there's trail support and all that, but, like, busy roads, that's what I need. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:24]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:25]

So that's gonna be cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

What else? There was something else that I was thinking. So Strava made a bunch of changes that locked a bunch of their features behind

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:37]

premium subscription,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:38]

which is a good business model for them. I'm sure. I mean, they gotta finally start making money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

Right. So this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

might make me just stay locked into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

the Apple ecosystem between the activity and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:55]

I don't know if there's any chance to save routes or something, but it will let you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

track mileage and kind of bring all that into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

I'm sure if that doesn't exist today, it will eventually. Right? Like, I I could this is gonna get this is gonna get some usage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

I am looking forward to it. I've not been on Strava much. I've like, some of the rides I've had, I completely forgot to do on Strava.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

I would be perfectly content with my Apple Watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

even leave behind the Garmin computer for small rides. Right? Now big rides, I'd probably still want the Garmin computer, but, you know, I this is this is awesome. I'm looking forward to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:35]

Yep. Or if you're, like, on a ride and you're in a new town and you're looking for a way for some,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:41]

recovery carbs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:43]

then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

pop it into maps and Yeah. See what pops up. Find the brewery closest to the bike trail.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

You know, this reminds me of one of the thing I wanted to mention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

There were a number of privacy improvements today that, you know, they just this is Apple's jam. Right? Like, they are a privacy oriented technology company when no one else is. One of the things I was really excited about was the location,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

like allowing the user location no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

longer has to be specific. Like it doesn't have to be a pinpoint on a map, but it can be a zone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

And by being a zone, you kind of obfuscate exactly where you're at. And I think that there is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

that's a hugely important feature. I'm so glad somebody over there thought of it, and I I cannot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

wait to have that on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

Now, my kids, when they finally do get phones, they're gonna have specific tracking. I'm gonna be able to see exactly where they see me at a given moment. But for the privacy, I'm gonna send myself What room they're in? Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

Real quick on those AirPods. The thing that was neat about them, right, was that they have tried to model

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

360 degrees of sound. So if you've got 5.1 or 7.1, you get a actual 5.1 or 7.1

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

experience

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:55]

in these teeny tiny headphones. Yep. They're gonna do things like track, you know, what direction your head is turning and the movement And comes up for that. All of Or where you're holding your iPad. Like, if you're holding it in between you and another person. I don't know if you compare two AirPods to an iPad, but maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

I don't know, man. I don't know. That would be cool. What what blew my mind about this is they're doing it through a firmware

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

update. This was not a new set of headphones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

This is It seems they built this in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:26]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

anybody knew that they were working on it, except people were working on the hardware for it. So big deal. Big, big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

But now let's shift back. Right? We've covered everything. Everything that we're gonna talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

Apple is making their own silicon chips.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

For the computer? For the computer. Yeah. Because they've been doing this for the phone and the iPad forever. Forever. The iPad has always had Apple silicon in it as far as I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

And the the iPad chipset is stinking fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

fast. And it consumes very little power, which they placed a lot of emphasis on in the keynote. Right? Kinda just highlighting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

that they're they're targeting a quadrant. Right? They basically have an x y axis of like speed and power usage. And computers today, like the desktop computer, right? Get as much speed as you want with a ton of power consumption. What they want is as much speed as you want with little power consumption.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

And this is, I think, a big deal for a couple of reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

One, like, the heat output from a beefy desktop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

a little much. You got, you know, your electrical bill to go with it, you know, all that jazz. For portables, you're talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

that you can be disconnected,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

that it will be unparalleled to anything else in the mobile computing space.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:51]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

So I this is a huge deal. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

you you came into the Mac ecosystem post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

Intel transition. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Yeah. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

PowerPC laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

which I loved. I had I had just a great time with that PowerPC laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

But then after that first PowerPC laptop, I bought the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

first Intel based

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

MacBook Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

which cost an arm, a leg, and a kidney.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

But that computer was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

It was unbelievable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

the things I could get away with on that computer having then been on the power PC machine. But it was a long transition,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

and it was not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

smooth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

You know, things like Rosetta, which I highlighted today, helped a lot, but it was a long time before all of my apps were Intel based. So I don't know what to expect with this. I really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

how long of a transition this will take, or how rocky it'll be. I think the Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

Developer Toolset is better situated now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

to help people through this than it was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

you know, gosh, that was fifteen years ago, John. Holy Moses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

The other thing I was thinking about today is that most of my apps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

on my Mac today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

are either native

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

they're electron apps. And there's a really little gray area in between that I care about, like Microsoft Office and whatnot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

Sure. But by and large,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

I don't use a lot of non macOS apps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

So I don't know how much this actually affect me. So, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:31]

if worse comes to worse, we can switch from Audio Hijack Pro to GarageBand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:37]

I am confident that Audio Hijack Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

will be ready for the arm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

arm transition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

That those Rogue Amoeba guys are fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

and they stay on top of all of the latest and greatest Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:52]

But So else do I use?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:54]

I use Safari.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

I use Pixelmator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

but I imagine Pixelmator will be a fairly early adopter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

Yeah. There's no doubt about that. No doubt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:06]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:07]

Cyberduck?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:09]

You still use Cyberduck? I do. Wow. Man, I touch so many websites in a day. Like, I got to. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:18]

Have you ever lived at Transmit?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:20]

Yeah. I used Transmit for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

That's such a better app, dude. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

what about Paprika? You use Paprika? Not on computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

Oh, man. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

Unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

Well, that's the thing. Like, Paprika and things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:36]

like, worst case scenario, you can run the iOS app. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

Well, yeah. There's that. Exactly. That was that was part of the, like, announcement today. Right? Is that basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

any iOS app will just run.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

And what was I thought funny,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

they,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

at one point, like, oh, by the way, all the demos we've done for you today of Mac OS Big Sur, we did those on an ARM based Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

So Yeah. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

this is they've they've been working on this. It's ready to go. It's that was crystal clear. And I I think I think it's a it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

gonna be exciting. I I just I hope it goes smooth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:12]

What do you know about, like, the Apple data centers? So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:17]

the data center that runs Siri or stuff like that. Because I can imagine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:22]

that if they aren't using some kind of crazy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:26]

technology there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:27]

like, this will drastically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:30]

cut

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:31]

costs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:31]

as they put some of their own chips in there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:35]

bring down cooling costs, and everything like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

Yeah. It's a good question. I don't I don't know much about Apple data centers. I don't know that anybody really does. Sure. Apple is pretty close to the best on There's one in Iowa. That's what I know. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

I a few years back, they had shared some information about them using Cassandra, and that was, like, a big deal because they kinda, like, you know, revealed some technical details. So Yeah. I would imagine they have a very like, most companies that are doing what they do in the services, you know, section

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

of the world, they probably have a very large Linux footprint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

with a lot of open source software.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

True. That's not going to benefit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

from this transition is my guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:18]

You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

who knows what happens three years from now though, right? Because when you provision a piece of hardware in a data center,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

it's it's got a limited term

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:28]

to it. Right? Like, it won't be gone in three years time usually. You know, sometimes faster, sometimes longer, just depends on on the company and how it's being used. But my bet is that they probably turn over all of their hardware every three years or so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

I you know, it could very well change things. Mac OS kinda peeled back from the server world for a while, you know. People were using Mac minis to do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

Now the Mac Pro is rack mountable again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

And it had been a long time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

since Apple had scuttled the Xserve,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

which was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

you know, an actual dedicated rack mountable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

piece of Mac hardware.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

Will they do something ARM based?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

On an infinite time scale? Probably. Yeah. Why not? You know? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

they're you know, from a software standpoint, I don't know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

they're going to necessarily run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

like a headless Mac OS to do that work. Maybe. Maybe they will. Maybe I'll be totally wrong. I just don't it doesn't seem like it's in the cards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

Seems like a big change. So Yeah. I like, they're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:33]

the technology is being driven mostly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:36]

by the consumer, which is how jobs would have had it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

like this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:42]

car stuff and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:45]

all all the other stuff there. So I don't know, like, how much

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:50]

of that like, the even the whole switching to the system is so that the user has a better experience, longer battery life,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:57]

make final cut, not be a pain to run and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:01]

compress a feature film and stuff like that. So it'll be interesting to see,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

like, how much of that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:08]

Apple actually uses that wouldn't be specifically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:12]

consumer based.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

Well, you know, your your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:15]

favorite tech writer, Walt Mossberg, today My favorite tech writer. On Twitter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

or retired tech writer. I I didn't even look at him. He came out of retirement for today. He did. Yeah. I haven't haven't looked to see what he what he did today other than to share a tweet with a clip of jobs at the old all things digital conference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

talking about the transition from iPad to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

computers. Right, PCs or from PCs to an iPad rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

And Yep. Jobs uses this analogy where he's like, you know, when we were a more agrarian nation, we all drove trucks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:51]

And then as we've, you know, urbanized and suburbanized,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

we've had less need for a truck. And now cars, outnumber trucks, and I think he says like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

one in 20 vehicles are a truck or some some random number, right, like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

Sure. But he points out that there's still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

a need for trucks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

and you still have to have them. Right? And so I I think that is a very timely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:15]

clip to reference,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

when you think about macOS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

about where we're at in this moment and where we're headed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:23]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

This ARM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:26]

transition is going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

help

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

macOS and I think iPadOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

converge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

We we're already starting to see that. Right? Catalyst was a huge step in that direction. The writings on the wall, they look more and more alike.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

don't know that it's a bad thing, but that you're still always gonna need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

that workhorse to develop on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

And to build your iOS apps, you know, to to build the websites that power the world, including Apple's own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:55]

And, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

know, the the Mac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:58]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

what developers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

use by and large. Right? Like, they're not they're not using Windows.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:06]

And There's gonna be some people who don't like you for saying that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:10]

Well, yeah. And Mostly dot net developers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

but, know. Sure. Sure. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:15]

I mean, there's always exception. Right? But even dot net developers will testify that they're running most of their stuff on Linux now because they're moving to dot net core and and all that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:25]

And I I I think I think that's the sinister thing. Right? Like, reason that people use Macs today is because it has a Linux like operating system. You can do a lot of the same things you do on Linux

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:36]

on a Mac OS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:37]

machine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

but with a much better, you know, UI to it. What happens And I think a lot of that probably hinges upon exactly what that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:48]

experience is like for people that are going to do Linux like things. They teased it a little bit today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

by talking about virtualization, which is, you know, running a different operating system on top of another. So Parallels, VMware, VirtualBox, these things, right, allow you to run Windows on my Mac, or Linux on my Mac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:05]

And today, all those things take a a performance hit, and they're, you know, varying degrees of kludgy. So what what's Apple gonna do on the ARM architecture? Are they gonna be able to make it, you know, adequate? I don't know. We'll see. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:21]

So you brought up the point earlier that basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:27]

Intel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:28]

could no longer keep up with what Apple was trying to do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:33]

So basically, they had to go find their own solution.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

Yeah. I mean, if you look at Intel's progress over the last, let's just say, five years, right, it has slowed to a crawl.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

The old TikTok system is over, right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:48]

New architecture, revision, new architecture, revision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:51]

They've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:52]

they're just not innovating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:55]

the same way. And they're not cutting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:58]

the the the power consumption

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

fast enough for mobile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

like, even be competitive. Right? And that's why Intel doesn't really have a a hold of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:12]

mobile processor space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:14]

Right. They used to have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:18]

modems, like like radios for phones and stuff, but I believe they sold that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:23]

Heck, Apple might have even bought that. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:27]

But, you know, the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:30]

iPad if you just look at the iPad, right, the performance specs have just gone through the roof. It is a really powerful device. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:38]

And I I think the question is, can Apple continue to innovate at that pace?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:43]

And I think for a while, yeah, they're gonna be able to. I think Intel's gonna continue to struggle to keep up. I think this is a huge blow to Apple or to Intel rather. And I'd be curious, I didn't even look. Did you see what what happened to Intel's stock? No. I didn't look.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:58]

Let's see what Not that stocks are great

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:01]

at all. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:03]

they're they're reactionary. So Intel's a little bit up on the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:06]

Not major. I'd be curious to see what happens tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:10]

You know, interestingly, it looks like they started us to go up today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:14]

around 02:45PM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:18]

About the time that Apple announced ARM chips, that's weird. So we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:23]

I I think the other thing though that is really critical here is when you think about what Apple does, it's an integration of hardware and software.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:30]

And they're gonna be able to write software that is specific

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:33]

to their processor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:35]

And if you don't think that matters, try doing VR stuff on your iPhone versus your Windows computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

Or AR. Sorry. AR. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:46]

Depends on what you're talking about. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

I mean, that's that's the latest hotness, but but you you get me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:55]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:56]

John, anything else memorable for today?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

You seem intrigued by HomeKit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:04]

I did. So I'm still in on Alexa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:08]

I've got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:09]

a smart garage door opener,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:12]

several lights,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:13]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:16]

I guess that's all that I have running on it right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:19]

Do any of those have HomeKit compatibility?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:22]

Unknown. I'd have to look. I'm sure some of my sockets do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:29]

But yeah. So HomeKit looks intriguing. The problem has always been, like, the HomePod

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:35]

is expensive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:37]

It is. I gotta think that's gonna change. I I mean, here's the thing. Like, even if I'm not using it for a great smart speaker, like, you think they would give me something to work with,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:47]

that would be cheaper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:49]

Well, you have your phone, John. I have my phone. Yes. But my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:54]

might be sitting down here all night. So You you also have your watch, and you can say, hey. Whatchamacallit to either

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:00]

and and and get it that way. So I think I think that's their answer to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:05]

the inexpensive route. The HomePod is a decent speaker. Right? That's that's its edge. And Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:13]

I have to think the price of that will come down if they're gonna continue to invest in it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:19]

You know, I I gave up on Alexa. I packed my Lexus up. I don't even think I own them anymore. I think I recycle them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:27]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:28]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:29]

I don't know, man. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:31]

privacy element has become

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:34]

too much of a big deal for me. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:37]

I I favor HomeKit. I favor being able to use my watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:41]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:42]

yeah, I'll I'll take the slight inconvenience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:45]

of not having a HomePod because I don't have a HomePod. I have I have speakers, but I don't have a HomePod. Sure. Actually actually, I think my speakers are Alexa enabled, John. They might be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:54]

Your thermostat is. Yeah. It is. It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:58]

But none of that's set up, so it's not listening as far as I know. Yep. Yeah. My thermostat is not listening either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:04]

Not yet. Just you wait. Not yet. You just getting keep sucked into the the whole system here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:10]

Yeah. We'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:12]

I don't know. But, yeah,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:14]

just the stuff that they're doing with HomeKit seemed cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:17]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:18]

it looks like it's polished more than it when initially came out too. Like, there's just cool widgets and stuff that you can add and make things super simple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:28]

It it's definitely improved a lot. I think one of the things that was neat was they are gonna start making automation recommendations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:35]

and and that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:36]

I think that's something nobody else is really doing yet, at least not that I know of. Right. And so, you know, I look forward to that. I'm looking forward to And, like a shot. The big thing here is this all takes place

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:49]

privately.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:50]

Like, nobody else is seeing this data that, hey. We recommended to go do this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:55]

It all happens on device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:57]

That there was a whole bunch of emphasis on that, even serious stuff and translation and dictation, all of that is moving on to device. Yep. Which if you don't think that's a big deal, you need then you, dear listener, need to read up on exactly who is doing what with your information, and how they're how they're using it to to learn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:16]

way too much about you and manipulate your purchasing decisions and things of that sort. So And then go watch Minority Report.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:23]

There you go. Bingo. Oh, that's a that's a great That's that's what I thought with the facial recognition

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:29]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:30]

tvOS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:31]

So, like, the home kit with TV,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:34]

you can have facial recognition for people who walk up to your door.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:38]

It's it's fascinating, man. But, yeah, all on device. So Yep. Gotta gotta love it. Gotta love it. But Thankfully, we're all hunkered down in our houses right now, so no random cameras out in the wild can start trying to figure out who we are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:51]

If you are walking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:53]

through a mall right now listening to this podcast, go home. Do mall do malls still exist?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:57]

I think so. There's a rumor. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:00]

I don't expect to see one anytime soon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:02]

So I don't expect that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:04]

many stores inside them would last through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:07]

everything being closed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:09]

Are any mall shops essential?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:11]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:12]

I mean, not essential stuff's open at this point, but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:16]

I I don't know. That's another podcast for another time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:19]

To close out this WWDC thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:21]

how old are our laptops? They're about two years?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:25]

Yeah. Because if we well, it was the first thing we talked about on the podcast pretty much. Yeah. So here's my prediction. I I predict that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:34]

MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:36]

13 inch will be the first Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:39]

Mac in the lineup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:41]

to get an ARM based chip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:44]

And Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:45]

I predict that I will at least think about buying it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:50]

if I don't completely pull the trigger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:53]

At least think about that seems like a safe bet, Stan. Well I think you you buy it, but you're old and you don't like to spend money anymore. Like, the old Stan would have bought that the second he could.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:04]

This Stan will probably hold out for a couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:08]

Maybe. We'll see. I think I think that's what we should track. We should track does stand by the new ARM based Mac or not, and and we will find out because I tell you, dear listener, you will find out first here on Life With a Twist of Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:23]

That means we're gonna record more than one episode here, Stan. I I mean, that's that's the thought. We'll see, John. Who knows? I guess I better pay

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:32]

for another year of website hosting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:34]

Either that or we redo the website so it doesn't cost you so much money. Cost me so much money? Maybe. Domain probably needs to be renewed too. Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:43]

I tell you, nickel and dime, this this Internet thing, it's expensive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:48]

So Alright. Anything else we wanna say on the return of the lemon?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:54]

I don't think so, John. I think it's been a good episode. Think we should wrap it up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:58]

Well, I have something to say, Stan. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:02]

If you are listening and your podcast provider still

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:07]

sends you updates,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:08]

then you should like us on Facebook, facebook.com/twistoflemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:12]

And if you wanna hear us talk about anything specifically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:15]

have a random question for us, you can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

go to our website, twistoflemonpod.com,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:22]

click the contact page, and that email will come to both of us. So even if Stan doesn't like it, we can still get it on air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:30]

Hey. Do you know who Bob Barker is. Right? Yes. Do I sound like Bob Barker? No. But I was just wondering, do think listeners will know who Bob Barker is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:39]

Probably, considering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:40]

half of our listeners are our parents or in laws. Okay. Alright. So you're ready for this? I've been thinking about this all day. Woah. This is Sam Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen, wash your hands and wear a mask.
