---
title: California Streaming
episode: 152
date: '2021-09-16T14:25:44.000Z'
slug: california-streaming/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

With a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, we've reset the timeline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:26]

You have reset the timeline. I take no responsibility for this. Like like the TVA,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

we are now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

linearly in a single pristine universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

If you say so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

No, man. I mean, like, we're we're recording on a Wednesday. This is gonna release literally tomorrow. We're gonna talk about things that happened this week. Like, this is Yeah. You don't like lag, and you don't like timeless episodes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

I mean, I like timeless episodes. We just don't have a lot of timeless stuff to talk about. And this this is definitely not gonna be a timeless episode. In fact, this is this is a very timely episode, I think, because we are going to talk about the Apple event that happened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

yesterday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

on Tuesday, September 14. This is the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:07]

the annual September event, which is almost always the iPhone event. Right? This is this is the kinda apex of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

the Apple life cycle, I guess. Right? So this is such a big deal that Apple actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

puts they they close their fiscal year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

typically, with the September

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

to to capture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

the bulk of iPhone sales in their q one. Right? So most companies do this. Right? They they target if if you're ever wondering, like, why don't why don't companies just use,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

normal calendars?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

Well, this is a great example to point to because you want the bulk of your like, your highest revenue quarter to be q one. Right? So your whole year revolves around that. And for for Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

that is literally that October to January kinda window.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

So here we are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

on the verge of Apple's Apple's big event. You speak like somebody who has been taking a finance class.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

Well, I'm okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

Regardless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

I I think it's important just to think about, like, this is this is Apple's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

primary business. Right? Like, we I think it's easy for us to think about Apple as a computer company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

which they are, or as a services company, which they are, a health company, music company, whatever. Right? But their primary business, the lion's share of their revenue comes from this one device. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

So, we got a we got a couple things to go over. It's, watch iPad iPhone. Those were the headlines for this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

this, this one. I I guess let's just kinda start well, alright. First thing they did is they they featured Apple TV plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:46]

Before that, they had a really excellent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

soul fill rendition

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

about how California's off. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

Well, the event was called California Streaming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

I mean, it's like Apple names their their Mac operating systems after places California. Right? So, like, we we know they love California. Every device is made in California or designed in California rather. But I like the song. I should go find it. It's probably on Apple Music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

Yeah. You should that would be great. Maybe put it in the notes. There you go. But but they segued it into Apple TV plus, which, this is interesting timing because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

for a while now, really probably leading up until August, we had a lull

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

in terms of content being released to Apple TV plus. I shouldn't say August.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

Maybe maybe we'll just say June.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

Bay basically, there was a point in time where, I think, for all mankind, the most recent season came out, and then there was a little bit of a lag. You had a little bit of Mythic Quest come out, but now it's like everything's coming out. Right? So Truth Be Told just came out. Siege just came out. Ted Lasso is out. They've had a couple new shows. We've got the morning show around the corner. There's just a lot of content,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

and, obviously, a whole bunch of this was shut down because of COVID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

and I feel like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

Apple TV plus had, like, this strong start with a couple headline shows, then COVID hit, and it kinda looked like a dud. Like, why am I wasting $5 a month on Apple TV plus? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

I I think the what they highlighted, though, really shows why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

honestly, I think they've got some of the best content out right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

So I don't know. You're you're a newbie to Apple TV plus. What do you think? Yeah. So just from an Apple TV plus standpoint,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

I have only watched one thing that I did not like or that wasn't done well. I guess there's a couple things where I didn't buy into the story, but, like, it was really high caliber production.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

One thing I didn't like was Mister Corman.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

Oh, yeah. And I I couldn't get into that one. And I think it's Actually weird writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

It is. It's very strange. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

only other the only other one that I can think of that I didn't care for I'm trying to blank on. It's a seventies show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

with with, like, the the yoga lady. What what is that called? Oh, I've seen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

the the selection on Apple TV, but I haven't watched it. It'll it'll come to me here in a bit, but I didn't care for that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

Missus Lemon really liked Schmigadoon, and I was, like, lukewarm on Schmigadoon, but, you know, teach his own. And and I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

by and large, though, like, if you just look at at kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

Physical. That's the show we're thinking of. Physical, the is is the name of it, with Rose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

Burn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

If you look at the the content that's released, by and large, it's been it's been good. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

And I think I've said this before. Think Ted Lasso is probably the best show to come out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

Alright. I don't know, man, in a long time. Long time. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

you know, I think it was appropriate that they featured this. I I there were there were no, like, major announcements in my mind. Like, all these things have been stated before. Yeah. But it just showed it was basically a trailer for the upcoming seasons of everything, and it kinda coincides with what is historically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

the kickoff of television in the fall. So Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, now that now that Hollywood's making content again, I think this puts Apple in a position to to continue to ramp up. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

And and, I mean, if I'm if I'm looking at this and I'm, say, Netflix or HBO Max even,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

I I'm probably a little bit worried. You know? Like like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Apple is is making a quite a big splash, and it's so funny because so many people thought that they were not going to be successful doing this. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

And I I think Apple has just been kinda, like, silently cruising along Well, awesome then storytelling. Ted Lasso with how many Emmys?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

Like, that's gonna bring a bunch of people who think, oh, Apple TV is just for Apple devices into the fold as well. So Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

And I think, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

For All Mankind has has had a had a pretty good splash. The morning show has splashed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:44]

First episode of For All Mankind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

I watched the whole season of The Morning Show. I'll probably watch season two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

I also watched movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:54]

I watched Greyhound, and then I don't know if I told you that we watched The Banker last weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

Oh, nice. The Banker is really good too. Yeah. The Banker's fantastic. That's one they actually hesitated, or they they held back on releasing right away. Greyhound is excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

so other ones that I I generally recommend to people, I I think Defending Jacob is a really good series. It's just a it's just a one one and done kind of thing. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

then I've really enjoyed Truth Be Told, so that that just had season two roll out, and I think that's totally worth checking out as well. I I think I told you I liked Tehran, but it I don't think it's for everybody. That's just kind of the That's kinda like, Mythic Quest was kinda like that too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:31]

Yeah. Like, Mythic Quest is a weird humor and weird,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

like, nerdy content.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

So it's like, if you like The Office and you play video games, you'll probably like it. Yeah. Yep. Definitely. Definitely. I think that's a that's a great,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

great analysis there. So okay. Apple TV plus, and then we segue right into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

what I believe is the computer for most people, which is the base iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

This this is a fascinating set of updates to me. So first of all, it's got the a 13 chip, which is not a new chip. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

But it's a significant speed boost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

They

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

upgraded the snot out of the camera on the base iPad, which is You have been asking for forever for both the front and back camera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

Yep. Yep. And, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

this camera is is the same as, like, what I have in the iPad Pro. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

the the problem right now is that Apple Mac devices have lousy cameras. Right? Yep. But it's clear that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

this is largely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

all the front camera updates are largely in response to the last eighteen months, which we've spent, you know, largely remote for a lot of things. I think FaceTime's gotten a lot more traction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

Interestingly, it also features Center Stage, which I don't your iPad doesn't have. Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

Not that I know of. No. Okay. So I used

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

I've I've used FaceTime on my iPad a few times now, and I I genuinely forgot that center stage was a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

What what caught me off guard was I think I was talking maybe to my mom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

and Sarah, like, slid in to the, like, you know, the the couch next to me, and center stage adjusted to pull her into division, and I was like, woah. That's cool. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

it's it's a subtle thing that I think makes a big impact. Yep. In general, you know, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

this device is for most people. Like, if you need a computer or if you think you need a computer, because you probably don't, but if you think you do, this is where you should start.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

And the the camera improvements here, I think, are a direct response to the last eighteen months of life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

in the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

It's all good stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

I was stoked that they brought true tone to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

So I, you know, I can't I've not had a device that hasn't had true tone at all. Right. I didn't know that the base model iPad didn't have true tone. Yeah. It's well, and it's so funny because I think it really does make a big difference. Oh, yeah. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

And it the I it's one of those things that makes a big difference, but you forget that it's there. So if you go in and you turn off True Tone, like, dark at night as your device has been adjusting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

you know, like, you're like, it's jarring. It's really jarring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

No price change, storage bump. And I think storage bump is a headline for this whole event, but base model is now 64 gig. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

I think the fact that they have been able to do these upgrades and maintain this price point at $329

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

is is honestly impressive. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

there's maybe there's an element of of just, like, you know, scale. They're selling so many of these that they can do this, but the fact of the matter is this is a more powerful computer than I ever had growing up. Right? Yep. And a more capable device and safer for most people. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

you know, I don't I I wouldn't say, like, any of this was overly shocking to me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

because, look, we expected I mean, center stage is kinda a big deal on a base model.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. That's that's totally fair. Now, two things did surprise me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

and I've I've I've been new about this. I'm curious what your perspective is. One,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

this will be the only iPad now that does not have USB c for power. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

And then two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

this is the only iPad that does not support Apple Pencil two at this point. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

The question is, did they do that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:22]

to keep the price point?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

Or,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

I don't know. Was the design in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:30]

like, design couldn't have been in progress for that long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

No. No. I don't I don't think it's I I don't think it's a design thing. I mean, I guess the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

Apple Pencil two magnet requires the flat edges, and I don't believe this new iPad has the flat edge. Think it's still still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

still the base. So maybe that's the reason for that. Right? And they're they're capitalizing on a lot of production equipment using the same body. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

So, like, let let's say maybe that's the reason. I I've been thinking about this USB c thing because as you know, like, I'm generally chafed by the fact that I don't have consistent plugs. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

I I think that this might be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

simply a response to the fact that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

there's so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

much lightning stuff out there, like generally accepted, like, or just generally available. Right? And especially, like, if you're a school and you you yeah. I don't know. Maybe you got a charging bank and it's all lightning. Like, this is the only reason I can explain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

they didn't do this apart from just not changing the body. But, Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

They had some, cool figures

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

in there that now that you mentioned schools, like, it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

three times faster than the fastest

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

Chromebook

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

or the most popular Chromebook, and then, like, six times faster than any Samsung thing. So Yeah. That's huge for, like, schools who are all in on Chromebooks and all one to one devices now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Yeah. I think, like, so much of that is just Apple silicon, which is leaps and bounds Oh, yeah. Ahead of the competition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

And they you know, Apple didn't hesitate to make several digs at the competition in terms of the the chip. Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

And I I think at this point, they're they're totally fair game. My general take is, like, this device is not only faster than the Chromebook that you have. It's gonna last you longer. Oh, yeah. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

if Apple can I I I think, generally, this is a durable device, but if Apple can continue to improve the durability of it, like, that's a big deal for schools?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

I I'm gonna just here's my prediction. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

The next iteration of this device, of the base iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

will not have the same form factor, and that will be the one that is only Apple Pencil two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

is only USB c. That's my prediction right here. I think this is the last of this generation. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

But we'll see. We'll see. Okay. So this one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

I you know, like, it's an important update, but I I wouldn't say this was the iPad headline. Think the next one, which is the mini, was the headline. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

You're you had you used a mini far longer than I ever did. I had a mini I had just one mini one time. I had two minis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

and I loved it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

At this point now, like the iPads have become so light. Would I still want it? Maybe. I don't know. But this is basically the mini version of the Air. Yep. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

So it's just the screen size that's different. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

overall, it's the screen is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

not as impressive as the Air 500 nits. I can't remember what the Air is. Yeah. I'd have to look up the stats. I I think calling it though, basically, in a in a smaller

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

screen version of the Air is is the right way to frame it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

For a lot of people, this is probably a good device. Don't know. You know, it's not So it depends on what you're gonna use it for. So, like, I used one of the first things I did with the Air was I watched Black Widow on it with Anna,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

and I don't think that would be as enjoyable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

on a mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

No. No. I I imagine the mini is better for, like, in the field type stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

The the thing with the mini is you can throw it in a cargo pocket.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

Like Yeah. Well, maybe you can. I don't know. Yeah. It's I I think this is roughly a large Kindle. Right? Is that is that fair? Yeah. So like the Kindle, like if you're just reading a lot on the iPad, that would be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

a great use there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

Like, I don't Alright. I don't know that I would read on I haven't really read on my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

Air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

So Real real time update here. The iPad Air has 500 nits brightness, which is the same Yeah. As the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

So I think I think your assertion that this is basically an upgraded or excuse me, a smaller,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

form factor Air is is is correct. Right? What what's interesting is the price point here is $4.99,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

and I'm thinking let's see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

So the Air starts at at $5.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

Yep. Right? So a a $100 difference basically to to go up in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

screen size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

We'll talk about this when we get to the phone, but I I continue to think that the naming for the iPad line is extremely confusing. Yes. It's it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

it's not helpful. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

because I think it's you know, the Mini used to be a smaller form factor of the base. Right. That's definitely not true. Right? So there's a lot of confusion, I think, in the in the branding on iPad. But, you know, if you're looking for a smaller device, I think this is a good this is a good option.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Not for me. I'm pretty happy with my Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

I I even honestly been thinking like This does have Touch ID support though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

Yeah. It does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

Yeah. On on the button. On the button. And I think I don't know. I'm I'm of the opinion at this point that every Apple device should have Touch ID on the button as well as the face ID. So, you know, Apple Apple doesn't agree with me apparently yet, but, you know, we'll see. Maybe one day. Maybe one day. Alright. Next up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

Apple Watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

I don't think there could have been any predictions more wrong

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

from the pundits than the Watch. Right? Because we were we were told we need a full new body, like a new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

shape to the device. Yep. It was going to be that kinda like flat edge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

that we're used to on the iPad Air and iPad Pro and the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

That didn't happen, but the bezel is smaller.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

Thereby making the screen bigger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

Yep. Which looks like they're gonna do some cool stuff. The the actual form factor of the screen, it it's it's going up by, I think, one millimeter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

in each size. So it's, like, forty one and forty five or it was forty and forty four Yeah. Before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

And I think I'm trying to remember now. What was it? It was like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

it was even smaller. It was like thirty eight and forty one originally or something. I I don't remember. Thirty eight and forty two, I think. Oh, 42. Okay. Yeah. So they've gotten progressively bigger, I think that's I think that's generally fine. I don't think it's a bulky device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

I I don't know, man. This struck me as a rather modest update Yeah. For the watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

the big thing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

that stuck out for me was the keyboard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:22]

like an actual keyboard on the watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

With with the swipe capabilities that we're used to from the phone. Right. Right? Which in my experience is pretty solid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

So, like, that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

maybe 80% software, 20% hardware. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

Well, I imagine the chip that's in this has something to do with that, plus Yeah. Just the real estate being big enough so they've got the right touch areas to be able to run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

the ML to to to figure that out. Right. I I think they called it quick path keyboard. I think that's what they referred to. Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

there's no new health features in this one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

in terms of, like, sensors. Right? So we did not get there there have been rumors floating around about blood pressure, temperature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:06]

Early on, the first thing they showed was, like, if you fell off a bike,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

it asked if you're okay. So I don't know if that means a new sensor or if it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

how they're doing that. I I would imagine it's I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

don't I don't know if it's the gyroscope or what sensors they use because there's fall detection on the device today, but it it cannot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

distinguish between, like, me falling in the hallway and me falling off of a mountain bike, which is which is what they're catering this to. So I'm imagining they just improved those existing sensors, and that that definitely is a health benefit, but it's not a it's not like a broad spectrum Right. Health benefit. Right? Not like when they added the ECG

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:39]

or even the blood oxygen level, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

it really hasn't gotten the same level of attention, I think, as the ECG did, You know? Yeah. So, like, the blood oxygen level,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

I remember them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

briefly announcing it, and then it was featured for, like, five seconds yesterday. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

Well and I think the I think the fundamental difference is Apple decided with the ECG feature to go through full I think it's FDA approval to, like, make sure this was, like, an actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

health device. Right? And with blood oxygen, they chose not to do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

And so I think I think that I'm not I'm not sure why. I don't know if it's just, like, procedurally, that's harder to do, or they're too, like, on the leading edge of this technology. I I I don't know what the story is there, but I think that that has resulted in them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

you know, not playing it up as much. I also will say it's entirely possible they release blood oxygen too early because they thought it would be advantageous in in COVID. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

I to my surprise, I haven't actually heard of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

a lot of folks talking about it, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

know, in in context of, like, detecting COVID earlier or anything like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

maybe it just wasn't that big of a deal. I didn't I didn't upgrade to the last one, so I've not I've not used blood oxygen. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

I will say I have now met several people where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

the sensors that they use for the ECG have detected

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

atrial fib,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

on an individual and alerted them proactively.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

And, I I mean, I'm I've I've got a heart history from a congenital defect. Right? So I see my cardiologist, and I take an ECG every week, and I showed those to him as well as to my general practitioner. Right? Like, it's it's a powerful little tool. I think there's a lot of value in it. Maybe blood oxygen just wasn't there, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

nothing like that this go around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

I am on a series five, and my wife is on a series four. So I think these are probably updates I'm going to go ahead and pull the trigger on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

I'm also super stoked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

the Apple Watch charger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

now plugs into USB c. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Getting closer, Stan. Getting closer. Getting closer. So overdue though. Like, I honestly, it it was so irritating to me that when I would travel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

I would have most everything plugging into a USB c brick. Yep. Except my watch. I would bring a traditional,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

you know, brick just for the watch, and that that irritated me. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

gonna charge faster. I think they were saying they get the 80% in eight minutes, which is insane. Right? The amount of energy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

transfer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

So I think Apple continues to do cool things Yeah. I think that's got that's kind of a health benefit too because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:18]

like, right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

I take my watch off at night to charge it, so I don't get any sleep tracking function.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:23]

Yep. So I think that's a play to make it really a wearable all day device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

Yep. Definitely. Right? So you go put it on the charger as you're brushing your teeth or whatever you do in your your evening routine, you can put it back on and then be good to go. Yep. So I'm I'm totally with you there. I think the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

the ultimate long play here is is, like you said, all day wearable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

They're improving the sleep tracking in watchOS eight. Right? So, you know, we'll we'll see if it's kinda what we want. Right? I I I think they should some heart rate analysis stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

I the sleep tracking leaves a lot to be desired right now on the watch. Yep. With the app. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

The it yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:06]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

this is the only device that did not have a release date. Yeah. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

we we've heard rumors that there are production issues, so this one, we don't know where we're gonna get it. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

Yeah. Surprisingly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

like, the iPad, you could order

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

Shipping next week. Right? Yep. With the iPhones, and they can order

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:27]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

Any interest in a watch, John? Because you do wear an Apple Watch, but you've got a pretty old one, don't I do. I have your second hand me down. So that's series three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

That sounds right. The one that doesn't the one before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

the always on display.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

I thought series five was always on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

Series four brought the ECG, five So you this was a refurb. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

Well, what happened was I had Series one three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

Three. I think I had a series two and a series four. I don't think I got the three. I don't remember now. But if if you recall, the two had screen issues, and I got a hairline crack that apparently was covered under an extended warranty program. And when they went to replace it, they just gave me a three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

So it was a I as far as I know, it's a dent new three. Right. Okay. And and I didn't I didn't need it because I already upgraded it, but, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

what are gonna do? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

So any interest in the seven?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:23]

Yeah. I'd like to upgrade the watch at some point. I think I have to upgrade missus Colmire's watch first, though. Do you what series does she have? She has series two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I think, you know, there's a there's a big delta between the two and the three and then what what's going on in the seven. Right? Yep. Always on display, I still think is huge. It's a game changer for this device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

The ECG stuff, I maybe maybe this is not important to you, but I think that's that's pretty big.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

Honestly, like, the the cycling support in this could be kinda cool. You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

And and I'm interested to to try that out and see, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

how that how that all plays out. So this to me still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

though it's a modest update,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

it's just a cool device. I'm a big I'm a big watch fan increasingly every day. And they've held up well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Yeah. They really have. They really have. One

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

final thought. I've I've been thinking a lot about, like, form factor shape and just, you know, the feel of the device. I think we talked a little bit on text. They've not gotten rid of the digital crown. Right. And and I was thinking about the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

flat edges

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

that were so rumored. Right? And I I don't know that this device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

here's here's a bold prediction. I don't know if this device is ever gonna have a truly flat edge with no bevel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

on on the up and down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

vertices. And I think because Could be uncomfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:47]

Well, it could be uncomfortable. It could bang into stuff, like scratch things. But I I also think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

they've tried really hard to make this look like a watch. Right. Right? And if you look at some of the other wearables that are out there, they they don't look like they don't conjure up that notion of a traditional watch. Right? And so I I think that that's a that's an element here that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

might cause Apple to kinda keep it with those those kinda, like, rounded edges, if you will.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

I don't know. Just a thought. Yep. Alright. The main story for both you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

and Apple is the iPhone, the iPhone 13.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:24]

Yes. Does

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

it bother you that they kept the 13 number?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

It doesn't. No. I just saw rumors on me either. On the Internet that they were gonna skip it and go to 14.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

It's so funny that people think that they would, like, bump the number. I I like, it just doesn't seem consistent with Yeah. With, with Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

this was a much more modest upgrade than I thought we were gonna get. Yeah. Right? I think I was I was reflecting on what are the headlines of this one. New chip. No surprise there. IPhone's always gonna have a new chip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

I think the the maybe the the biggest headline is that they're dropping purple. Yes. You have a very impressive price. I was. I was. I just have to keep buying purple cases, Stan. I I love that purple color, man. I really did. Like, I this irritated me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

So Go blue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:13]

The blue is a nice looking blue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

I've got so I have blue now, and the case covers up all the blue. So I don't I don't even know. Sarah and I were talking about this last night. Like, does does the color of your phone even matter when Apple's gonna put a case on it? And the thing too is, like, Apple's cases, the colors aren't really that great No. To be honest with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

So I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

Storage has bumped up across the board. Starting capacity is a 128 gig. I think this is this is a big deal. Apple's caught up. For a long time, Apple's base storage has just been too small.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

the the promotion comes to the pro. I think that's a big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

And and then battery life was a was a headline for this. Right? So some devices are getting an hour and half more. Some are getting two and a half hours more of battery life. This is because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

This was an interesting way to judge battery too

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

because, like, not everybody gets the same amount

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

based on usage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

So Yeah. I don't know what that actually means.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

My my guess is that for most people, this is, like, forty five minutes more than they're getting now. Sure. Right? Like, because Apple's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

Apple's notorious for just kinda, like, I think, fudging the line on what increases in battery actually mean in real life experience. Yeah. With one exception, I think they're the way they presented the m one, they've actually probably undersold the battery capabilities. But Yeah. Once you figured out that source tree shouldn't be making calls every ten minutes. Yep. So well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

the other thing is we got a camera boost,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

I think now every device is getting the sensor shift, which was only on the 12 Pro before. Yep. Aperture improved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

the amount of light the cameras can get improved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

You know, I I think just generally, we expect the cameras to get better. And I think for me, at least, personally, like, this is the reason why I will upgrade

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

is for the better camera. I mean, you know, I take pictures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

constantly to the annoyance of, like, everybody. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

Yeah. So if John's eating food, I'm probably taking a picture of him. Or talking. You never actually get a good picture. Just I think I've got plenty of good pictures. You just you just don't like the candid pictures. You wanna pose. I don't wanna pose. I just don't want my mouth open like I'm doing something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

The display is is what they're calling a super retina x d r,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

800 nits, which is insane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

but it will peak at 1,200 nits, which is whatever comes after insane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

like, it's just a lot of light coming through those those displays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

I like, what stood out to you because for the 13. We'll we'll talk about, I think, the headline here for the the pro in just a minute. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

any anything Javadosha?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

No. So it was basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:54]

like, this is basically the 12

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

s. 12 s. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

In a in a previous life, we would have called it the 12 s. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:05]

everything else I would expect. Better battery,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:08]

better battery, better camera, new chip. Like Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

one thing they showed was a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

MagSafe wallet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

which we've they've had for before. Right? They they came out with a 12. Yep. But this was cool because it supports Find My. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

And I might I might actually pull the trigger on a wallet because of the Find My piece. Like, I I think that's that's pretty cool. Yep. This is for all you states like Indiana that aren't gonna be getting, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

digital ID

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

support in your state early on. Yeah. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

it I'll be curious with the digital ID if they will take those at bars. If they take those at bars, then I think, you know, the the ID as we know it is dead. But it's for whatever reason, Iowa is ahead of the game here, and Indiana is in It's the last it's weird, the states that are early adopters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

They are. They're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

Yeah. That was another one. Right? Like, it's not it's not somebody I expected. I would have thought, like, California and Rhode Island New York probably. That have yeah. States that have historically, like, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

a leading curve on technology adoption. Like, Rhode Island's a really great example. Right? Because their contact tracing in for COVID has been just, like, world renowned in terms of quality. So I would have expected them to, like, jump on that bandwagon. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

I guess Yeah. Iowa has a data center, so there's that. There you go. There you go. Yeah. So that was kinda cool. Then we transitioned to 13 Pro. I I think the lines between the 13 and the 13 Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

continue to get blurred. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

the headline that they spent a lot of time on was the ProRes video Yep. Which this is this is, like, a legit pro feature. There's another camera lens as there's been in the past.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

I I've said in the past, I think we got up to six x,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

zoom on this one, which is cool. Right? But I I I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

don't know how much that additional lens is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

valuable to people. Like, I I there's I've got a lot of questions around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:05]

Yeah. I mean around that in general. Again, that's a pro feature because, I mean, what are you taking pictures of? You're taking pictures of food, your kids, me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

and it's all The eerie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:15]

It's Make it sound what you would use like a like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

a 50 millimeter prime lens for. Like Yep. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Right? And and I think the wide angle one has actually been more useful than I ever would have expected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

Right? It's it's a it's just a really cool lens. I use that more than I use my zoom. Yeah. And my kids don't play sports, so maybe that has something to do with it. You know? Maybe. Like, my, I I could see it being valuable there. Alright. If your kids did play sports,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

put the phone down and just watch, man. Yeah. Well, I mean, you want at least one shot per game though. Right? You know? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

This ProDoors video though is is just higher quality video.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

I think the thing that surprised me this morning is I read that this is not actually available on every iPhone 13 Pro. You have to get the two fifty six gig storage No. Okay. In order to have it. Sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

But You know, if that's the case, then you make the base storage for the 13 Pro two fifty six.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

So I think I think that was a poor play by Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

We talked a little bit about naming earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

I I think the iPhone's the only thing that makes sense right now. Everything's the iPhone 13. You've got the mini, the 13, the Pro, and the Pro Max. Now the Pro Max is kind of a dumb name in my opinion. I think I think the 13 plus maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

would have been a better I I don't know. Like, something. Not two words. Right? Pro Max. But there's a clear progression across four models

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

Again, the lines are pretty blurry between the thirteen and thirteen Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

but they there's enough to, I think, like, set set it apart. Right? That additional camera lens probably being the the most clear when you're just looking at it, especially because of the storage, kerfuffle there. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:56]

the other thing that I wanna bring out is so they did like they brought in actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:02]

directors of photography and stuff like that for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

Hollywood movies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

and they showed it off. And there's cool

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

autofocus technology

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

where you can Cinematic modes. Yeah. There's cinematic mode, but it also captures all the data where you could then change the focus point

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:22]

after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

initial capture, which is kinda crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

It is. It's it's totally nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

So the the one thing that struck me about this, their demo video showed a lot of focus changes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

and I I actually didn't didn't like it. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

it was probably a cool show of the technology, but there was so much focus change happening

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

in the video that they had that I actually found it a little jarring to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

So I think I think this will probably be cool. I don't know that it actually makes sense. And and I if I recall right, the 13, not even the pro model, the 13 gets this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:56]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

Yeah. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

I don't know that most people are gonna use it, but it's cool. But we will when we start the life with Twist of Lemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

YouTube channel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

Yeah. Well, you gotta move to Indiana for that. We gotta do that in person. That would be weird for doing split screen. It does, man. We'll we'll set up a studio in my basement. It'll be beautiful. There you go. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:18]

Can we get a green screen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

Sure. Why not, John? John and Stan visit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:24]

Mount Olympus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

Mount Olympus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

bottom line,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

you are due for a phone upgrade. I am due for a phone upgrade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:35]

My question for you, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:37]

is it worth buying a 13, or should I just go with a 12 Pro?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

That's a great that's a that's a great question. That's a great question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

My my biggest frustration with the 12 Pro has been, do you know? Battery life. Battery life. Now, I did upgrade to the iOS 15 beta. I broke my own rules,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

but it was it's pretty late in the cycle and I The phone is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

not as bad as the computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:04]

Right. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

And battery life improved significantly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

It's still not where it was when this device was released, and I I think, honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

the battery life is reason enough to go 13 at this stage of the game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

Right? So if if this were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

if this were mid cycle and you were asking, like, go 13 or wait for the 14 pro or go 13 pro or wait for the 14, I would probably tell you to just just get the 13,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

13 pro, rather. I I think right now, it's the only thing that makes sense, truthfully, is just to get the get the 13.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

You don't want me to hold on to the eight for another year? No. They're saying on the 13 that it's two and a half hours more battery life, which is weird because the 13 Pro is only an hour and a half more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

I don't I don't understand why. I think you flip flopped those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

Think the Pro is more.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

The Pro Max gets two and a half hours. The Pro gets one and a half. Oh, okay. The 13 gets two and a half, and the Mini gets one and a half more. I think I think the reason is the 13 Pro has a ProMotion display, which as you know, I've been in ProMotion on the iPad, so I've been destroyed. I've been Yep. Right? I'm I'm looking forward to this. This is this is probably, next to battery life, the reason why I will go pro. Now I'm debating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

pro or pro max right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:24]

Why would you go pro max?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

Because my eyes are getting bad, and I'm getting old and I use my phone a lot. There's accessibility features for that, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

Yeah. I know. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

But but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

from my standpoint, I think the 13 makes more sense, especially if that two and a half hours more battery is even in the ballpark of accurate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

then it's definitely worth it. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

So will you place an order on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

Friday when they become available at, like, 7AM or whatever it is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

That remains to be seen. Tune in next week to find out. Tune in to next week? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

I gotta ask. Have you looked at colors?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

I have not. I mean, besides

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:08]

looking at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:10]

when they announced them, but blue is the one that looks the best to me. Yeah. They did this this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

blue, I think they call it Sierra Blue, is pretty sharp. I always I always like the product red.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

I think the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:23]

Do you see me carrying around a red iPhone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

No. I I could totally see myself carrying a red iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

the the other thing is the the midnight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

which I guess is the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

pseudo black is Yeah. Also looks pretty good. I think this pink is garbage, and I miss the purple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

Poor son. Maybe next year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

I'm really I'm really so annoyed that they dropped that color. I actually got to see so my sister-in-law has a has the purple one. She was here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

last weekend, and it is an absolutely gorgeous phone. It it really is beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:57]

So I don't know. I don't know what Apple's thinking. I kinda like that starlight color too. I feel like that color was named well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. Yeah. I'd be curious if we get that. I'm I'm sorry. It's just blue on the on the standard. The pro is Sierra blue, which is a lighter blue than the blue that they released last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

They have silver, which is similar to the starlight. I I continue to not find the gold attractive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:23]

Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

I I find the graphite just kinda washed out, so I I don't know what I'm gonna do here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:30]

Again, you don't really see much of the device when you've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:33]

a case on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

I I'm gonna probably get a leather case this go around. I'm a big fan of the Apple cases, but I just am not I've not been satisfied with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

the wear and tear on the the rubber case. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

alright. I as far as my upgrade path, missus Lemon and I have been debating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

and I think it is probably likely I I think I told you before, if they go promotion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

that would be enough to push me over the edge, and I think that still holds true. So promotion plus battery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

that's where it's at for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

So Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

I guess, we tune in next week to find out who got what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:12]

if they got anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

Sounds good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

Alright, John. Any closing remarks on the Apple event?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:20]

I guess, overall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:23]

like, there's no

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:26]

nothing surprising here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:28]

No. Just lots of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

tweaks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:31]

that are fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

But Yeah. And no earth shattering changes. I think Apple's got this, like, kind of TikTok cycle. Right? If if you're familiar with the TikTok cycle on on Intel chips, which they don't do anymore. But but, basically, like, you have a faster

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

device with modest updates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

before a big change, a big set of changes. So I would expect that the 14 is a bigger bump on a whole bunch of fronts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

You know, if I I will say if your if your device is two years old or three years old, you should upgrade. This is this is worthy. This is not worth waiting. Right? This is a good this is good device. If you're like John and your device is, you know, 18 years old, right, definitely upgrade it. I wish I miss that four s.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:10]

It wasn't just the four. I think I just said the four. Yeah. Four four and five s. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

Four four and five s, I think, are probably some of the most meaningful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

iterations,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:21]

But I I digress. You know, know The four is the only iPhone I have ever had a problem with because the battery swelled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

Oh, you had one of those. I never had that problem. Neither did Sarah. So funny. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

we'll we'll tune in next week to find out what what got dropped

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

or what got bought, I guess, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

continue to keep an eye out on Apple Watch release dates.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

And by that point, actually, iOS 15 will be out. So we'll be able to talk about iOS 15

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

a bit. I really am looking forward to talking to you. Have you had OS?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:54]

I think so. Okay. I I would imagine. Because that's the one that I'm looking same time. I'm looking forward to that more than iOS update.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:02]

You want that app library, don't you? Yeah. I'm annoyed with how my iPad works compared to my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

So but I'm I'm looking forward to talking to you about focus because I've been playing around with focus a lot. I've got a lot of really strong feelings about this,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:16]

and I think it'll be interesting. So Here's the problem that I foresee is, like, I'm just gonna turn everything off for all time, and then you'll never be able to reach me. Probably. Probably. But we'll we'll discuss that too. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

I I think that's it for this week, John. We'll, we'll continue our real time episodes as things evolve now that the timeline has been restored next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:38]

Alright? Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

This is Stan Lemon, reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen, and go get that shot.

