---
title: Prep with Boneless Wings
episode: 86
date: '2020-03-05T12:53:13.000Z'
slug: prep-with-boneless-wings/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around personal preparedness for potential disasters
  such as power outages, focusing on food and water storage. The discussion
  touches on the importance of having a plan and being antifragile in the face
  of uncertainty. The hosts also share a personal anecdote about experiencing a
  power outage during their friendship.
keywords:
  - power outage
  - food storage
  - water conservation
  - antifragility
  - coronavirus preparedness
  - boneless wings
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, did you did you see this whole thing from Buffalo Wild Wings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

Only because you sent it to me, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

I I don't I don't know what to make of this. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

obviously, it's a gimmick, but I felt like maybe there was a little bit of truth to it. Do you think that Bone Thugs and Harmony would actually change their name to Boneless Thugs and Harmony?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

Depends on how much money was involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

I kinda I kinda wonder I realized as I was watching this that I don't know what the latest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

album

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

from Bone Thugs is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

And That's sad, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm like, I'm all in on the on the originals, you know? There is a Lost Archives volume one that has a release date of 2019.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

There is Bone For Life, which has a release date of 2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Okay. See,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

I gravitate to East 90 '9 Eternal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

Heart of War,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

Bone Thugs Resurrection, like, are the albums that I think of that I go to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

I should say Art of War volume one and two or World War one and two. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

yeah. Are you are you a Bone Thugs fan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

Usually, only when I'm around you, Stan. Okay. Alright. Well, that's I was I was doing some research for this segment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

and I might have to work it into my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

rotation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

It's good music, man. Like, I I don't know. I if you like West Coast rap and you've got,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

like, an itch for that harmonization,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

I it just it's it's good. I don't know. Definitely better than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

whatever they call

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

pop rap today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

Oh, it's I can't keep up with that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

So for for the listener who has no idea what we're talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

Which is mostly Buffalo Wild Wings, the restaurant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

employed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

the the rap group Bone Thugs and Harmony to make a little promo video in which they renamed themselves to the boneless Thugs in Harmony as part of a pitch to their their boneless wings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

which, by the way, just just saying, if you're going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

and like find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

chicken wings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

Buffalo Wild Wings is probably not the best place to go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

unless you want boneless wings. I think if you want boneless wings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

that that's maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

So you and missus Lemon used to be frequent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

Buffalo Wild Wings patrons, didn't you, back in Pittsburgh? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

wouldn't say frequent. I they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

You really liked them for a while, and then your service was really bad a couple times in a row, if I remember correctly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

Yeah. I mean, sir, I think service is consistently bad at Buffalo Wild Wings. So, you know, the the CMO who thought this was a great idea to do this boneless legs in harmony, maybe just focus on your experience and your your product and things will go better. Now I I I think here's the here's the deal. Right? Like, what I liked about it was you had a bunch of different beers on draft. That's still true. That's still good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

They usually have a couple of local beers as well as just a a nice variety of what I would call,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

national microbrews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

Right? So Same Adams. Same Adams Sierra Nevada,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

like those things. Right? And so so that's good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

the they have some decent sauces, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

their boneless wings are are good. What I like about Boneless wings. Yeah. You realize that boneless wings are really just sauce chicken nuggets. Right? Oh, yeah. No. I I totally get that. Totally get that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

Thanks, John. You just you just ruined my world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

I had no idea. I had no idea. Next thing you know, you're gonna tell me that chicken nuggets are made from chicken breast meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

the the thing is they always have like, on a Sunday, they have all of the NFL games going.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

it was a way, especially when I was deep into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

fantasy football,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

to see everything that was going on before NFL Red Zone was, like, something that I could get and subscribe to. So while we were in Pittsburgh, I was doing the fantasy football thing, and I I liked being able to not be in a rush,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

go get some food, get some decent beer, and watch all this football that I could not get on my television at home. Got it. This explains a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

Yeah. Now since then since then, every time I've gone to Buffalo Wild Wings, literally, every time I've gone to Buffalo Wild Wings, it has been to catch a Steelers game that I I somehow could not get at home, and I decided that I would be able to have a less expensive bill

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

by going to Buffalo Wild Wings than paying, you know, $55

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

for one month of YouTube TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

to watch this random game. That's fair. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

Interesting. There you go. Anna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

and I went to Buffalo Wild Wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

It's been since we were married. We've been to the one in Cedar Rapids,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:14]

but probably three or four years now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

I'm not a big sports fan. I don't particularly care for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

places where I can't hear the person across the table from me talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:27]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

like, I make better food at home. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

Yeah. All that's true. I think the the problem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

at least the last couple times that I've gotten actual bone in wings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

at Buffalo Wild Wings, is they were not crispy. Right? Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

they they have to be crispy. They have to come right off the bone. And if you can't do that, you have no business serving them. And I just think that Buffalo Wild Wings probably at one point in its history had good wings. It just isn't now, you know? They've got lots of sauces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

Yep. And And not even all those are good though. Right. You know? The dry rubs, I think, in general, not good. Yeah. Pro tip, if you do go get the boneless wings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

do not get the the dry seasoning. Just it doesn't work. That just sounds like a bad idea. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

You know, so it it is this, but this I I found this article about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

Bone Thugs and Harmony amusing. I don't here's here's the thing that dawned me though, like, this is an older rap group. Right? This this is It's like not. Late nineties. So who are they appealing to? It's gotta be my generation. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

Makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

I don't know, man. It's it's definitely a surprise. I think how long was this video?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

Like Two minutes. Three minutes? Yeah. So it's worth watching just for the pure amusement of it. If you don't care about boneless or excuse me. I just did it. If you don't care about Bone Thugs and Harmony,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

don't mess with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

I don't know. I think it was funny, and it will put you on to a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:54]

bone thug and thugs and harmony kick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:58]

Although, I don't think I can play any clips because I think they're all have the explicit tag here in, Spotify, and I wanna keep our clean rating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

Now, so that that begs the question. If you use a non explicit clip from a song that is explicit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

I don't know. Because I could definitely I could definitely give you a couple of jams. Depends on the AI or on the yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:21]

Artificial intelligence that's scanning your podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

it worth it? Is it worth the risk? Sounds like work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

So to this day, one of my most commonly used,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

ringtones for waking up, like my my alarm sound is First of the Month by Bone Thugs and Harmony, which is off that East nineteen ninety nine Eternal album,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

which is just it's just a great it's just a great song. I really I really love that song.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:49]

most listened to song on Spotify is the Crossroads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

Oh, of course. Of course.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

Pretty much 200%.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

Yeah. Thuggish Ruggish Bone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

Thuggish Ruggish Bone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:02]

With first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

of the month. Actually, first of the month has more plays. Why is it third on the list?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

Who knows, man? It could be something to do Spotify's with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:10]

code is janky. You should talk to them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

One of one of my favorite ones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

which is not usually near the top of people's lists is if I could teach the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

So if you were gonna use a a clip, John, that's probably the one that I would,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

that would appeal for. I think also Resurrection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

from the Bone Thugs Resurrection album is is a really good one. That's totally worth it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

They put out a lot of music in their Yeah, man. Yeah. They really do. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

pro music,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

anti buffalo wild wings, at least I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

When's the last time you made wings on your grill, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

It's been a couple months now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

Pretty much when it got cold and, you know, wings have to sit out there for almost an hour. So Yeah. Well, at least an hour, unless you're doing them wrong.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

Maybe buy bigger wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:08]

I think it's usually So about forty five minutes for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

what what temperature do you normally do them at?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:14]

300.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

Okay. Alright. That's about as hot as you should go. Yeah. I'd like to do mine in the smoker next. That's I don't know. Like, it's really hard to get my grill to stay at a consistent temperature below 300.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

So Right. That's a problem. Yep. No. It's tricky. I mean, the grill's not designed to to keep those low temperatures, but a meat smoker is. Yep. And and I will be doing this in the future. It's Nice. It's on my short list. So Are you are you gonna use a meat rub by Finker?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

I you know, I I don't know that he's got poultry targeted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:47]

rubs. I would love to. What's his deal? He's he's been in business for what? Three years? Time to expand Finger. You know, I was I was literally just there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

and he made three pork butts, three very large pork butts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

and he did not even use his own rub.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

Yeah. I it's the second time that he's smoked pork for me, and he didn't use his own rub. I don't know if he listens to the podcast, so he'll probably not hear me, like Probably not. Mess up. But he he has completed his next master's degree now, so hopefully that frees up some time for him. Here's hoping. Here's hoping. You know, he, he actually had a new smoker while I was out there. It was a all electric one that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

fed pellets and was, like, completely automated, so it was a total set and forget kind of situation. Interesting. Yeah. Now, it wasn't seems anti thinkers philosophy behind smoking, so he must have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

gone. In his in his defense, he's got another kid. So I think he's a little occupied,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

but I'd agree with you. I I mean, it's it's not the whole,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

like, spiritual thing he had going on around the the the pit smoker. Back when we got free meat rubs. That's Yeah. Really what I'm in it for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

all all the meat he smoked was fantastic. I ate way more of it than I ever should have. I was uncomfortable for most of the visit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

You know, it's exactly the kind of state of being that you want to be in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

For short periods of time. Yeah. For short periods of time. I will say, and I told him this, the the pellet smoker is not as smoky as the the pit smoker. Got it. And and so, you know, you're you're making a trade there. Right? But, like, I I definitely see the advantage of being able to just wake up and, like, put the whole thing together,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

set it up, and then not worry about it until 06:00 at night when you take it off to eat it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

Yeah. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

Cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

Now, of Finker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

so you, on the last episode, asked me to get a sound bite from him. Oh, yeah. Because he was coming into town.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:41]

Right. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

I talked to him about this. Yep. He was on board, and the goal was after we got back from his thesis defense

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

on what was that? That was Tuesday?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

He was gonna record a sound bite,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

for use on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

Here's here's the problem. On our drive up, suddenly his wife texts him, says, hey, I think I might be going into labor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

Now Oh. This is a little bit of a surprise because it was, you know, roughly three weeks early.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:07]

Yeah. But not unheard Not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

unheard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

of. But, subsequently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

the whole drive up, he was like fretting about this. Right? Like Sure. Totally get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Wind up we moved his flight to that evening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

So we never actually went back to the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

Missus Lemon met us at the airport with his stuff, which he promptly then flew out to Kansas City, had a two and a half hour drive back to Lincoln, Nebraska where the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

hospital was, and then the following morning actually, so he got in, I guess, 3AM ish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

Missus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

Finker was induced by five. Next thing you know, you got a baby sometime in the afternoon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

Alright. Normally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

I would be upset with you for not figuring out a way to make this happen, but, your excuse seems solid, and I'll let it slide this time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

we raced out there for a baptism, and it dawned on me as we got to Saint Louis that I probably should've brought the microphone with and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

captured the sound that out there. I'm okay with iPhone recordings. You aren't, but I am. How you talking? How you talking?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

Well, congratulations

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

to the Finker family

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:17]

and to you godfather,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

and what is us, your third godchild?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

Second godfather? It is. Yep. Yeah. I'm collecting them. Gonna make a little mafia.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:27]

Nice. The godfather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:31]

Alright. Alright. You have shoe update on here and I don't even wanna ask about it, so Well, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

asked after I got back from Disney how the shoes worked out and I gave you report and I told you that I hadn't worn them since Disney. So I've now Right. I've now worn them pretty consistently for a week and a half and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

I wore them on this trip and I felt like I I owed the brand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

a update. Right? Sure. Be because I wasn't real bullish on New Balance. I wasn't, knocking them either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

And, I think now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

these shoes, like, I've I've broken them in. They are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

they're they're mine. Right? And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

I really like them, John. You really like them? Really Is that a endorsement? Should I go out and buy some New Balance? I have New Balance, but not as customized as yours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

So I will say this. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

these the ones that I bought have the foam soles that they're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

like, real big on right now. Sure. And I I really think that made a huge difference. I think the support is there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

I'm I'm all around pleased.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

So, yeah, I would I would endorse them. I'm I'm actually looking at possibly buying a second pair of New Balance shoes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

also foam sole based.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

So we'll see how that goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

Got it. So you know that, like, with the old

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

spinny disc hard drives, they would do, like, reliability

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

testing or whatever and just write and delete things from it over and over again. I feel like that's kinda what you put through the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

put your shoes through on your Disney trip. Brand new shoes, and you're walking, what, 15 miles a day or something. More like more like 12, but, yeah, it it was up there. It was an unnatural amount of mileage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

So I'm glad that they're working out for you in your daily use. Have you done any walking or exercising in them or just walking around the house?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

I mean, like, you know, traveling, was there's a fair amount of walking, like hotel at the Finkers, just stuff for kids. Yeah. But not like Disney World walking. No. Not like Disney World walking. I definitely have not hit Disney World level walking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

But I've I've worn them to do errands and and other things like that and just getting normal day to day usage out and what I've realized is they just they do feel better all around. Today, I actually I was outside, the grass was wet, I came inside to come off,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

but I wanted shoes on, which is a whole other thing we could talk about, but whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

So I put on my old Nikes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

and I was actually, like, not comfortable. So that was that was really the moment which I thought, I need to write this down. I need to report back, let everybody know. So there you have it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

Thanks for doing your due diligence here, Stanley. Hey. What can I say? It's for the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

So you're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

ready you're ready to go with shoes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

but it looks like you've made a couple purchases here recently too,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

mostly for a zombie apocalypse,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:19]

but also possibly mutant strains of coronavirus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

Yeah, man. You gotta be ready. Like, are you keeping up with any of this? It's it's crazy out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

You don't wanna get me started because right now, I could go off on a rant on social media, or I could go off on a rant on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

the current super Tuesday elections results that are probably coming in now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

and just everybody going completely crazy around politics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

But I wanna hear your crazy first, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

as as you know, travel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

has limitations right now. There's a bunch of stuff going on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

around coronavirus and people are being precautious. And I got to thinking, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

what would happen if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

my supply chains got compromised?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

Right? Like, what what if what if I couldn't go to the Kroger and get food?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

Or what if there was something wrong with the water supply?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

And I'm not a prepper, John. I I really am Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

Yeah. Not yet. But this got me to think in the back in the old house, we used to stock up on canned goods and things just like have some redundancy, right, you know? But we we live in the city now and so basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

we go get groceries on Monday and that lasts till Thursday and then we go to the grocery store again. Right? And we just kinda live in that cycle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

yeah. I I might have gone a little overboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

I don't know if anything that I ordered will get here in time for anything that might happen. And it might come and it might already be compromised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

I guess that is a possibility too. But but actually, this is interesting because a lot of this prepper stuff is is back ordered. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

My situation, I think, is a little different than like, say, yours because I don't have to prep for just one person. That would actually be really selfish of me. I have to prep for five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

And a dog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

Oh, crap. I didn't even think about the dog.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

I don't know. That dex would, help you out very much if people started breaking into your house. Might like them to No. But I can't I can't let her starve, so I'm gonna have to figure that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

No. What what I realized though is like, okay. So an emergency kit. Do you do you even have a first aid kit at your house? I have a very basic first aid kit that I think my mother bought me when I moved into the apartment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

Like, does it got band aids or or does it have like actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

It it has Stuff. Like actual stuff. We also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

have band aids of multiple sizes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

So Okay. But there's like an actual wrap bandage and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

that spray stuff and I don't even know what else. Okay. So you're not totally doomed. Thank you, missus missus Colemire,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

mommy Colemire, grandma Colemire no, mommy Colemire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

for for getting John set up. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

we've got first aid stuff but not like an emergency kit, so I was like, alright. I've got I've got three kids and a wife. I should probably have like a legit emergency kit. So I ordered that. That's not too crazy. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

I'll be able to Surprised that missus Lemon didn't have something like this already.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

Well, I mean, she's got a lot of stuff, but I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

yes. You're you're gonna laugh when I tell you what all is in this. I mean, I'm gonna be able to set a splint, I'm gonna be able to do sutures.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

Have you like gone through and learned how to do all these things?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

No. But there's a book in the one I bought so it'll be fine. Yeah. Just find the right page and read through in the middle of it. It's it's actually a field trauma kit, is what it's called and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

there's a I mean, there's just a bunch of stuff in here. Let me let me see if I can even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

wound stop trauma dressing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

There's special stuff for administering CPR.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

Yeah. I don't know. I'm I'm excited about it. I'll send you a link, John. You'll you'll probably laugh at this. So then I get to thinking, alright, what happens if I don't have enough water? Right? And I I get to talking with some people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

at work and stuff, and all mentioned these different strategies they have. They they're storing water and whatnot but they they came from, like, places that get hurricanes and things of that sort. And I thought to myself, I'm over here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

in, you know, the Midwest where we have tornadoes and stuff and I'm not even thinking about water storage. So I I need to have, like There's no way of water. The right link, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

No, it is the right link. Yeah. You'll be fine, John. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

It's gonna get a little weird Continue. It gets more normal. So I was like, alright, what do I what do I do if I, you know, store water? Right? And so then I was like, okay, how much water do you store?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

basically, what I've read is, like, one gallon per person per day for whatever window of time you're looking to prep for. And then most people say, like, somewhere between a week, ten days, two weeks kinda thing. Right? Got it. Okay. So I got five people. So how what do you do what do you do? How do you would you store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

essentially, let's just say let's do let's just do ten

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

ten days, right? I'm a prep for ten days, five people. That's 50 gallons of water, not counting the dog that I apparently have to compensate for now too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

So I bought a a 55 gallon, you know, water barrel and I'm a put that in my basement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

Yeah. You know, why not? Like, you should have some too, John. Do you do you have do you have reserve water anywhere? No. I should buy one of those, life straws or whatever they are that filter out the water as you drink it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

It's funny you say that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

That's on my shortlist for the next thing. But the other thing I realized is that because I mean, I got the Cedar River, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

Yeah. Yeah. You just go stick a straw in there. That that sounds like a really nice thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

Oh, my word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

So then the next question is food. Right? And I and I that's kinda where we started. And I I got to looking at my pantry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

as you know, I like Kodiak cakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Yes. And, as you know, I also like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

Annie's mac and cheese for, you know, quick pinch macaroni and cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

And as I was looking at the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

the pantry, I realized that, basically, if something goes south,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

I will eat be eating just mac and cheese and Kodiak cakes for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

you know, about ten days and that's it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

So that that wasn't satisfactory. So I went and I found Jerky. I wanna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

no. Although that that's a good call. Maybe I should get some jerky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

Henry's been infatuated with Slim Jims lately. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:26]

Get him on sunflower

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

seeds next baseball season. Oh, good lord. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

No. The the other thing though that I did was I ordered some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

dry food buckets. Right? I'm sure you've seen these emergency food supplies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

This is this is probably a little more crazy than most people would go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

But basically, you've got freeze dried soups and things of that sort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

and, you can, you know, draw on them as you need.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

And and that's what I did. I ordered several buckets in order to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

you know, have enough for my family, and we'll just see how it goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:04]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:06]

So this all stems from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

coronavirus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

Well, I mean, it's something so again, like, we used to have better reserves in the past, and I I just as I was thinking about this, I'm like, I really am not prepared for anything. Like, I I've been living over here like a lily of the field, and I'm not thinking twice about it. And I You know, do I think that there's gonna be like a mass pandemic where I'm gonna need to have,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

you know, this food and and use it? Probably not. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

I I can afford to, you know, be a little prepared or something should happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

Everything in this, I I would eat anyhow. So I think, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

if, if it gets a little old, I'll just start tapping into it, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

So How crazy am I, John? Tell me. Come on, level with me. Me. Put you at about 30% crazy right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

Going downhill. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

But the question is, so you said you had a short list. What else is on the short list besides this, LifeStraw or whatever it's called? Well, yeah. So water filtration,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

I need to get I think I should have some flashlights

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

with the cranks. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

I think there there's some alternative thermal blankets that I could consider,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

you know. You definitely don't wanna be cold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

Right. Exactly. Exactly. And then then, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

some additional like toilet and filtration systems that that could be potentially advantageous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

And then, obviously, there's always the gold bullion and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

you know, lead shot for for other reasons. Right? Currency Right. Primarily. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

Where we where we at now, John? Up from 30%?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:42]

So my next question is,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

when do you expand your supplies

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

so that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

two coalmires can make it down to Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

I prepared with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

Well, John, for the low price of no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

That actually, you know, it's funny, like, I I I did wonder if we were prepared and nobody else was, what kind of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

craziness would that cause? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

So I think that your, friends who are members of the clergy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

are are probably safe. People like to take care of their pastors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

and they wouldn't be able to do anything anyway. So Yeah. But you know when this gets really crazy, what's gonna happen is everybody's gonna start eating each other. Right? Like, and that's that's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

it'll be like zombie apocalypse type stuff. So I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

I don't know that they'll be immune from that. I'd like to think they are, but that's just not the world we live in, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

Got it. Have you ever played Pandemic, the board game?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:43]

I haven't, although we have it. Somebody gave it to us. Maybe I don't remember. Father-in-law.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

It could be, but I think this one came from somebody else. Got it. My wife would remember. And did you ever see what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

was the name of that TV show? Revolution or something like that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

Did you ever watch Revolution? No. What was that? So this is like the grid goes down completely and then The US divides into like four different factions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

Like, Wrigley Field is all overgrown,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

and they take these aerial shots of it. That was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

apocalyptic TV show that ran two or three seasons. It was pretty good. I I can't say that I saw that. I did see the movie Contagion, I think, once, maybe. I have not seen it. I read I read a book about Ebola once too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

Alright. So there's no real

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

reason behind you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

going all proper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

besides Again, like, I think I think there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

a certain logic in having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

some things available to you. Right? Even, like, just think take a step back. Forget about dried food in a bucket. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

Emergency kit, probably good, especially with little kids running around and causing trouble. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

But in in water, like, again, all it takes is to have, you know, a tornado bruise through, maybe you need a day or two. Right? So I I looked at it from the terms from the standpoint of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

if if I need five gallons of water, what can I fit it in? And I was like, okay. Well, that's kind of expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

What if I took this out to, like, ten days? You know, per day, how much does the cost increase

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

in terms of the storage? And the reality was that, like, the 55 gallon barrel was in kind of a sweet spot cost wise as well as as range. And again, I'm I'm accounting for five people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

But but again, like, on the food front, I I think just, like, ask yourself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

if you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

finish the food that's in your fridge, what would you make for dinner tonight?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

It's a good question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

Yeah. So You've got the deep freezer. You could stock the deep freeze.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

Well, the deep and I and I thought about that too, because we used to actually keep a lot of food in the deep freeze. We we don't really do that as much anymore, but, you know, if if I lose power,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

right, that deep freeze is basically good for about a day, you know,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

if I don't know Frozen. Still be frozen. Yeah. But then food itself is good from what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

Five to ten days?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

That seems like a long time, John. Yeah. I guess with no power and no refrigeration whatsoever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Yeah. Yeah. So so that to me, that's not necessarily a long term, like, crisis situation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

know, again, thinking through it, okay, we should have some canned goods. Well, how many canned goods do I need,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

like, literally stored up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

and and how many different meals and combinations can I make in order to get to a point where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

I'd I'd feel comfortable losing power for two or three days? And I think you forget. Maybe you don't remember this, but when I lived in Pittsburgh this actually could be before we were we were good friends. We were in the townhome. We actually lost power for a whole week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

And Was that a snowstorm?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

No. It was just it was in the it was in spring. We had a a thunderstorm that took out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

the the station to the north and to the south of us, and they couldn't get any juice up into our subdivision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

And so at the time, I didn't even have a generator. I have a generator now, actually, because of this event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

And Nah. Now you gotta stock up on fuel too, Stan. Yeah. I got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

so I got a funny story about that too. Gosh. So anyhow, we we had one generator on the block, and we moved everybody's food to a single refrigerator, And the generator could only run for, like, two hours at a time before it needed to be refilled. And so we rotated through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

for a week. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

Twenty four hours filling this thing up, and it was not ideal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

But, you know, that that did teach me, like, this is totally plausible that I might lose power for an extended period of time. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

yeah, I think I think just some basic preparation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

is is good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

Again, I have five people in my family, so the amount of stuff I have to store up for a period of time is just larger than is comfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

And the one nice thing about these food bucket things is, like, they really don't take up a lot of space, you know? And you have a pretty much empty basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

It's getting less empty by the day. But, yeah. Yeah. And, you know, you get a couple soups and other stuff, and I I I just think it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

it's an inexpensive way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

add another layer of comfort to my existence.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

Becoming more and more antifragile.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

Yeah. There you go. I it's all about having contingencies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

Right? Like, I I just really think it comes down to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

something goes south,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

are you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

do you have a plan, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

And you can think I'm crazy. That's fine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

I thought you were crazy before I was staying. It's all good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

Wasn't wasn't really expecting to talk about Bone Plugs and Harmony and coronavirus for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

just to be clear, I really I don't I I'm gonna be shocked if coronavirus is something that, like, catastrophically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

alters our ability to get food and water. It's it's one of those things though that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

can remind you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

about other things you wanna do, and that's how I view this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

Stay off planes, Stanley. Not because of coronavirus, but because you pretty much die every time you're on a plane recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

My ears are just finally starting to get back to normal. So Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

Alright, John. I I think I can't even imagine what you're gonna title this episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:17]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Prep for the boneless wings. Prep for the bone prep with boneless wings. There you go. Alright. Alright. Alright, my friend. On that note, we should go and it's it's Tuesday. Super Tuesday. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

will come out on Thursday. Everybody will already know what's what's happened but, for now, I'm gonna be tuning to CNN. Enjoy that, Stan. I will not. Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

John. Have a good one, man. Later.

