---
title: Stan's Favorite Brands
episode: 80
date: 2020-01-23T12:51:56.000Z
slug: stans-favorite-brands/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation focuses on brand loyalty, minimalism, and personal
  preferences. Stan shares his experiences with choosing brands he likes and
  sticking to them, while John discusses the importance of finding things that
  work for him and being willing to try new things. They also touch on topics
  like Miller Park's name change and traveling with comfort foods.
keywords:
  - Brand Loyalty
  - Minimalism
  - Personal Preferences
  - Cinnamon Maple Flapjacks
  - Kodiak Cakes
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, this doesn't look like your office. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

It's a weird angle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

Like, I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

just single monitor today

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

and I am from a hotel room.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

Fancy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

I know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

And I'm by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

the Saint Louis Airport currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

in Saint Louis. This begs the question,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

and I I don't know the answer to this. What what is Saint Louis',

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

cuisine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

Imo's pizza?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

No. No. No. That's not a cuisine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

That's that's straight up unadulterated garbage. So Saint Louis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

I don't like the city at all. I'm sorry to all of our Saint Louis area listener people. I think we have at least one. But, like, you look around the architecture,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

looks like somebody just haphazardly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:18]

threw stuff up. It doesn't look great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

The food,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

I mean, they got Ted Drew's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

They have,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

like, Budweiser. Have you have you been to Ted Drew's on the strip? Not on the strip. No. Are they open this time of year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

Oh, that's a good question. I honestly don't even know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

I'll have to I'll have to look that up. I'm here all week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

I should look for I guess they do ribs. Right? They do that's that's the same Yeah. So there's like a Saint Louis barbecue. I can't tell you what the barbecue flavor is as opposed to, like, Kansas City or Tennessee or things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

But It looks to me like Ted Drew's is open,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

and so you can go and get a Fox Street.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

Do they have milkshakes on the menu? I've never had a milkshake from Ted Drew's. They do have milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

John,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

this is what you need to do, my friend. I've only ever ordered a Fox Street. Can you get Fox Street as a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

as a shake? Imagine the macadamia nuts would mess

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

Oh, wait. Hold on. Actually, they are both closed for the season. Never mind. I lied.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

I was just sad. So Google told me that they were open until 11AM. Oh. You know what they need? And then I They need a John Kollmeyer to help them keep their Google My Business up to date.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

Yeah. No kidding. Alright. Well, that's disappointing. That's disappointing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

So alright. So you're in Saint Louis. Have you had any interest in food? No. So I'm here for this training through the LCMS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

all of our food is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

included.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:53]

So they gave us I mean, breakfast we have here at the hotel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

then lunch and dinner are at the LCMS office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

And the food's been okay, but nothing spectacular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

Catered food is the worst, man. Don't don't I'm trying to fight it. Don't deny it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

It's been warm and it's had some flavor. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

When

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

do you head back? Friday. So we're here until Friday at noon. I will probably stop at my sister's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:23]

and brother in law's on the way back because I drive right past their house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

So I just I wanna point this out, and you can do whatever you please with this information.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

But I am about three hours and forty five minutes away

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

from Saint Louis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:42]

Say it. Road trip. I'm halfway there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

Halfway there. There's not really a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

middle place that we could meet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

So that's not entirely true. No? There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

yeah. There's some cornfields. Where's Metropolis?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:55]

Is Metropolis halfway?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:57]

I don't know. I've actually never been to Metropolis, so the coolest statue. There's a giant Superman there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

Wonder met Metropolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Illinois.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

Is along the Ohio River.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

I don't think this is gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

between us. No. Sounds too far south. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

Yep. Oh, well, John. I did have a good beer yesterday, but I don't remember what it was, and I didn't log it on untapped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

So Well, that's not helpful. No. Actually, you know, St. Louis has a a budding,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

microbrewery scene. Last time I was there, I, I tried some decent beers Yeah. And I was quite pleased. So Better than Budweiser?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

Everything is better than Budweiser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

Okay. Alright. Well, there we go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

Did you decide on a pair of shoes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

No. I have Do you still have all three pairs in your possession?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:22]

No. I just have one pair. Okay. So you'd But I have five. Eight decision. It's just not the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

Yeah. I Different sizes or No. No. I'm sorry. I said five. I have seven pairs coming. What am I saying? Different sizes, different shoes. What's the deal? So there there are two shoes in this pack of seven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

How does that stand?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

But you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:44]

can only fit seven things into a prime wardrobe box. So you got three of one pair and four of the other?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

I think it's actually two and five but I I have to double check. Maybe it is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

maybe it's three or four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

Again, I was going for what was available and I I'm very ended up with the widths of the shoe Sure. On this next box.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

So because I I think I I sent you a text message, right, asking you about your your pinky toe? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

Yeah. This has been my dilemma. Like, how much contact with the pinky toe is too much? And I I truthfully don't know the answer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

I think you need to find somebody who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

specializes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

in shoe fit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

and make an appointment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

Well, your dad suggested going up to the New Balance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

store up in Carmel. The the problem I have is that store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

roughly 30 miles away. Yeah. And if traffic is forgiving, it'll be a forty five minute drive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

And I I just I don't know, man. I don't wanna be in the car though. Already wasted more than forty five minutes trying to slide on a shoe stand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Well, that's true. But, like, how much time am I gonna spend in the New Balance store? Hopefully, not as long as you trying on different pairs of shoes, working out in them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

Maybe. But then if I buy the shoe and it's not the right shoe Yeah. Now instead of mailing it back to Amazon, I gotta drive all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

the way back to the New Balance store. Alright, Stan. You have your own

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

world problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

Also, just a follow-up from last week. I did reach out to Zappos Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

By text last night at about 11:30PM,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

and I had a very nice conversation with somebody who I've only got the initials of. Sure. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

they they were very gracious and willing to help me. They just didn't provide me with anything useful. Yeah. So Got it. I asked them about the pinky toe thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

and they said, you don't want this is this is their answer. Like, how much contact is too much for the pinky toe? And they said, if it forms calluses,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

it's too much contact. Well, yeah. I will I know that until I'm halfway through a Disney trip and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

Exactly. Exactly. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

I they were helpful. They sent me a sizing chart on the New Balance site Sure. Which is fine except it didn't tell me the widths, and that's what I really wanted to know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:08]

So I don't know. Your life is hard, Stan. I had a great customer support experience this week as well, but they were actually helpful. So this was at work. We had, like, a client who had fallen out of contract with us. They're we built a website a couple years ago, and the site never launched. It was just behind the coming soon page,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

but they kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:29]

reintegrated. They had stopped paying their hosting subscription with to Flywheel, which is our recommended WordPress host.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:37]

And so the client reaches out to us saying, hey. Is there any way we can bring the site back?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:42]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

by that point, like, our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

maintenance tool had been deactivated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

so we didn't have a good backup there anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

The flywheel instance no longer existed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:53]

So I am on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

chat with GoDaddy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

and that was an awful experience. Like, they didn't even realize that they had the tool I was talking about, which is GoDaddy Pro sites. So I'm to this GoDaddy support rep. Like, here's the link. I do this with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

a 100 different sites, and they couldn't help me. So I opened a ticket with Flywheel at the same time and said, hey. I know this is, like, a long shot, but is there like, when was this account deactivated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

and do you happen to have a backup anywhere,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

from when it was deactivated?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

And they did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

So they basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:35]

spun up the site again in a demo setting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

so he can go in and basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

re up his payment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:42]

method and sent me a download link to the backup file. So we have that on our own servers now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

and it was great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:50]

So I dug up the old flywheel beer cheers link

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

and you can basically donate money to get the support team beer, so I bought a beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

Nice. There you go. Good deal. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

I that's that's great to hear. I think you talked to an actual human being for the entire experience? So this was I opened a ticket, it was all email based. They do have a live chat feature,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

but they're so fast with email. It's usually the way I do it. But, yes, actual human Good deal. Based in Omaha this time, although they have support reps all around the world, so they can support things twenty four seven now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

Nice. I you know, there's something about getting a human as opposed to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

you know, like a I don't know what you should call it. A phone tree, digital assistant Yeah. Or a bot. Yeah. The bot's so much more satisfying. Now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:44]

Like And they're awful. Let me check. Say awful. Did you mean one of these options?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

No. No, I didn't. No, I didn't. I actually had that happen with Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

last week

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

because I was trying to change the payment method that was gonna get used for my prime wardrobe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

Sure. Stuff. And, yeah, that was a no go. So after going through the the loop and not having

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

my question resolved, like, eight times, they finally escalated me to a human being. But alright. Last last word on this. Zappos, props.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

Like, I you know, you didn't help me, but it was a nice experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

I will say the next time that I'm, like, lonely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

and nobody's around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

I'm just gonna text Zappos. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

See see what's going on out there. Yeah. Hopefully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

I'll have more to report on the shoes next week. We'll see. Alright. We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

wait with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:34]

holding our breath, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

One other bit of follow-up, I I talked about that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

ad blocker, Better. Oh, yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

they I guess, like, someone from Apple saw their whole thing. They transferred it around. Better is the best blocker to get. Highly recommended it. It's a good state now. You don't have to worry about, like, them changing names or refunds or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

So pick it up and try it. And thanks, Josh Chandler, again for that recommendation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

we were talking about Jeopardy last week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:07]

and I was talking about, like, the number of consecutive wins that Ken Jennings had, and I said something like 24,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

so 27 or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:16]

So the actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

wins was 74,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:20]

so I was way off when I said that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

But you don't care, but our diehard Jeopardy listeners will,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

do anybody reach out to you to correct you? No. I I heard it when I was going through editing it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

Okay. I I could have just fixed it then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

There you go. I still haven't watched Jeopardy. Maybe I should is it it's still on? Yeah. So I don't know how their season runs. I think it's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

they're probably in a break for the season, so it'll be reruns. But, like, 05:00 your time, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

NBC here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

I think it's NBC. 5PM?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

Yeah. Be lucky when I'm in a position where I could turn on. Also, NBC is the hardest channel to get over the air in my neck of the woods. Yeah. So there's that too. That's fair. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

You don't have a robo vacuum, do you? I do not because I'm cheap. I've looked at them a lot. I'm like, I don't wanna spend 400, $500 on a vacuum cleaner and not know how it's gonna work because that's kind of the low end on robo vacuums. So But it it definitely can be. I was just thinking to myself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

our normal stand up vacuum is a Dyson and Yeah. Those aren't cheap either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

No. I think that's still the most expensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

vacuum cleaner we have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

Yeah. Yeah. It definitely is. So there's that. But I have done so I I had a Roomba, like, ten years ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

it was terrible. It had these, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

devices I put out. They created, a virtual wall. They never worked correctly. Like, it just wasn't a great experience, and it always died on this big rug we had in the old home. So when I was out there, you had it, like, locked into some room that you never used, and I was just kept vacuuming that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

Yeah. That was we we reached a moment of frustration where I just gave up. I was like, we'll let it run-in there and I won't worry about it. But I you know, it did one of the, like, the crazy path things where it's just zigzagging all over the place and supposedly was covering everything, but I never really felt good about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

And I figured, I don't know, when we were in in Seymour still, I bought a Eufy, which was a brand owned by Anchor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

And just, like, the lowest one I could, it was a $110 or something like that. I just let it do its thing. And it was okay,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

but I also never felt like things were super clean. Was like, we still pulled out the main vac and Sure. Used it and and all that jazz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

So we we we got to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

and eventually died. And I I was kinda frustrated because it's like, you know, it didn't last me that long. Sure. But it's just it's just straight up, like, dead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

And so I decided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

we we tried a couple weeks without it, and I was like, okay. It does do something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

and I I need to have this back in my life. So I went and bought another one. Let it do its thing. But every day, without fail, the stupid thing got stuck under the couch, and it would drive me nuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:21]

Is this old couch, new couch, or both?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

Old couch. Old couch. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

I thought to myself, they've they've gotta be there's gotta be a better way. Right? And so I started looking into them, and Roomba's got this, like, I don't know, thousand dollar model that, like, sucks the dirt up into another container. You only have to empty out once a month. It's got an app. It's, like, it's all connected and whatnot. Meanwhile, Anchor, like, they're sourcing their Eufy things out of a totally different company from the model I have. They look different. It's like a whole Nah. Yeah. Whole different ball of wax. And I I, I thought, well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

I wonder if there's any competition out there. Sure enough, Shark is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

competing with Roomba, and they are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

besting them on price point in a big way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

And so the the Shark does linear travel. So it goes back and forth just like you would If you were actually backhoeing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

And it'll alternate. It'll crisscross on the next round,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

and it will generate a map of your house

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

showing you where it's been. And then eventually, it'll create a master map of the whole floor plan, and then you can draw lines on it to say, go clean just this room. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

I was skeptical, and it wasn't the easiest, like, onboarding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

by any stretch. True. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

it seems to be working pretty consistently. I'm gonna show you maybe I'll even take a picture of this, and we can put this on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

on on the the the page or something. But I don't know if you can see I see a white screen. Now I don't see any screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:52]

Ah, there we go. See Yeah. It's like That's a dust our plans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

Yeah. It's it's a map of my house. Like, it legitimately looks like my house. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

we've you know, I've I've been pretty pleased. It's again, it's not perfect, but it seems to be better. And and all I can say is if you are in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

the, like, mindset that you don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

want to go and break the bank, but you wanna try this out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

the the Shark Robo vacuum

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

I think, worth thus far, it's worth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

what it costs. So right now, on Amazon, it's $314.99.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

So it's not cheap by any stretch. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

it runs every day. I can schedule it at different days. I can select rooms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

Like, it's it's pretty cool. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

Yeah. Well, I hope it lasts you a long time, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

Oh, man. If it does, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I'll be just as frustrated as I am about the shoes. Have you looked into the robo lawnmowers?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

Yeah. They're still too expensive. Yeah. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

I I also I I really would love to know how they handle obstructions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

and whatnot. I just don't have a lot of confidence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

Sure. May maybe if I saw somebody with a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:06]

lawn vac, I would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

maybe buy into it. But yeah. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

One day, Stan. I One day. I really like watching the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

what is it? Husqvarna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

Robovac video.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

There's just something soothing about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

Oh, so you're talking about the automower $1.15 or whatever it is? Have you looked to see what those costs? Yes. I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

Out of my I'm looking at but Right now on amazon.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

it is $1,600.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:34]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

This is the same reason I don't own a riding lawn mower because their their price point jumps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

so fast. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

And again, it's just it's hard to feel good about them. And your lawn isn't huge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

No. But it's not it's not small either, John. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:52]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

robo vac working well for you. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

your wife sent a text,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

I guess, to both of us earlier this week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

and it's a picture of her looks like she's checking out at Kroger or something.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

what is this? So there is a bunch of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

flapjack.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

They look like yogurts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

but I'm assuming they aren't yogurt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

Kodiak Kodiak

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:25]

cake Flapjack. Flapjack cups. Unleashed cinnamon and maple flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

All you do is add water, you mix it up and you nuke for one minute pancake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:36]

Yeah. It'll come out. You eat it with a fork. Oh, it's so good, John. Man. It's so good. Now, this isn't like the only thing that you go all in on. There's a specific type of yogurt brand that you like to buy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

Ziggy's. Ziggy's. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

there's some candy bar that you really like that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

you always tell me I need to try, but I never have. Oh, the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

oh my gosh. I'm drawing a blank. I can see it. It's the the wrapper. It's like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

take five or something, but it's No. It's an it's a it's an organic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

peanut butter chocolate candy bar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

Ocho's. Ocho's. Ocho's. Yeah. So Right? I'm sorry. Tell me about your brand brand loyalty, Stan. I know you have been a Macintosh computer fanboy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:22]

for as long as I've known you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

Early adopter of the iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

I well, okay. So what you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

what you're noting is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

you didn't actually say this, but there were 27

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

of those There's a lot. Blackjack cups. Then there's a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:43]

of the same brand,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:45]

and it looks like it's just regular pancake mix, like, special.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

So if you wanna make them into dinosaurs or something, you can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Well, or if I'm making them for the family. So those Oh, so the so the cups are just for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

Yes, John. They're just for me. Alright. So they they make an easy breakfast. They're filling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

which is something that I always struggle with with breakfast, and they taste good. And I like that they're warm, especially this time of year. I like a warm breakfast. That's fair. The fact that they require exactly one minute

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

is, like, brilliant to me. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

I I tried one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

thought, wow, this is pretty good. So then I did what any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

normal human being does. I ordered a dozen of them on Amazon Subscribe and Save.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

The problem is there are more than twelve days in a month. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

I also did let each child try one. Oh. That only left nine for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

And so I told Sarah, like, when you're at the grocery store, just look and see if they're more or less expensive than Amazon Subscribe and Save. They were less expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

And so I told her, well, just, you know, buy two dozen or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

And then she sent me a picture after she cleaned it out, and there were three left. I said, oh, no. You gotta go for the last three. Just just clear them out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

I am particular to the maple and cinnamon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

version. I have tried almost every version at this point. What are some of the other versions?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

So there's like a blueberry and buttermilk. Oh, there's some yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

There's the buttermilk and maple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

There's a chocolate chip one. So there's there's a variety. And they're all fine, but the cinnamon maple one is just delish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

To the point that on the last box of just, you know, plain mix that I had, I threw in some cinnamon to, spike it up a little.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

But So these are these are just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

they they are pancakes. It's not like high protein pancakes that you see now or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

No. That's exactly what it is. It's a high protein, the all natural grains, not refined stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

And so that's part of carbohydrates,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

I I don't know. Let's let's let's look it up. Keep talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

I don't know. This just intrigues me. I'm I don't eat breakfast as much as I should, but I tend to be like, okay. Go

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:06]

fry an egg and eat a couple eggs for breakfast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

did not used to be a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

breakfast guy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

before I met missus Lemon. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

I now I'm, like, in the mode of doing breakfast, and I I just I don't know if that I'd be able to go without breakfast, to be quite honest with you. Okay. So 260 calories from those cups k. Eight grams of fat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

43 grams of carbs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

six grams of protein.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

However, if you make it with milk, I believe the protein goes up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

a little bit. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

So So that's like up for a little cup, like, six grams of protein, eight grams of fat. Like, that's what I want. A good breakfast. And you only Yeah. You're only eating one of these?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

Only one. Can you eat anything with it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:54]

Just coffee?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

Okay. Just coffee. Yeah. Alright. Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

I'll a late day the Ziggy's have been demoted to a late day snack. K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

So if you've if you've never tried Ziggy's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

Icelandic skier, highly recommend it. Icelandic skier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

Yeah. It's it's a different kind of yogurt, and it's don't I know, man. It it's thicker. It's got a really nice texture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

I dig it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:21]

Let's do, like, bullet questions. I'm gonna say a product and you name your brand.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

K?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

Oh, boy. You got it? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

We'll try.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

Paper towel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

Bounty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:36]

K. And there's a specific kind of Bounty too, isn't there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:40]

So this one, I'm not I'm not really, I I can see it. I can't tell you what the name of it is. But, yeah, like, it's the preferred half sheet. It's gotta be a certain kind of thickness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

It's it needs to hold up. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

Toilet paper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

Oh, Charmin. Yeah. So Yep. You have talked about this, and you, like, have very strong views about toilet paper that we have not talked about on the podcast yet. But I think I finally understand because the toilet paper here in the hotel room, not high quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

Yeah. So I'm I'm real big on Charmin Ultra Soft, just to be clear, and it's got the cushiony touch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

I just think it is a superior product by all stretches. Now the problem is once you become familiar with Charmin Ultra Soft Cushiony Touch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

everything else is a downgrade. And so I have this problem, and I believe that this was a life tip that we've had in queue that I've not actually brought up. So queue the music, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

Life tip with Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

When you go to work, bring your own toilet paper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

Yes. I said it. Take a roll of toilet paper and stuff it in your bag and take it with you to work. And your friends may look at you and think you're strange for carrying your laptop bag into the bathroom, but just tell them you don't trust them, and that's why you bring it with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

So truth be told, I take a rule of Charmin Ultra Soft with me whenever I travel, whether it's into the office here in Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

or if I'm traveling to like Atlanta or San Francisco,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

I just consistently bring my own toilet paper. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

Bottled water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

It's not a thing I do because I always use the reverse osmosis water from my fridge now. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

But I can highly recommend a Contigo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Cold bottle. Othvac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

seal, whatever, McCauley

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

water bottle keeps it legitimately cold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

I even make my ice cubes from the reverse osmosis water. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

What else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

Donut.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

gosh. We could do a whole podcast series on donuts. So if if I'm in the state of Indiana and I'm in Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

right, because this is a geographically sensitive question,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

I will go to Jack's Donuts. Excuse me. Not Jack's. Ah. Oh, way to mess it up. Going too fast. We already been going fast. Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

my gosh, John. I'm totally blinking on on the doughnut shop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

John, this is embarrassing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

Long's. Long's Bakery. Gosh. Where's where's Evelyn when you need her? Yeah. I know. Right? So Evelyn's my donut buddy. Gosh. She's gonna listen to this and be so upset. So Jack's Jack's Donuts is the closest donut shop to my house. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

There's a story about we bought this house because of Jack's Donuts and Evelyn, but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

Long's Bakery has a superior cake donut to anything else I've experienced in the city of Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

So highly recommend that. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

I do think if you ever make it to Long's, you should try just the plain cake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

and then experiment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

like, you know, bring it out from there. But just just the plain cake is a is a delicious standard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

by which you can judge a donut shop. Do you have any thoughts or opinions on, like, national brand donut shops,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

or do you just avoid them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

No. I don't avoid them. I mean, here's the thing. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

there's something oddly satisfying about Dunkin' Donuts every time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:09]

And and, you know So you got, like, I'm talking Dunkin', Krispy Kreme. I even throw Tim Hortons in there. I would not recommend Tim Hortons, but I would recommend Tim Hortons. I actually had a conversation with a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

coworker about Hortons the other day. He was from Canada. He was commenting about how awful their coffee is. True. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

no. I don't even care for Krispy Kreme, to be totally honest with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

Now now, when they're properly warmed up, they are delicious. Yep. But when was the last time you had a legitimately warm Krispy Kreme donut? Long time ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

Yeah. See, think once they entered the supermarket,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

they just lost

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

their their edge. Right? And so I remember in high school, they sold Krispy Kremes, and they were still warm in the box, and I brought them to school.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

And I I'm not gonna lie. I'd buy a box. I'd eat the box.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

No shame. True. You know? And then I go to class.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

That's what college is for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:05]

Ice cream brand. We didn't talk about that. So, like, buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

Easy easy's double churn. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

Yeah. In fact, it's funny you mentioned this because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

the we were eating something, and I I like to have, like, a, you know, a pie or a crumble a la mode because I think the the the nice vanilla cream just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

helps with the flavor and the delivery. It's just a really delightful thing. So missus Lemon pulled out one of those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

plastic tubs that you get at the supermarket, you know, with, like, the bottom of the barrel vanilla ice cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

And she offered to dish me out. So I was like, can't do it. Nope. Nope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

So we had a we had a guest last night for dinner, Aaron Fanker. Did he bring some meat herbs?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

He did not. Man. No. He did not. But It was nice of him to stop by, though. Oh, yeah. Only all your friends did that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Hope you're listening, George. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

but but we had this, like, multiberry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

crumble thing, and I told her, like, I I I just simply won't eat it without ice cream. And I won't eat it unless I have Eddy's double churn vanilla because it's legit delish.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

So did you get sent out to the grocery store?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

Nope. No. Missus Lemon remembered that when she went to the grocery store, picked up a a half gallon or whatever, and I did sample the night before Sure. To make sure that it safe Yep. And that it wasn't poisoned or anything like that. But yeah. It's good of you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

Good husband and father right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

So I gotta ask you now. What's the point in talking about my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

eccentricities

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

with brand loyalty? So I'm just trying to figure out how far this goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

But once you find something you like, you stick with it for the most part. Apparently, shoes didn't work out so well. I remember when you were like a Tiva guy and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

Well, Tiva still makes the best sandals. Sandals. Yeah. I think I think Tiva shoes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

leave a little bit to be desired. But if you need sandals, Tiva is the absolute way to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

Another another odd one as of late, John, pens. I'm a paper mate ink joy gel point five guy. Yeah. That is the only pen that I buy. Have you ever, experimented

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:10]

with fountain pens at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:12]

Nope. No? No interest there? Nope.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:15]

What about paper?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:17]

Do you have paper preferences? You're all out of most skilled I'd books,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

aren't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

No. I I still use most skilled notebooks when I take notes. Yeah. But, I'm trying to remember now. This is gonna it's gonna kill me. So there's a there's a particular I like heavier paper. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

So what is this? This is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

HP bright white

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

24 pound printer paper. Yeah. That's what I get. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

So I'll send you a link to this. It's So that that's not as, crazy as it could be. I know there's people No. Are importing paper from France or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

I was just nuts. I just I like a heavier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

bright white sheet to print on. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

I don't know. Any other brands that you feel strongly about right now, Stan? I could we could, like, jump into beer and bourbon and things of that nature. That beer we were gonna cover,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:10]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

Oh, yeah. By Miller over the other domestics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

I just prefer the taste. Yeah. Honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

There's so I didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

I didn't get into beer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

well, the first the first beer I had was a Scheiner Bach. So Yeah. Going from Scheiner Bach back down to, a Budweiser was just not interesting. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

I drank Guinness for a long time. Yeah. So again, domestics just weren't interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

I I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

the the way that this came around with the Miller thing was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

I don't if they still do this, But they had these, like, little keg boxes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

They were carbonated that you could put in the fridge. True. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

you know, like a little blow up there, a couple couple bombers in there or whatnot. And you could set it in your fridge and then get draft beer pretty much on demand for two or three days it was good for. Right? Right. And I would get one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

on a Friday night and then I had, you know, beer with pizza on Friday. Saturday was college football. Sunday was NFL football.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

And and that was that was what I what I could do. Right? Like and the, Miller made that. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

Sure. Stuck with me, I guess. Alright. Well, as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

someone who calls Milwaukee home,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

I appreciate that even if Miller Park will no longer be Miller Park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

Do you know what they're gonna name it yet? It's like American

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

I saw it today. It's like American Family or American Insurance

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

Stadium or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

It's it's baffling to me that Miller's not gonna keep the rights to that. It just seems odd to me. Yeah. Well, I think it was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:50]

ridiculous money thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

it is what it is, John. Yeah. Alright. Well, so here's here's the here's the point to this whole brand loyalty thing. I think when you find something that you like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

there's nothing wrong with sticking with it. So I do not I don't thrive on variety.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

I thrive on, like, finding something and committing to it. And so, you know, the Ziggy's. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

I know that I like that yogurt. I like it every time. So that's the yogurt I eat. That's my yogurt, period. Sure. I go to the office in Atlanta and they have a different yogurt. I don't eat yogurt. Sure. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:22]

The Is this a minimalism tip?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

It could be a minimalism tip. I think, like, when you find stuff that you'd like, you don't need to challenge the assertion that you like it. Right. And so you kinda minimize the decision making and also the angst and frustration with trying different stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

by just, you know, sticking to the plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

So we even, to a lesser extent, do this with our meal plan. We got probably, I don't know, 25, 30 meals,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

maybe tops that we like. True. And we just kinda rotate through them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

And occasionally, we'll go looking for a new recipe, but it's not like I I don't go looking for a new recipe every month. Right. Maybe I should.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:02]

It depends on what what hobby you wanna focus on because you enjoy cooking and things of that nature. So every when that itch,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:10]

hits, then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

Sure. You go up to continue to make. You know, bacon's the same way. Right? I've got, like, my three or four go to bread recipes. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

But I have been known to just try something totally random and new. Sure. The problem is I just I think I found the ones I like and I I don't really have the desire to just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

test the theory anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:32]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:32]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

Miller Park starting in 2021 will be known as American Family Field.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:39]

So the Milwaukee brewers will now be playing in American Family Field rather than Miller Park.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:45]

I don't know if that encourages underage drinking or not, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

I'm gonna miss the alliteration.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

So we'll just leave it at that. Alright. Hey, Johnny. Here's my promise to you. The next time that you are in Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

I will I guarantee you, I will have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

a cinnamon and maple flapjack cup from Kodiak Cakes for you to try. Alright. And I'm willing to bet you're gonna love it. Probably. I like pancakes. I don't eat them a lot. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

So I'm I'm actually not a pancake guy No. Believe it or not. I the pancake has to be right. It has to have the right kind of fluffiness. Sure. And most of the time, people don't cook them that way. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:26]

yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

Until next time, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

Hey, John. Safe travels back from Saint Louis. I hope

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:33]

I have a money idea before we log off so we can come up with a lemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:38]

survival kit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:39]

that has some of your favorite brand things that we send

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

that we can sell to listeners or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

There you go. I I don't know how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

I wonder how you know, I've never even bothered to look to see if these things expire or when they expire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:56]

I'm gonna have to look into that now, John. It's never been an issue before. Although, I guess, if you're gonna start buying 50 at a time, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

Well, as long as they don't expire in fifty days. Right? Sure. But but so here's here's the other thing. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

flapjacks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

I'm looking forward to traveling with these because I find breakfasts to be particularly frustrating when I travel. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

Alright. Alright, John. Until next. Until next time, my friend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

See you.
