---
title: Thankful for Milkshakes and Xbox Arrivals
episode: 110
date: '2020-11-25T15:09:56.000Z'
slug: thankful-for-milkshakes-and-xbox-arrivals/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around the speaker's experience with Apple's new
  features, specifically the people recognition feature in Photos, which was
  disappointing but showed promise. The speaker also shares their excitement
  about receiving a HomePod mini and its multi-user capabilities, including
  intercom functionality that allows seamless communication between family
  members.
keywords:
  - People Recognition in Photos
  - HomePod Mini
  - Intercom Functionality
  - Multi-User Devices
  - Apple Features
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Well, hello, John Kolmeyer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:26]

Hello, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

So we are recording the Tuesday before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:33]

Have you decided are you gonna release this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

tomorrow? Whether it's Wednesday or Friday, or what what are you gonna do? The goal is to release on Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Now I've set it on air, so I'll either have to edit it out or something if I don't release it tomorrow. I'm counting on you. I think in my heart of hearts, I want to believe that on Thanksgiving Day, everyone will gather around the table,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

your family, your extended family, your extended extended family, all in the same geographical place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

and you will listen to this podcast while you think about what you're thankful for. However, that's probably not gonna happen because this is 2020.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

What But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

I there is some normalcy in 2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Okay. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

could there possibly be normal about 2020?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

I have brought

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

a milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

tasting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

back to the podcast. Oh, now did you go out or did missus Colmire bring this to you? Missus Colmire brought this to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

Okay. And where was this milkshake from?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

This was from the tribe and two true

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Five Guys burgers and fries. Attaboy. Did you get dinner there too then?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

Of course. Okay. Alright. Well, let's let's start with the easy things. Did you get fries?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Yes. Did you get normal or Cajun?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Normal. I tried Cajun once and they are not good. Do not recommend. I have ordered Cajun three times and I've gotten them exactly zero times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

Yeah. It seems like the only time I try Cajun fries are when we're ordering for pickup or delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

And without fail,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

I do not get them. So I I don't know what they taste like. I've never had them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

Have you ever had, like, Tony's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:13]

Cajun seasoning?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

I don't I don't know Tony. Is he a good guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

Yeah. I mean, we use that for our New Orleans roast recipe. Okay. I wonder we should get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

Finker to make a Cajun fry seasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

That would be fun.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

There you go. Alright. I could see that. So if you you call it Tony seasoning, we could call it Finker seasoning. But I feel like Fanker's been busy, though, because he said that he had a video of smoked cheese already to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:40]

He's just gotta

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

I don't know if his Internet's down or what. I will we'll have to check it out. I'll we'll try and get an update on whether or not Fanker's Internet is down, and that explains why the barbecue rev does not have a video, a more current video. But but again, digress. What did you get a burger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Of course. Okay. Well, I I mean, they have other things than a burger, don't So I I have never ordered anything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

besides

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

the cheeseburger,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

which is the two patties version.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

Missus Colmire always opts for the little cheeseburger, which is the one patty version. Does she get a bun or does she get it wrapped in lettuce?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

She gets a bun Okay. Every time. See, she seems to me like the kind of person that would consider getting it wrapped in lettuce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

She would. Yeah. Okay. Well, you can let her know that missus Lemon does that. I I will completely confess that I sometimes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

mock her for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

I I don't I I don't have like a problem per se with a burger wrapped in lettuce. I just have a problem with a Five Guys burger wrapped in lettuce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

That's fair. So alright. What was on your burger, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

What was on my burger? I did mayo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

I did raw onion,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

raw green pepper,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

mustard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

and lettuce. Okay. Interesting. Now, don't you usually do the grilled onions?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

I do not. Oh, for some reason, I thought you were grilled onion guy. Okay. Nah. Too sweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

On the topic of burgers, did you see that a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

what is it? In N Out Burger opened up in Denver, Colorado, and they had, like it was, like, a fourteen hour wait to get hamburgers. Yeah. Yeah. So the only thing in this world that's longer than a COVID testing line apparently is a In N Out Burger opening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

You could see it. I I don't know. When Dunkin' Donuts opened here in Cedar Rapids, which has been within my time living here, like, it wasn't fourteen hours, but it was a absurdly long line for Dunkin' Donuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

There's there's no excuse for that. I mean, there there really is no justification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

for waiting for doughnuts to Dunkin' Donuts ever. Like, if I go in No. And I have to wait in line for more than two minutes, it's already too long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

But I so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

I I don't remember clearly if I've had an In N Out burger or not. I I would like, this is part of the problem. I know that I've been near one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

and I think I ordered one, but it didn't leave a lasting impression on me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

Really? Yeah. Don't So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:06]

like In N Out burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

I think I've only ever had it in Vegas. So that's where I think I had it too, but again, like, it's fuzzy. So maybe I didn't, but suffice to say Vegas and maybe Irvine. I don't But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

yeah, I enjoy it. I think their fries are probably better than Five Guys. I don't think that's saying much. I'm I'm really, like, underwhelmed by Five Guys fries in general. Same. So there's something about a link a limp, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

sweaty french fry that just doesn't do it for me, you know? Yep. But alright. So the main attraction Fun fact, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:41]

Five Guys are some of the only fries that I eat with ketchup because, generally, I am not a ketchup guy. So what is it about the Five Guys fry that drives you to ketchup?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

So the ketchup must mask the flavor or something? I don't know. I think I think it makes it more enjoyable. I I'm with you. I I eat I eat I don't I'm not always consistent with ketchup just in general with french fries. There's some french fries that I think taste better with it. There's some that don't. As an example, right, like, I go to Chick fil A,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

I gotta I gotta have the ketchup. Right? One, because it comes in the cute little packets, but I think there's something about it with the the waffle fries that just really, really does it. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

Interesting. For Five Guys, I think it's just making up for a a poorly designed and developed fry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

That's not cooked thoroughly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Yeah. It's not. I'd like, I don't know, man. I've never once Fry should have a crisp on the outside. They should have a crisp. And I don't mind if they're greasy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

but I don't want them to feel soggy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

I think that's that's one of the areas where Five Guys really messes up. Their their fries are soggy. I think this leads to another thing. Right? Like, when you have a thing of ice cream and you have a thing of french fries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

there's something about that combination that warrants a marriage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

But I could never, in my wildest dreams,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

fathom dunking a Five Guys french fry into a milkshake. No. It would tear. It would be awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

Just be alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

So so the main attraction, tell me about your milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:08]

So I went with my favorite milkshake of all time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

chocolate peanut butter banana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

So I have not done the banana. However, I can vouch to the wonderfulness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

of the peanut butter that they use, which is probably like loaded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

with sugar and all kinds of preservatives and stuff, but it's glorious. But if you're worried about that, you probably aren't drinking a milkshake. Yeah. You shouldn't be getting a milkshake. But what I'm saying is, like, their their peanut butter, I would think of it less as, peanut butter and more as in peanut butter syrup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:40]

So that sounds good. It's delicious. How was it? Was the consistency there? Did they mix it up properly? Yep. It was it was everything I hoped and dreamed for, Stan. Okay. There we go. So now to be fair, it is 2020, and I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

maybe had one other milkshake this year, but I don't know if we talked about it. So I think we've talked about one milkshake. Did you did you happen to get whipped cream?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

Yes. Okay. The whipped cream is delicious. It is. It is. I'm impressed. Did you did missus Kolmeyer place this order for you in person, or did she place online and then go pick it up? Placed online and picked it up. And they they did the whipped cream, really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

Yeah. That is another thing that I have only had successfully

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

done when I ordered in person.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

Did you get a cherry?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:23]

No cherry. Alright. That's I've never had a cherry at this Five Guys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

I've had a cherry at Five Guys exactly once. No matter how many times I check that little box, it never comes with a cherry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

So my I will say, and maybe it's just this location that we've used, but I will say that my experience ordering Five Guys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

online

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

has not been great. It's not been great at all. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

I think ours is kind of based on what specific team is working when we order it. If if there's anybody at the Five Guys in Indianapolis on Washington Street that happens by some miracle to listen to this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

please understand it's not personal. I just want you to get my order right. That's all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:04]

It's not really that much to ask.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:07]

And if you let me spin things around and we jump to the Xbox update, we can talk about customer service and being annoying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

there too. Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

John. Tell me about the Xbox. This is on the list to find out where in the world it's it's kinda like, do you remember when Matt Lauer used to travel the world in the the Today Show? And they'd be like, where in the world is Matt Lauer? And it was a playoff of where in the world is Carmen San Diego? I remember Carmen San Diego. Don't know anything about me a lot. Oh, man. Did you did you have the game on your computer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

Maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

I feel like everybody I just remember Rockapella singing during whatever show that was. Yep. Yep. Oh, it's a great show. Great show. Alright. So where in the world is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

It arrived on Monday. It shipped. I got a shipping notice on Thursday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

Okay. When you I gotta ask. When you got the shipping notification on Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

did you believe it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

Not at first. So it was it changed Amazon changed from order received to preparing for shipment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:23]

and then it stayed on preparing for shipment for, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

fourteen hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

Which had to been agonizing. I mean, that's just brutal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:32]

So I didn't believe it until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

it said that it had had departed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:37]

San Bernardino,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

California.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

And then That's such a strange place to be shipping it from. I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

Are you sure it's not Must be a lightly used

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

Zex Pant. Positive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

Brand new. Looked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

like all the original packaging was there. I my only thing is that must be, like, the major

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

Amazon hub close to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

Seattle or if they were shipping them in from What? Japan or I don't think they manufactured those in Seattle. I mean, I'm I'm sure they were put together overseas.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

I I don't know, man. It seems that seems odd. I'm pretty sure that mine didn't come from San Bernardino San Bernardino. So who knows what's up there? But Yeah. So this was all Amazon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

logistics all the way through, so it didn't pass over to FedEx or anything like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

But it was an Amazon tracking number.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:29]

Started in San Bernardino,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

made it over to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

some town in Kentucky,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

so it did pass south of me and then came back west. So Wow. I went to Kentucky and then up to you. That's really something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

I mean, the thing with the whole Cincinnati,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

Louisville,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

like, Tri City area is Amazon and FedEx and UPS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

all have major distribution points.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

So, I mean, I'm I'm fascinated by this whole thing. I I definitely understand why Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

I've there's probably no actual reason to this, but I I could see why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

Amazon would carry delivery all the way out to your door.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

the way that things have been going with UPS and USPS lately for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

I you know, you wanna get it all in one piece. Did that add any comfort to you that Amazon was was handling the delivery?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:25]

No. Not really. I mean, I don't have as much issue, but more and more anything that I would order from Amazon is being delivered by Amazon since they opened their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

location in Iowa City. I tell you what, I not to totally digress here, but lately, if it is shipped by UPS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

I don't know that I get all of it. We we had a couple situations where packaging has clearly been opened. Things have been sorted through. We got an order from the Gap, that was missing a shirt and had been clearly, like, opened and then resealed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

We got another one recently with underwear in it that was missing a pair of underwear. Like, one pair was missing. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

So Okay, though. I I'm just you know, you couple this together with my whole Amazon can't get anything to me on day one or on the proper day. Like, actually, there's another thing. I ordered a a gift the other day from Amazon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

and for eleven days, it was in limbo, shipped USPS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

And I was actually able to get Amazon to send me a new one, but now the original one's coming my way too. So I I don't even I don't even know what to make anymore. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

on Thursday when this actually shipped,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:30]

they had a guaranteed date of delivering by Tuesday, November 24, which is today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

and it came a day before that. Well, look at that. And it's only what, three weeks late?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

But Thanks to overselling, I guess. Okay. So you set up last night, and what did you do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

So the only game that I had was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

Halo the Master Chief Collection. So I played through the first chapter of that even without you, Stan. But we can go back. I I haven't even I haven't even taken the wrapper off of mine, to be completely honest with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

I'm I'm I'm waiting. I'll I'll get there eventually. I'm just stuck in Squadron's world. So what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

now this chapter one would be a pretty old,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

like, version of Halo. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

Yeah. So this is the first Halo that I played. It has been remastered for an anniversary edition, but it's pretty cool. Because if you hit a button on the controller, you can switch between the old graphics and the new graphics. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Why why would you wanna do that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

Nostalgia?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

Oh, okay. You wouldn't stand it. No. I don't think I would.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

Does does this game at all, like, push the system? Like, do you get a sense of the capabilities of the Xbox?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:42]

So unknown. I mean, it definitely looks beautiful,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

but this is a Xbox one game because as we discussed last week or two weeks ago,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

like, there just aren't a lot of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:55]

Xbox

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

series s or x exclusives out yet. Right. There there aren't exclusives, but what I am increasingly noticing is that there are updates for these games that take, like, full advantage of the the four k 120 hertz. And, you know, squadrons is an example. Right? Like, that that thing is absolutely intense on the four k television.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

So So it is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

smooth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:20]

and there definitely aren't as many loading screens as there were back when I used to play on console games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

So, yeah, so far, I'm happy. Did you run into the trouble where it was prompting you for your password every single step? No. That thanks to you warning me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

I changed that setting during setup. Okay. Setup was actually pretty pretty easy for me. There were some updates, but they didn't take long to install,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

and I just used the app to set everything up. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

I used the app to set everything up, and then it, like, got disconnected. I don't I really don't know. There was must have been a checkbox I'd I'd selected wrong or something in the flow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

But yeah. I I would say apart from, you know, my kerfuffle, it was largely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

smooth sailing. So that was yesterday. How how long did you actually spend playing the game?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

Not very.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

I probably put in maybe an hour total. Okay. That's not bad. That's not bad. I honestly envisioned you staying up all night. Like, I and I thought, like, maybe today you could call a hotter day at work. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:24]

So here's the deal, Stan. So yesterday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

I knew the Xbox was coming early.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:30]

So I put in a same day delivery order with GameStop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

for three games,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

Star Wars Squadrons,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

Skyrim,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

which is a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

couple years old game now, but it's one that I always wanted to play and, like, that I almost bought a console for at one point. I don't even know what Skyrim is about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:55]

It's a RPG.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

Okay. Adventure games, Stan. They're more violent than Mario. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

so I did that, and it's, like, 07:00, and I haven't gotten the DoorDash,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

like, shipping order. So I go in and check it out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

and it's still preparing my order.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

So I call corporate,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

and they're like, due to an increase of online buys,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

we'll send you tracking notification when your order is shipped or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

And then I tried to call the local store that it was supposed to be delivered from, and nobody answered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

So wait. That was you you placed this order yesterday?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

For same day delivery. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

But what time of day did you place the same day order?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

Like, 2PM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

Oh, there's no excuse for this, especially if they're using DoorDash to deliver all this stuff. Like, there's Right. There's no excuse for that at all. So did you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

you I'm assuming you got it today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

Nope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

Nope. So I go in and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

this morning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:01]

after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

the GameStop store had opened and there was still nothing there for, like, forty five minutes, I called

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

GameStop corporate line because that's the line they put in the email to call if you were having issues.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

And they said, like, well, it's been received.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

I don't know. So so I called them, and they weren't helpful. I ended up popping on chat with them, and this guy who I was chatting with was much more helpful. And he was trying to track things down, and he made a bunch of notes in my order

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

about what he did to try to track it down because he kept escalating it up. So that was nice of him, but still no resolution.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:42]

Then I called the store, and somebody actually answers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

And he's like, yeah. We don't have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

that here in our systems at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

they no longer had one of the games that I had ordered. Oh, no. Which one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

Skyrim. Oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

The way you almost bought a console for it. Great. Great. Great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

Then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

my online order had changed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

and one of them was, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

waiting for inventory or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

So at that point, they were gonna hold the rest of my order,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

so I just had them cancel the entire thing. Oh, no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

So, okay. I mean, there's so many so many things wrong with this. First of all, if you place a same day order and they can't fulfill it same day, you cancel it and refund it immediately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

Right? Like Yep. Sounds like they had larger computer problems though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

Yeah. Going all the way up into the corporate system. This is the second time that GameStop has foobered your your order too. But the first time it came really fast, which is why I checked it again. So So are are you in the future? Are you gonna order from GameStop again, or is it did this ruin it for you? I think this ruined it for me. Do you do you have a different GameStop nearby?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

Like because I'm I'm wondering There is one on the other side of town. Okay. Because one of the things I'm wondering is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:06]

is this a location

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

When specific

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:10]

everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

was messed up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:13]

I did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:14]

try to complete the order on GameStop again for same day delivery at, like, 2PM today. And I looked at both stores,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

and at that point, they no longer had squadrons in stock either. So Oh, no. Oh, no. So I gave up. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

I placed a pickup order from Best Buy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:35]

squadrons

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

and fallen order. They did not have Skyrim.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Alright. Did Best Buy come through for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:42]

Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

They took the order successfully initially, though, and then what? They cancel it? They took the order successfully,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

and I sent missus Kolmeyer as my trusty go out and fetch things first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:55]

Oh, man. She she got the email while I was taking the dog on a walk. So she went to go do the curbside pickup,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:04]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:06]

she waited there for, like, forty minutes before she called after she went through the check-in like, hey. I'm here. Come bring my order out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

apparently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:17]

they had Jedi fallen order,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:19]

but they did not have squadrons in stock like the website said they did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

She waited outside for forty minutes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

Oh my gosh. She's a saint. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

so did you get a game?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:34]

I did get a game. I got Jedi Fallen Order

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

and then I caved

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

and I just bought the digitalization of Squadrons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

which is currently down. Which is the one thing you told me not to do. You told me with both my Switch and my Xbox to always buy physical media.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

Oy vey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

So I you've got you literally have the worst luck of anybody I know buying video game stuff. I mean, this is I don't know. It's crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

Are you done buying games for you bought I mean, you bought a few games. Yeah. I've I've got plenty of gameplay now until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

you and Patrick Sjerdavant decide what we're gonna play multiplayer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

But you and I are gonna play through Halo campaigns at some point. I I suppose so. I guess. I mean, right now, I'm just I'm still working through squadrons, which I'm I'm enjoying, but I don't I don't play it every day, I don't play

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:24]

I only play one mission at most. So, you know Yeah. I saw that, and then, like, Patrick hadn't been online in the past nine days

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:32]

after I friended him, he said.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:34]

So, like, you people who got Xboxes on time aren't even making use of them. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

in my defense, I played today. I I played, some training for a while because the mission I had gotten dumped on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

yesterday when I played,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

involved an a wing. It was the first time I flew an a wing, and I was terrible at it. I mean, I was really, really bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

So I spent some time training with an a wing, and then after that, I went through, and I finally beat my mission. And I was done with that, and I played a little bit of Luigi's Mansion thereafter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:04]

So I actually gamed quite a bit today, because I also played Smash Brothers with the kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

Nice. You know, in the evening. But they've gotten incredibly good. They've unlocked a lot of characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

and I can't beat Evelyn. Evelyn continuously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

like, whoops everybody, and I I can't beat her. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

I believe that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

But alright. Well, you haven't played anything yet today, I take it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

I played a little more Halo, but that's it. Alright. So are you gonna do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:30]

Fallen Order or you're gonna do Squadrons next? I'm gonna do Squadrons next because that's what you're playing, Stan. And then we have a common

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

storyline that we can talk about. Okay. Awesome. Awesome. I I managed to get mister Taylor, my friend Joe Taylor, to get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

Squadrons. He downloaded that, and he's been playing it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

What does he play on? He has a PlayStation four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

Okay. Now, in in theory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

we can actually Squadrons is a multi console,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

like, online play game. Right. It just just costs a boatload of money, you know, but what what's money at this point? Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

The the game is is beautiful. I'm I'm really I'm really enjoying it. It's not it's not relaxing for me at all. It's it's it's way too intense to be relaxing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

Fallen Order is on my list of games I wanna get, and it's I've heard nothing but good things about Fallen Order. So I'm looking forward was a contender for game of the year last year, wasn't Yep. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

So alright. Well, we'll we'll stay up to date. I'm glad to know that the Xbox has finally made it to your house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

And are you still playing the Switch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

I played some Switch on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

I guess it was Sunday the last time I played the Switch, and then I've been messing with the Xbox here. Still Mario Odyssey?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

Yeah. Which is super fun. Highly recommend. Okay. Well, that's that's quite the endorsement coming from you. You you were funny. You what did you say? You texted me, you're like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

should I buy Squadrons?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

Right. And I And you said you don't know anything about my gaming preference. I I really don't. I really don't. But I told you I I said if you think you'd like playing it, then buy it, you know, which is like the least helpful answer. Which I tried via GameStop same day delivery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

Yeah. Here we are. A lesser man, John, would have taken that as a sign that the universe was trying to tell you that you would not enjoy playing that game. So Right. I'm I'm I'm hopeful that you will prevail and you will enjoy it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

I had some Star Wars game for the GameCube back in the day. I don't remember which one it was, so Was that normal? I remember flying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

around in a x wing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

Oh, really? Okay. I was gonna I was gonna speculate that might have been an old republic game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

No. I don't think so. Do you do you remember the old republic games that came out?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

Yeah. Yeah. Those are those are fantastic. Great storylines.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

I mean.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

So I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

knights of the old republic two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

for the original Xbox. There you go. Does that does that work in the new Xbox? That disc does work in the new Xbox.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

I tried to put in fable, and that did not. So I don't know, like, what the deal is with what works and what doesn't, but there's a list online somewhere. There you go. You have to do some googling. Knights of the Old Republic, I think that would be fun to revisit at Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

Yeah. Alright. Would you go light side or dark side, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

Probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

dark side. Probably dark Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

It's tricky. I've I've read all the Old Republic books,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

you know, the the Legends ones that are now gone that have connections to the game, and I'm very fond of those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

those story lines. So and those characters. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

Yep. Video games, you will see some of the best storytelling you've ever seen, Stan, if you fall deep enough into the rabbit hole. Well, and that's that's what I'm trying to do with Squadrons right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

and I've been really impressed. I mean, the whole game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

it's written well, it's scored well, it's just rendered well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

It's it's just been a ton of fun. I I really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

am enjoying it. And what what I'm curious about, there's just a at this point in the the mission, there's a little bit of overlap

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

with some of the Aftermath books. Not not like a ton. This is just a wee bit, which it takes place chronologically at the same point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

we'll keep playing and see how it goes. I'm sure I'll get at some point. If I finish it before you do. I would imagine that you will. That would be my bet, is that you will finish it before I do. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

Nice. Alright. So wanted to check-in with you real quick and see. Have you had any Big Sur issues?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

So right now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:33]

your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

FaceTime window

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

is, like, boxing in and flashing off. So I don't know if that's a bug or if it's my Internet connection, but it looks like a bug. Secondly, you know how they open,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

like, all these new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

application windows and tabs now be by default?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:53]

No. I haven't actually noticed that. Where they have, like, a tab bar? Like, finder would be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

the most prominent one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

My finder does not open with a tab bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

Really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

Anyways, I ran into this with Pixelmator.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

I was in Pixelmator

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

and then I was trying to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

export

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:17]

an image for web, which I do quite often,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

And I could not actually click on the controls in the top bar because this tab bar was in the way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:28]

So that was annoying. I did finally get around it by going into full screen mode, and then tab bar was far enough to the top

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

that the bottom part of the buttons and drop down menus on that toolbar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

I could actually click. That is very odd.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

It sounds like maybe more of a bug with Pixelmator than the OS, but I I could be wrong. I will say, as far as the the tab bar on Finder,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

if you open up Finder and you click on view in the menu bar and you scroll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

there is hide toolbar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

And so you can use that to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

not show the tool the tab bar until you have tabs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

Interesting. There you go. Maybe maybe that's something going on with, Pixelmator too. You can find a way to hide this. I did look for something like that in Pixelmator and couldn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

find anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

So is that that's the worst of it though for you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

I had Safari crash on me, which is abnormal,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:25]

and I was kinda surprised by it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

But otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

nothing that I've noticed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

So for me, no sooner did I publish my blog article

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

with, you know, my review of Big Sur in which I say, hey, this seems like a pretty low risk one. You should just go ahead and update it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

Do I run into an issue with system integrity protection?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

So I don't even know if you know what SIP is. Are you familiar with SIP? I am not. So SIP is a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

it's a set of safeguards around the operating system

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

that basically doesn't allow it to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

like, contaminated or or, like, messed with. Right? Sure. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

you you know, by default, Mac OS has system integrity protection enabled. If you're wondering, like, hey, does my Mac have system integrity protection?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

You can go up into the menu bar to the little app icon, click about this map, then do the system report on the overview. And if in the left hand side, you scroll down to software,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

you click on it, you'll get a little system software overview,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

and it will actually say system integrity protection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

It'll And probably say enabled next to it. Mine Yes. Did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

I did not realize it did not. I have suspicions as to why it didn't. I think probably a kernel extension I needed to install for a mouse that I no longer use way back in Catalina.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

I had it disabled. That's my guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

But purely speculative. Anyhow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

What was There's no reason you should need to do that for a mouse? No. There's not. There's absolutely not. Totally not. And Evulant, if you're out there and you're listening, I hope you update your software at some point, please, for the love of God.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

suffice to say though, my system integrity protection was off. But I didn't know that. The symptoms were I could not use Apple Pay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

Hand off between like iPad and Mac was not working at all. And my Apple Watch stopped unlocking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

my laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

And so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:17]

the the I turned that on today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

You've not had that on? Really? So I didn't have it on when I was working in a shared space,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

and then I just never turned it back on once since I've been working from home. Oh, man. I love that. I love everything about it. You you have to be relatively close to unlock it. It's not gonna do it from far away. Yeah. But what if somebody steals my watch and I don't notice?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

Don't you wear your watch? I do. But what if they're crafty like Catwoman?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

You you have a passcode on your watch. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

Good point, Stan. Okay. Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

Oy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

So Anyways, it's on. I turned it on today. So all all these things apparently stop working when system integrity protection is disabled in Big Sur, but none of the messages indicate what exactly is wrong. So believe it or not, I actually reached out to Apple support.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

And I did it Which you've had mixed reviews with. I've had very mixed reviews with. I've reached out to them, using messages. I don't know if you ever this is my preferred way to reach out to Apple technical support.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

Nice. But I I messaged them on messages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

and it was I'll be honest with you, it wasn't looking good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

They didn't actually solve my problem, but they put me in the right area to debug my issue. They told me they were gonna call me later when they weren't so busy. They I I wanted closing my issue out before they needed to call me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

But I was able to flip system integrity protection on with some,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

like, screwballness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

and then it that stuff started to work. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

I have not consistently had my tabs syncing on Safari.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

Do you do you use tab syncing on Safari?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

I do not. Alright. Well because, generally, I use my desktop tabs and my phone tabs for different things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

Well, I I use this feature

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

far more than I realized because it has been driving me absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

And even now, I'm looking at my tabs on my Mac Safari, and they're they're out of date. They have not synced up. So I don't know if this this particular service has just gotten slower with Big Sur,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

but mine was straight up just not working, like, multiple days behind. And I wound up logging out of iCloud

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

and re logging back in, which is a colossal cluster. When you do that on Mac OS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

so much stuff just does not work right for quite a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

Especially because I put all of my eggs in the iCloud basket.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

Log logging out is is basically like erasing my computer. And one of the things that really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

really irritated me in a in a very deep way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

was photos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

because my entire photo library Oh, no. All 33,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

photos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

became detached.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

Right? And the problem with that is not so much downloading because I I don't I'd like, I use the optimized storage feature. Right? So Right. So you only download what you need when you need it. Right. Which is great, except all of the faces

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

still have to be scanned and processed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

Weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:20]

Yep. You think they'd be able to store that in iCloud somewhere too? From what I gather,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

they are like, there's some data

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

that is stored in iCloud,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

but the machine itself still has to individually process.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

So this led me down a rabbit hole,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

and I I spent way too much time this weekend doing this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

My

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

photos were not identifying faces correctly. I had, like, four identified faces total, maybe five. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

And, they were wildly off. Part of the problem is that I have two lovely daughters who, when they were babies, looked exactly alike.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

But the other problem was, like, my my father-in-law and mother-in-law

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

were somehow identified as the same person. They don't look anything alike.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

Right. So I I think I screwed something up, but what I wound up doing is I I reset some people, identified some new people. I went through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

hundreds of photos of the girls,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

as well as Henry, and just, like, reidentified

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

who they were.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

Alright. I think I've gotten the model trained a little better,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:23]

but now all of my devices are constantly updating people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

I think because they're like syncing information back and forth and reprocessing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

This is really something, John. I this is a lousy experience for Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:37]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:39]

like, the whole photos thing, I don't think has ever been super smooth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

I I don't remember being this bad in aperture. I used aperture for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

Yeah. But I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

I I've been really disappointed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

So I I did manage to identify you, and I have found some gems. I just sent you one. I don't know if you can even place this. Seen that back yeah, man. That's at a symposia in Fort Wayne. In 02/2010,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

and you, my friend, have long hair all the way down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

Nah. Not the longest that you've ever seen me with it. Not the longest, but but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

pretty long. Yep. And so the the thing that I've, like, kinda concluded is when this when this works, when this people feature works, it's actually really cool,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

you know? And and I was able to train the models enough

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

with my daughters that they're actually now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

like like, after some identification, they were starting to guess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

correctly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

as they as they've grown up. And Henry actually did surprisingly well when I identified an early picture of him and a later picture of him. It filled in the years between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

pretty smoothly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

And so, like, it's cool. I I just I wish I wish that the experience around this didn't stink.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

And and it's not a bug with Big Sur. It's nothing new. It's just That's an iCloud Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

Thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

that was that. I did have a little bit of Apple Joy this week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

I ordered a HomePod mini and it arrived. Now, can't remember. Did you were you intrigued by this? Were you think about going on the I am intrigued by this. Right now, the killer is that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:15]

I pretty much don't have any HomeKit devices,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:18]

so I'd have to swap out my ecosystem. Okay. So I I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

I think the benefit of a HomePod mini is larger than just connected devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

This this is my take. So I I ordered two. I placed one upstairs outside the kids room and one in the kitchen. I'll actually have a post about this coming up. Probably I'll probably do it on Friday. Don't think I'm gonna do it tomorrow. You're trying to keep

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:42]

up with your New Year's resolution, aren't you? I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:45]

I've got I'm way behind, but I'm giving it a shot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

I I just I've had I've had some interest I feel like I've had some interesting thoughts on these things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

And I I thought, well, why not I think they're interesting, Stan. So the the reason I ordered two was because when they demoed the HomePod,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

they showed this feature called intercom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

And it is it is pretty dang cool. So it it is exactly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

what it's described as. You say, hey, Siri, intercom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

the kids room,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

you know, I love you. Good night. Just in case that actually did have have to go out to them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

the it they're able to communicate back, and I actually went through each of their iPads has Siri enabled,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

and they were able to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

pair their voices up to it as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

This is the thing that blows my mind about this device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

It is multiuser,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

and it is multiuser exceptionally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

well. So Mhmm. All five of us are connected. And if if I say, you know, hey, Dengus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

Right, I'm not gonna say it, so I don't want to trip it here, but send a message to John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

it will it will send that message from me. But if missus Lemon says, hey, Dingus, send a message to John, it will send it as her. And and likewise, if I say, hey, hey, Dingus, go play my podcasts, cause I I just recently switched the podcast app specifically for this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

it it will it will play those podcasts. Likewise, missus Lemon and, you know, Lucy listens to this podcast, so it always plays this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

But that contextual awareness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

is like blowing my mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

and it is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

it is pretty darn good in terms of the microphone at catching you say, hey, dingus. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

I like, I'm I'm I think they're competitive at this point, even with the little one with the likes of Alexa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

I am especially liking this because I can get access to my calendar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

my to dos. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

can you know, like, it it's it knows the stuff about me because I'm so embedded in this ecosystem. And that's without having any connected devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:45]

I will say the kids accidentally turned off the furnace one night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

That wasn't cool, but I think we addressed that through some user instruction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

Woke woke up and it was a little brisk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:01]

the the other thing Well, on the plus side, they're the ones who think that you're usually trying to freeze them out. So That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

true. That's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

The other thing is in terms of the actual quality of the speaker, I have been very surprised at how much volume and the quality of sound out of this thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:18]

Of the things that I was concerned about was would this play along nicely with my Sonos?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:22]

And it does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

It plays with my Sonos very well. In fact, I can actually play on the HomePod and both Sonos, and it seems to be in sync, which is an impressive feat, in and of itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

So this is one of the one of the occasions in which I can unequivocally recommend this product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

I did not try the main HomePod. I was turned off by the price tag. It's probably a fantastic speaker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

I I think the HomePod mini it's still an expensive smart speaker. There's there's no way around it. Right? $99 is not the $20,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:54]

Alexa or $30 Alexa, whatever it is. Right. But this is way better,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

sound quality than the Dot ever had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

And I think the ecosystem and security is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

way way better. Like, I'm I I can unequivocally recommend this to pretty much anybody. If you got an iPhone at home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

you should absolutely have one of these. If you've got an iPhone, an iPad, a Mac, whatever, if you're, like, embedded in this ecosystem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

there's no excuse for you not to have one of these. It's totally worth it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:22]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:23]

how many more are you gonna order in one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

That's a good question. I think they might actually be back ordered right now. And I I've been noodling on this because I think one I could see one in your office,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

and I could see one in your bathroom. In my bathroom. Well, I I think I think there'll be one in the master bedroom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:40]

I think that's inevitable. I don't know that I'll do one in the office mainly because I don't want

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

the kids to be able to intercom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:48]

into my office while I'm at work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:50]

So Is there, like, a do not disturb feature?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:53]

There could be, but I don't if I haven't found out if there is. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

so that that would be interesting to look into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

They can intercom like, if they if they intercom everyone, I will get it on my phone, which is also kinda cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

Can you intercom from your phone? I can intercom from my phone to a HomePod, but I cannot intercom from my phone to another phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

Okay. And what about if you aren't on the same network? Like, could you be at the store and intercom? It still works. Yeah. Nice. That's cool. It is. I'm telling you, man. I I had when we first moved in this house, I had looked at, like, the old school intercoms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

Like, running wires and Yeah. Yeah. When I thought surely by now, right, like, in the nineties, those are really popular. Surely by now, got them wires, and they don't. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

mean, not not like reliably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:39]

Has cell phones now. Yeah. I guess so. And I don't know, man. It's I I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

I think that's a a missed opportunity. But the kids have been using it to set their timers for brushing their teeth and things of that sort too. It's it's like See? That's why you need one in the bathroom. Well, it's in it's central to their bathroom so that they can use it without having to be in the bathroom. But I I do see one in the master bedroom very likely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:01]

Listen to your podcast while you're in the shower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:04]

Oh, that actually, John. Get like get like a daily rundown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

of, like, your itinerary for the day. What and it does that. It does that, and it, it can read you messages and emails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:17]

See you, man. You're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:19]

for for the for the ten minutes I'm in the shower in the morning, that could be totally worth it, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:23]

Alright. Just trying to make you more productive, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:26]

I wonder if I would need one in the bedroom at all if I got one in the bathroom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:31]

Probably not, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

I don't know. This okay. Alright. Well, this has been enlightening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:38]

But but again, I think I think right now, they're they're still back ordered. They're I I could be wrong. I'll have to double check, but I think they've been Black Friday deals. Pretty popular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:47]

I don't know that those I can't imagine Apple's gonna mark down a $99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

can't that. HomePod mini. Yeah. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:54]

speaking of Black Friday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

I was I was trying to think of, like, how to discuss Thanksgiving because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

I imagine that both of our plans are wildly in disarray

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

because it's 2020 and that's what 2020 does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:09]

But I was thinking to myself, like, what what are my favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:14]

side dishes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:16]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

and I was I was noodling this because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

as much as we think of Thanksgiving as turkey day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

I don't really think that turkey is the main event. At least in most houses, it's not. Right? If you're baking a turkey

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:30]

and you're doing the, like, the bag or whatever method,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:34]

I mean, quite frankly, your turkey's not gonna taste that good. You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

Can deep fry a turkey, you can smoke a turkey, and that improves the the quality of a turkey. But generally speaking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

you know, you get something like over 15 pounds as far as a turkey goes, and you got a lot of really tough meat that you gotta work through, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:55]

Which is which is why I believe that the turkey really serves as a vehicle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:01]

to to mop up, to soak up flavors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

from all of your favorite sides. And so I'm curious, John, I'm gonna put you on the spot. What are your top three

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:10]

favorite Thanksgiving Day sides? And if if you wanna if you wanna, like, noodle on that, maybe just tell me what what were the common,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

appearances at your family's house growing up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:23]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:24]

for the past six years, I would say the turkey has been the star of the show,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:30]

because we've deep fried it. And, like, the sides,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:34]

there's, like, staples,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:36]

but nothing that really stands out from my married life here. Now you your your main event, turkey, is deep fried. But you if I recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

doesn't, and this is your your wife's grandparents.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:49]

They also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:50]

bake a turkey just to have gravy. Right? That is true. Yes. Does anybody actually eat the gravy turkey?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:57]

Maybe, like, two days later if every all the other turkeys gone. Okay. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:02]

wanna be clear. I I think this is you know, one could argue it's a little wasteful. I think it's brilliant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:08]

because because I I believe that actually gravy is probably my favorite thing in all of life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:13]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:15]

So I would agree. So if I go back to growing up Thanksgivings,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:20]

gravy is definitely the star of the show. I remember having to stir the gravy until it thickened up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:26]

and things of that nature. Also,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:29]

a bread crumb stuffing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:31]

is one of the things that I dearly, dearly miss from Thanksgiving with my family. From scratch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:38]

So they bought the bread crumbs, but, yeah, otherwise, they threw in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:43]

everything else. Okay. Impressive. Alright. Alright. So we got gravy. We got stuffing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:47]

What else,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:48]

stands out to you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:50]

So, really, the other thing that really stands out is the homemade pie and pie crusts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:56]

Okay. Alright. Alright. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:58]

mashed potatoes is another favorite for sure, and then I literally put gravy over everything. So Alright. So so much to unpack here. On the pie front, what what kind of pies would your family have on Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:12]

Whatever anyone requested. So we usually had several pies that we ate for several days.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:18]

But pumpkin was a staple,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:21]

blueberry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:23]

My siblings always liked, like, a chocolate pudding pie

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:27]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:29]

apple pie occasionally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:30]

I think my dad and I are really the only ones who eat apple pie, but cherry pie occasionally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:36]

All all different kinds of pie. Okay. Alright. I respect that. I respect that. And you said mashed potatoes, which actually surprises me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:42]

I'm assuming from actual potatoes, not from a box?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:45]

Correct. Alright. And what was special? I mean, was it just a vehicle for gravy, or was there something else that was special about mashed potatoes growing up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:55]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:56]

Always made it with milk, so that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:59]

elevates

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:59]

it a little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:02]

If you're if you're making mashed potatoes at home and you're not using milk, you're doing it wrong. Milk and a big slab of butter. Butter. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:10]

you did you remove for gravy. Did you remove the peels?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:14]

Yeah. Generally, I remove the peels. Yeah. It's kind of a hipster thing to leave the peels in if you're gonna make mashed potatoes, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:20]

Yeah. I mean, you can do, like, mashed red potatoes or something like that, and then it's a little more acceptable. But I don't know. I don't I don't think I would use the word acceptable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:30]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:31]

interesting. I am also a stuffing fan. I'm curious. Do you put gravy on your stuffing too? Absolutely. Okay. Well, I listen, man. I have to ask because it's kind of a divisive thing. Right? Like You know, like, sometimes the cranberry sauce and the gravy mix, and I'm not mad about it. You know, if it's good gravy, there's there's nothing to be ashamed of there. There's absolutely nothing to be ashamed of there. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:53]

grew up on stovetop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:56]

Yeah. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:58]

I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that I don't love stovetop because I I do. I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:04]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:05]

a I I it could be the nostalgia thing because it's not necessarily I mean, it's not it's not great stuffing stuffing by any stretch. Right? And maybe it was the amount of butter that that my mom and my grandmother put into it that I loved it. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:17]

Butter and sage, man. That's all you need. Yeah. Seriously.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:19]

Seriously. So I will say this though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:22]

When missus Lemon and I got married, missus Lemon was kind of repulsed by Stovetop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:27]

and so Yeah. I I pushed her. She didn't really wanna make stuffing anyhow because stuffing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:32]

stuffing is very different well, just say stuffing is very different for her family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:36]

than it was for mine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:38]

Right. The her family would have like a soaking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:42]

wet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:43]

sage based one. It was just very very moist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:46]

Mhmm. Almost I don't wanna say soupy, just very moist. Kinda reminds me of bread pudding, actually. Sage bread pudding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:53]

And then they would do an oyster stuffing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:56]

with canned oysters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:58]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:59]

I I just I can't get into it. I I could not get into that. That was not my jam.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:04]

For me, stuffing is is definitely a vehicle for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:08]

gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:09]

I mean, really everything is. Gravy is is the absolute like, anything I can get it to touch, I will I will do. And and I'm not even it's not even beneath me when all is said and done to just take a spoonful of gravy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:21]

you know, right out of the right out of the gravy boat. I'm I'm not gonna I'm not gonna be ashamed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:26]

But missus Lemon made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:28]

stuffing from scratch a few years, and we actually found a really great sage

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:33]

stuffing recipe that we like. I could not get her to make it this year. It requires me making a loaf of bread and us making, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:39]

bread crumbs ourselves,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:41]

which requires

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:42]

some effort, it's not it's not impossible. Just wasn't feeling it. I'm just gonna chalk up not having stuffing to twenty twenty. Right? That's how I got twenty twenty. Didn't have But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:52]

that that actually is my favorite Thanksgiving Day side. That's my number one favorite Thanksgiving Day side side. Nice. So if missus Lemon listened to this podcast, she would know that, but she doesn't, so there we are. She does occasionally. Yeah. Very rarely. So the the other thing that I HomePod mini. HomePod mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:11]

So the other thing that I really like is green bean casserole with the french fried onion Yeah. Rings on top. Not not a fan. Okay. But I that was a staple at the Kohlmeyer family

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:23]

Thanksgivings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:24]

but I'm not a fan. So I do it a little differently. I shouldn't say I because I don't make it. I just put in the order.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:30]

Yeah. My my grandmother

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:32]

always made green bean casserole using

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:36]

cream of chicken soup instead of cream of mushroom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:38]

Sure. And and everybody I've ever met has always liked cream of mushroom. I don't actually like the taste of cream of mushroom soup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:45]

Me neither. Which I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:47]

I think grandma didn't like it either. Ergo, we always have green bean casserole with cream of chicken soup. And, you know, my my in laws have humored me because my my mother-in-law loves me, when we've had Thanksgiving Day dinner with them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:00]

But everybody's also commented that they didn't like it as much, you know, that year. So there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:06]

My my third favorite probably has to be candied yams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:10]

Really? Yeah. Oh, man. I there's something and and it's just like out of the can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:15]

in a in a Pyrex with like, you know, brown sugar and just roasted really long. When we lived in Pittsburgh, there was a family from church that kind of adopted us, and we would always

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:27]

have, Thanksgiving and Christmas day dinners at their house. It was it was just wonderful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:32]

And, missus Humphrey always made candied yams in this just glorious way. I had not I had not grown up with candied yams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:39]

So that was a new thing for me in Pittsburgh, I loved it. Those would be my top three. There's a close number four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:46]

with missus Lemon's homemade from scratch cranberry sauce, which is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:51]

That sounds delicious. To die for. Oh, it is so good. It's so good. Now, you mentioned pies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:57]

and I I think you know this. I'm a I'm a pie lover. I I do not discriminate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:03]

against pies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:04]

Yep. I I will basically sell my soul to the devil for a fruit pie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:09]

Apple pie is my least favorite of all the pies on the fruit side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:14]

Apple or peach. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:16]

it's you get into the berry world, and I'm all about it. You know, I will I will basically, like, sacrifice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:23]

limbs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:23]

and organs to get a slice of rhubarb pie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:27]

I also grew up with pumpkin pie, and I loved it. Missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:32]

does not care for pumpkin pie, has not made pumpkin pie before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:36]

I I think it's it's literally been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:38]

seven or eight years since I've had a slice of pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving Day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:42]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:43]

There was somebody brought a pumpkin pie, like, the Sunday after Thanksgiving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:48]

to Sunday school at church, and I I I couldn't resist. I just locked it up. However, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:54]

the rumor is this year, we are going to have pumpkin pie because Wow. Lucy requested it. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:01]

So I'm not having stuffing, but I am gonna have pumpkin pie, and that's worth something. There you go. Homemade whipped cream?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:07]

No. No. It's it's totally in the can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:10]

Got it. Totally in the can. That's actually that was a a point of conversation to do you get it in the can or do you get it in the tub? Do you get the cool whip? You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:20]

Yeah. Always homemade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:22]

I I Both both Anna's family and mine. I'm impressed. I this is something I've not made from scratch. I'm sure we could do it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:29]

Yeah. It's not difficult. Is it in your opinion, is it better than from the can?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:34]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:35]

Okay. Is it better when you're finishing the dish than the can? Because the can's a lot of fun when you're finishing it off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:42]

Probably. I mean, you still got, like, mixing utensils to to finish off. Yeah. But there's the there's the spraying, the aerosol in your mouth as you're watching.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:52]

You can buy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:53]

some of those, like, spray things. That's what Anna's grandparents have, and they put it in this thing and then it sprays out just like that, but tastes better. No kidding. Alright. Well Yeah. Do you does missus Kolmeier have a whipped cream recipe that she'd be willing to share?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:07]

I do not know. Okay. But I can look. Because I I I literally have no idea what's involved, but I would totally love to try that. I think that would be fun. Granted, I I have a can of whipped cream in the fridge, so that's what we're gonna do, but, you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:19]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:20]

So so our plan, as far as I know right now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:23]

we're gonna do a turkey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:25]

We are going it's a 15 pounder, so it's right on that cusp of, the beet starts to get tough. But, it's it's been in the freezer for two years. I don't hopefully hopefully, it's okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:35]

It's sealed. I'm sure it's fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:38]

But If it smells weird while you're cooking it, don't eat it. Well, I mean, that that should be true of all food. All foods. Yes. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:47]

I think we're gonna do the cranberry sauce. We've got corn that we we, took off the cob and blanched ourselves. We're gonna have that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:54]

the yams,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:56]

and I feel like there's something else I'm missing, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:00]

It's I'm I'm drawing a total blank here. Here we go. Turkey corn, cranberry sauce, pumpkin pie. I'm gonna make homemade bread, yams, and then the green bean gas roll. That's that's the plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:11]

So it'll be just us. What kind of bread will you be making? That is the million dollar question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:17]

So so maybe you can help me out here. My kids yeah. As you know, I've got I do the, the Walter Sands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:24]

sandwich loaf from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:26]

King Arthur regularly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:28]

but I substitute 30 grams of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:31]

spent beer grains into it, which just adds a depth to the to the flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:37]

That's option one, which is what I make that all the time, so it's not even anything special.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:41]

The other option

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:43]

is to just make a a French loaf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:46]

and, you know, that is just a good hearty white bread or like a like a hearth bread. That's one I make pretty regularly. And a hearth bread, you know, really comes down to just water, flour, salt, sugar, and yeast. I mean, it's the simplest of breads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:00]

But if you eat it the day you make it, oh, man, it's so good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:04]

So those are the kind of leading contenders that I'm looking at. I feel like spent beer green bread would be delicious with the Thanksgiving meal. It probably would. And and I will say with the Hearth bread, I can actually put spent beer greens in there too. There you go. That sounds very Thanksgiving like. Do you do you like a crusty bread?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:23]

So generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:26]

yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:26]

For Thanksgiving,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:27]

it's usually like dinner rolls that usually aren't overly crusty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:31]

Well and and I could make dinner rolls. I have not done that in quite a while, but that is another option.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:37]

And, you know, like, go full on yeast roll. That's kinda what I was used to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:41]

Right. So those are the things that I'm noodling on. The the thing with the Hearth bread, when I make it, I try to make it not, like, not too crusty because the kids don't like it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:52]

I love a good crusty bread. So Yeah. That's gonna make an excellent open faced turkey sandwich the day after Thanksgiving. Exactly. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:01]

And interestingly, we've been kinda plotting out our course for how to use turkey leftovers. So I've got I've got some ideas I wanna run by you. You've had our buffalo chicken dip before. Right? Yes. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:12]

Turkey turkey buffalo dip or buffalo turkey dip. That's I can't imagine it would be bad. Yeah. We're gonna actually do that on Thanksgiving Day for the Steelers 08:00 game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:22]

So Uh-huh. There you go. Sometimes I forget that there's football this year. Oh, man. There's football all day on on Thursday, and the Steelers play at 08:00. John, you should watch. It'll be a great game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:33]

The next day is Friday. We normally make pizza. One of the things that I like to make is a buffalo chicken pizza. Lucy really likes it. Well, we're gonna make a buffalo turkey pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:43]

There you go. And then it'll be turkey sandwiches, and then probably turkey noodle soup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:47]

Are you sure that 15 pounds of turkey is gonna be enough?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:50]

I listen, man. I never in my life have I reached a moment where I was like, oh, man. We went through that turkey so fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:58]

If that happens this year, then that'll be a that'll be a win. But I'm not Do you eat turkey at any other time of the year?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:07]

we have done turkey at Christmas day as well. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:11]

But other than that, not really. This this past year, I did smoke a turkey breast, not a full turkey, but I smoked a turkey breast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:18]

I mean, I I don't mind doing that. Honestly, it's kinda hard to find a full turkey when it's not Thanksgiving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:23]

Yep. Season. So and and actually, maybe that's a pro tip here. Maybe I should go out and and buy some turkeys after Thanksgiving Day

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:31]

and put them in the deep freeze. Yeah. Like, 90% off. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:35]

The problem is, man, they're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:37]

like, cooking one is such a commitment. You know? Right. It's like smoking a pork shoulder. You you it takes a long time and you got a lot of meat. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:46]

But I think a Deep fry it, Stan. I might like a pork shoulder better. I oh, man. I was definitely tempted. Definitely tempted. But I mean, you've you've got the beer stuff, so you just need, like, a turkey fryer to sit on top of your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:58]

propane

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:59]

stove thing. Well, and I I could use I could probably use the bucket. Nah. It's probably too small. It's probably not tall enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:05]

I don't know. That that's yeah. I should have, but it's it's Tuesday and that's not gonna happen for Thursday. So yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:12]

Alright, my friend. I wish you the best on Thanksgiving,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:15]

and, may all of your gaming dreams come true.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:19]

Alright. Hopefully, we'll play something, Stan. Long weekend. I'm looking forward to it, John. Alright. Cool. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

