---
title: Marvel-ing at Disney Announcements
episode: 113
date: '2020-12-17T13:20:10.000Z'
slug: marvel-ing-at-disney-announcements/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

So a couple years back, we raised money for a good cause and sent podcast stickers out. We met our goal that year, but we still have a bunch of stickers left. I mean, like a ton. We decided that we can't refresh our logo until we unload these, and we want your help. 2020 has been a year like no other. John and I are very fortunate this Christmas, but we know that many aren't. Many folks are struggling to put food on the table, and we wanna encourage you, our dear listener, to consider helping them out by making a donation to your local food pantry. If you don't know where that is, we suggest you check out feedingamerica.org.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

It's a network of food pantries across the country. Personally, this year, I'll be giving to Gleaners, the local branch of Feeding America here in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

And I will be giving to Olivet Neighborhood Mission here in Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Look. We we don't need to know how much you gave. But if you shoot us a tweet or an email or Instagram, what whatever, like, just let us know that you supported your local food pantry, and we'll send you one of our podcast stickers as a token of our appreciation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

This Christmas, help your community and those indeed. Thanks for listening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

This is a special episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

Are you ready for this? This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

is We have a guest. This is a first.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

Have a guest who is not in the same room as us. Right. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

for those that have never listened to this podcast before, first time listeners, I am Stan Lemmon. I'm John Yeah. There we Sidekick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

I believe that it was life with a twist of lemon, a John Colmire production.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Well, yeah. There you go. And and today, we are bringing to you mister Patrick Sturgeon. Why don't you say hi, Patty?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:03]

How's everyone doing, guys? Thank you for, for having me on my second time on Life With a Twist of Lemon. Yeah. I'm gonna be honest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

We didn't have a choice with our topic of today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:13]

Yeah. There there was no choice. Is nobody else who can take your place in this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

I I appreciate that. We we go way back Marvel wise, so this is good. So for those that didn't hear your first appearance, you came to Indianapolis with John. We watched Endgame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

not once,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

but twice in one night. And then we sat in my kitchen and recorded it was like an hour plus ish analysis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

of the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

Right? I don't remember how long it was. It was it was late. It was it was long. I think we would all be grateful if we had a redo on that because we were all pretty tired. Well, and you were even more tired because you slept for, like, four hours, and then we dropped you off at the airport. Exactly. Yep. So so you Bingo. You, Patty, are our Marvel expert in chief.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

The things that we don't know, we go to you for. You also, because you spend all the time on the Reddits,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

have all of the information as it unfolds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

what happened is we're recording this on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Friday the eleventh, which is not our usual recording time. This is coming out on Thursday. It's a bit a whole week. But what happened yesterday, what precipitated this is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

Disney had an investors call. Now before we jump into that though, I wanna just back up a little bit because this week has actually been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

a little intense with Marvel news aside from the investor call.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

I It's been crazy. Yeah. Totally wild. I think the first thing I saw that struck me was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

confirmation confirmation from Kevin Fague. I'm gonna say his name right. Faye? How do you say his name? Fieg? Fieg? Yeah. Fieg. I don't know. There's 18 different ways of saying it. He I've never actually heard him say his own last name. And in interviews, they just call him Kevin. You know? But Yeah. But so he confirmed this week that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

there will no longer be in humans, that mutants are coming to the MCU,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

which I think we all suspected, but it was nice to, like, you know, put a bow on that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:05]

Yeah, I mean, he's dropped some tidbits

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:07]

here and there after the Fox acquisition.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:10]

And I think everyone knew it would happen

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:13]

eventually,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:14]

but it's exciting to finally see it coming to fruition, especially with

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:19]

what we'll probably end up talking about last.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:23]

The biggest announcement from yesterday.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:26]

That's it's exciting times for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Are you talking about Hayden Christensen being in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

Only only for the sake of agreeing with you. Yes. 100%. I actually don't know what what what you think is the biggest news, but I I can speculate. We'll we'll get there. We'll get there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

the other thing that happened this week that I thought was really interesting, and quite frankly, I about lost my mind at one point yesterday morning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

as we were texting about this, is all the news around Spider Man, which quite frankly, I thought we were gonna lose. I thought we were gonna lose that from the MCU.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:00]

It looked pretty rocky. I it to me, it seems like Sony has a unique opportunity

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:06]

that they have an unlimited budget.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:09]

Thanks to Marvel and Disney.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:11]

They are going to throw as much IP that they have the film rights to in.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:17]

So they can create as big of a cash cow as they can.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:21]

Personally, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna be upset with that as long as it's good. Looks fantastic. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

and so in my opinion, the Spider Man Homecoming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

Spider Man Far From Home are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

fantastic movies. And and the second one here left us with a lot of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

suspense in terms of what's gonna happen with this character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

But then maybe the more interesting thing is the non Tom Holland Spider Man,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:05:48]

you know, into the Spider Verse. Andrew Garfield. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's a big casting. I mean, we've seen castings of Andrew Garfield so far. We saw casting of Jamie Foxx who previously played electro in

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:04]

an amazing Spider Man.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:07]

It's,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:06:08]

it's good times, man. It's exciting. So outside of the MCU,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Sony did the the Spider Verse with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

oh, what's the kid's name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

Miles Miles. Miles. Thank you. Gosh. Was on the tip of my tongue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

And it was an animated movie, and that went over really well, actually. It was a great movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

I I thought so too. Yeah. I I I was not expecting to enjoy it at all. I neither was I. And I don't think Sony expected it to go over nearly as well as it did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

You know, and so Sony's over there printing money, and I think for for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

there there are a couple of things that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

have happened at the at the tail end of the most recent phase of the MCU,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

combined with this Spider Verse, Multiverse,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

Sony animated thing that I think, like, kinda soften people up to the Multiverse concept.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

I mean, we we had some of that going on in Endgame. Right? They were, like, alluding to it. And then in that second Spider Man movie,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:04]

they they actually led you to believe that we were dealing with the the multiverse. And then they they were like, oh, no. It's just a joke. Yeah. They pulled a little bait and switch. I think, honestly, I think that was to kinda test to see what people's reaction was gonna be. There's no way that they wouldn't do it. At this point in the MCU,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:20]

it's only going to continue to grow. Yep. So they have to make some way to create some way,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

to allow that to actually happen. So so you mentioned Andrew Garfield who was Spider Man in The Amazing Spider Man, which I thought was a horrible movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

I think you actually liked it though, didn't you? I don't. There I like is a strong word.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:41]

I tolerated both of them. I I think they both have their merits.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:45]

I might have liked

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:47]

the two Amazing Spider Man's a bit more than I liked

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:50]

Spider Man three because Spider Man three is a travesty. Yeah. That that's fair. That's fair. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

I'm with Patrick on this one. The Tobey Maguire Spider Man one and two, I think, are easily in, like, my top set of comic book movies. I thought they were they were just fantastically done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

It was a really great introduction of that character too, at least to to the the big screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

I did not care for The Amazing Spider Man, and I I have a confession to make.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

I don't think I've actually You haven't even seen the second I've only

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:23]

seen it once or twice. There's no shame there. I I don't think anyone would probably say you're missing much. So is is the second one that Jamie Foxx is in. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

Correct. Yeah. He plays Electro on the second one. Now he apparently is casted to come back in the next Tom Holland Spider Man along with Andrew Garfield as part of like a multiverse deal. And there are rumors right now floating around that Tobey Maguire might also pop in on this.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:48]

Correct. What I think the the Tobey Maguire rumor supposedly,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:52]

he was seen on set for a costume fitting

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:55]

or something like that. But confirmed

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:58]

earlier in the week

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:00]

was that Alfred Molina,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:02]

who played

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:04]

Doctor Octopus in Spider Man two way back in 02/2002,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:07]

2003 is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:09]

returned is is cast

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:12]

in this next Spider Man movie. And we must assume that he's gonna be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:17]

Doctor Octopus.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:18]

I mean, why would you do that to us,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

Disney, if you're not gonna make him Doctor Octopus? Yeah, what would he possibly be? Yeah. I thought he made a great Doc Ock too. Like I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

loved him in that role.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

It's it was interesting. I was having a conversation actually last night with a friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

and when when I was talking about this, he goes, oh, you mean Tutzel?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

I was like, what? It's a reference to the Luther movie. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's that's his that's his other character. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

I was thinking about this. So what has Tobey Maguire done in the last, like, five years?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

Started a celebrity poker game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

Did did he? I'd see I don't know. You need to watch Molly's game if you haven't seen it. I have not seen it. It's great. I think it's on Netflix. You don't have Netflix name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

So I have I've got up the IMDb list here. Right? And there's just a handful of movies, all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

really minimal characters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

Spider Man three. And I guess he was a he was a narrator in The Boss Baby. Go figure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

But but like, he's kind That's that's random. It totally is. But he's kinda fallen off the face the planet, and for a while there, I mean, he was he was a big deal. You remember Sea Biscuit was in between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

Spider Man one and two? There were a bunch of things before that too. So if if he comes back onto the scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

as, you know, with this, I think that would be fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

I'm I here's the thing, though. The thing I'm the most excited about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

it doesn't have to do with Andrew Garfield, Tobey Maguire,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

or Jamie Foxx or Alfred Molina.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

It was the announcement that Charlie Cox is gonna be in this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

Lost I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:53]

am right there with you. The fact that there's even the hint that they're going to fold Daredevil

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:00]

much less the entire Netflix

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:02]

universe that they created potentially in.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:05]

That's big news. I mean, Charlie Cox's Daredevil is once in a lifetime role. Yeah, absolutely. Knocked

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:12]

it out of the park makes Ben Affleck look foolish, who is still the best Batman.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:17]

Hot take.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

Can't believe you referenced the Ben Affleck Daredevil movie. That one is so painful. It is so bad. I I don't think that exists anymore in this in this age of If you watch the director's Movies.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:11:30]

Yeah. If you watch the director's cut, you might drink a little bit less while watching. Oh, I don't know about that. I don't know about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

I that that's when I actually saw in theater. I think I was in college, and I it was it's it was the closest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

so, like, as a college student, right, if you pay for a movie, it doesn't matter how bad the movie is. You're gonna see the whole time. Right? Yeah. Because it's like the $6 I had at the time. I still do that, Stan. Yeah. Well, yeah, you still do that. Well, nobody's going to movies. Walked out of a movie in my entire life. Oh, I've I've never walked out of a movie. I've I've definitely done it. When it was when it was bad enough, I was like, alright. I'm I'm done with this. But that that's the first time I ever, like, seriously considered it because I I load that so much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

But yeah. So so all the Netflix stuff got canceled. I think in general, the Netflix shows are probably too gory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

and and language is probably also another issue to to like just copy or bring them directly into the MCU.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:24]

But Well, they're they're

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:26]

setting a precedent for themselves though too because they're already confirmed that they're gonna do Deadpool three.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:31]

And that Deadpool three will be rated r.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

Interesting. I don't know how I feel about that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

I I mean, when Disney bought it, they'd be foolish not to get Deadpool three with how much money it brings. It was a big box office hit. I I guess, are they is Deadpool three gonna be part of the MCU or is it gonna live on the periphery?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:52]

I would imagine what they would do is they would make it a, additional kind of side story.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:12:59]

But Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:00]

I mean, Ryan Reynolds in the MCU,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:03]

why is cracking alongside

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:05]

Spider Man prince money?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

Maybe. I see. I'm just not a big Ryan Reynolds fan. I Yeah. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

Has a gin that's not too bad. Is it aviation gin? Aviation.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:16]

Yeah. Aviation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

Alright. So so Charlie Cox still coming in. I wonder if we're gonna get some other of the Netflix Marvel characters. I in particular, I would like to see Luke Cage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

I I know, Rosario Dawson is, like, she's tied up right now. Right? She's busy, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

I don't wanna spoil it, but she apparently gets her own show too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

And and so I don't think we'll see her, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

there there was some good there was some good acting and some good writing that happened in those shows. Right? And I I think there is a if they can bring some of that into the MCU, the MCU would be better off for it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:52]

I think we'll see Charlie Cox, but I think John Bernthal as Frank Castle, the Punisher

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

is at this point almost a certain Oh, it has to be. That was such a oh, such a great character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

And, you know, we were kinda deprived of those two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

coming back together the way that that we know that they need to face off. Yep. So Neither series had its closure. So There's there's more to be told there for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

Alright. So this was all leading up to yesterday. That's the crazy thing. Like, everything we've just discussed was not part of the main event. The main event Yeah. Was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

the investors day for Disney, phone call. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

verge counted 52 things that were announced in terms of content

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

for this. And they were they they split it up into Marvel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

Star Wars, and then there's, like, the Pixar and Disney animation, and the Nat Nat Geo had a couple of of credits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

Those didn't make our list, Dan. They didn't because I don't care. Like, it's I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:14:52]

I just don't care. I did watch the I did watch the movie about the guy that climbed, free climbs gigantic mountains.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

Free solo. Yes. You you gotta understand It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

made me never wanna leave my house. It was fun. Yeah. That guy's a little little, off kilter for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

so there are a couple things that were referenced that we already knew about. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

Hawkeye, we got to see a little bit more of that. We knew that was coming though. Not a real surprise there. WandaVision is actually coming out. They moved it up. They were saying spring. It's gonna be January 15.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

John, you originally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:29]

weren't crazy about WandaVision. Have you changed your opinion based upon the trailers? So based on this most recent trailer release, I think it's gonna be really good. Like, some of the early trailers, it's like, okay. This could

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:39]

go really, really poorly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

But I think that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

most recent trailer makes it look really good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

So what what is your hypothesis of what we're seeing in the trailers? Because this was the speculate like, this is the thing everybody was speculating on, right, when the first couple dropped and some of these these teaser images were seen because a bunch of them are they're either through the lens of a television Yep. Or they look retro to some extent. Some old You know? Sitcom or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

My guess is Wanda's probably going crazy, and this is her crazy brain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

Yep. I I would I would think that's probably what it is. I it'll be interesting to see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

here's here's what I'm not sure about. Like, is vision real or just, like, something that she's concocted in her head?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:25]

I think it's, in in the comics at least, she is probably

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:31]

in a top five list

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:33]

of most powerful powerful heroes.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:37]

And I think it's probably not

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:40]

it's probably is within her power range.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:42]

If she wanted to create vision,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:45]

she probably could recreate him. So I think it'll be interesting to see if this is actually this world that she's created in her head,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:16:54]

how that plays out. We do know this leads directly into Doctor Strange where she is a main character,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:02]

which I think is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:03]

pretty telling for the story of I think it's pretty telling for the story of Doctor Strange too, and how that's going to proceed. Because if you take note, they made a lot of casting decisions and announcements yesterday.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:16]

They didn't announce a bad guy for Doctor Strange. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

Oh, interesting. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, one is made from the the Mind Stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

It's it's not necessarily outside the realm of possibility that she could

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

concoct at least half a vision, I guess, perhaps. Yep. You know? And and I it's I don't know that we actually know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

so all all the stones go back into place, right, at the end of Endgame. We know that. But at the at the point the movie ends, we I don't know that we know where all the stones actually are. Do we?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:53]

Well, I guess according

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:55]

canonically speaking,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:17:57]

Cap returns them to each their individual timeline. Sure. So they should be because if he doesn't return them specifically to where they belong at the exact moment

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:06]

they were taken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

then But but so then where where's the mind zone? Is it on the ground in Wakanda?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

Do you instead of saying, like I don't know. It it's it's it's weird because that's that's the one or it's a stone, right, where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

the the point

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

that it would be reinserted in history, first of all, is way back when vision's still dead. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

So I I I'm curious. I think I think there's a lot there to unpack,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

but, you know, they they gave they gave a plug to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

We'll we'll see more of that. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

I this is gonna be a random order. I'm just gonna throw things at at the two of you and we can we can discuss Ironheart.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:50]

I am super excited that okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:18:52]

Super very boring character. Oh, you think so? Very boring. Riri Williams is rather boring, but that's it's okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:01]

The fact that they're doing it excites me for one reason. It's barf.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:06]

AI. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

Alright. So when I saw Ironheart, I immediately thought of you because you were so mad. You were so mad that Barf was like a fart in the wind in civil war. Yeah. Right? And they never really, like like, dove into it. And we know that there's a there's a Tony Stark AI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

we got kind of a hint about this technology from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

from Spider Man two. And and I like, this could be the web that pulls it all together.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:35]

I I can only hope so much.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:19:38]

They will if he if Robert Downey junior is not in this app in this show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

they will break my heart. I don't think there's no way he comes back for this. Do you really think so?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

No. I I I don't. Printing money. Well, that that could be that could be. We should point out. This is actually this is a TV show. Right? This is not a movie. Yeah. And this I would imagine between six and ten episodes probably. Yep. And it will be on Disney plus. All the shows that we're gonna mention Mhmm. Hawkeye, WandaVision, all of them on Disney plus, which by the way, you know, just this isn't, like, 83,000,000 subscribers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

which is is what they have after a year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

which is half of what Netflix has right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

That's mind boggling. They're not even in every country

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

right now, you know.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:21]

And So the urge to watch Cinderella is real.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:25]

I'm telling I'm telling you, man, The fact that they have their entire animated library

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:30]

is a huge watched guy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:32]

All of For that price point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

All of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

The the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

I think over this next year and in the year following, so really the next two years, we're gonna see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

so many new shows that are exclusive to Disney plus come out that this thing is just gonna blow up. And and even with the price hike that I know is really bugging you, John, this thing is still stupid affordable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

I don't care for another two years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

Yeah. That's right. Because we got the three year. We got the three year. Alright. So Ironheart looks to be cool. This is playing off of the Iron Man theme.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

You know, it's it's it's all kinda connected to that character. I'm really interested to see if we get a little bit more rescue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

in this one, you know, Pepper Potts

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:18]

because

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:19]

Possibly.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:20]

The last thing I read said she she doesn't even, like, know what movies she was in for the MCU. She filmed her parts and she kinda moved on. So I can't see her committing to a multi

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:31]

episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

arc in a television series. That yeah. That could be. If we got if we got, like, a guest appearance or something because the the rescue character in the comics, right, does have some interaction with Ironheart. Yeah. I think it would help to ground it for sure. Like a like a first episode to kick it off, that'd be great.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:48]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:50]

One of the interesting things about Ironheart is before they announced that they announced armor wars. This is the next one on my list. Which

**SPEAKER_2** [00:21:58]

which I think is interesting because essentially

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:01]

the way they described it,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:03]

Stark's tech falls into the wrong hands,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:06]

is basically pirated away and some rogue company begins creating Iron Man suits.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:11]

That is a perfect introduction

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:14]

to lead into how this 14, 15, 16 year old girl,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:19]

genius. Yes. But how she is able to get her hands on

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:24]

the tech to create this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

this It'll be interesting to see if I I didn't see anything about timing of these if they will go concurrent or if armor wars will be actually before Ironheart or how that'll all sequence out. But what's interesting is Armor Wars is going to be starring the Rhodey character. I don't know if you caught this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

news, but they're actually gonna be casting Terrence Howard as Rhodey.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:48]

I'm just messing with you. Okay. I I if that would have been tragic,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:22:54]

Don Cheadle quit as war machine. Don Cheadle Don Cheadle's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

casted for this, which is awesome. I think his character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

honestly, like, kinda lacks development

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

over the course of the the first, what, four phases of the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

Yeah. And I think this is a really good opportunity actually to build him out a little bit. And and, you know, Don Chill is a fantastic actor. So I'm excited about this one. You know, Tony Stark's biggest fear. Right? And and how that all plays in. Should be should be really interesting TV show.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:29]

Yeah. I think the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:31]

I mean, it's a good point that you said where he hasn't really been built out. The character itself has completely relied on the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:39]

charisma of Don Cheadle to make it work.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:43]

Like you said, fantastic actor,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:45]

stage actor.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:47]

I think it'll be really interesting to see where he can take the character because we can only assume that this is him bowing out. You know what I mean? This will be one of the last war machine stories. So seeing that in a long form TV show, I think will actually do it a lot of favors. I'm gonna I'm gonna go crazy out of order here, but I I think what is interesting to me about Armor Armor Wars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

is it gives us an opportunity to explore these characters that are, like they're they're periphery. Right? But they're they're also they really help, like Rhodey really helps explain who Tony Stark is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

you know? His his character really lends into it. He is pretty critical. Mhmm. Similarly, we got this Falcon and Winter Soldier show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

and and how that, like, you know, plays into Captain America. We know Captain America is out. Right? He's Buzz Lightyear now. We'll get to that in a little bit. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

but that was another one that we we already knew about and they talked a little bit. I I did you watch the trailer on this one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

I did. Okay. And what was the verdict?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:47]

Oh, I was I was skeptical.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:50]

I obviously,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:51]

we're all excited because it's MCU.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:54]

But doing the transition storyline,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:57]

think is tricky.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:59]

Falcon as

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:01]

the Captain America replacement, I think is the right direction for them to go rather than when Marvel experimented with the Winter Soldier as Captain America.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:10]

And I think

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:12]

that is a long term decision for them.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:15]

I would expect to see him for at least the next ten years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

in that role. Have you ever seen an MCU trailer you didn't like?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

Hulk, the incredible Hulk. Does that even count? Does that even count?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

It's about two when we get to Sheet Hulk. Alright. Now, John, you weren't big on the Falcon and Winter Soldier trailer. No. I mean and I don't love the Captain America storyline, so I don't know how much of this is that. And, otherwise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

I don't know. Like, the the trailer didn't do a lot for me. You you know why you don't like Captain America? We we've been over this. You don't like that first Captain America because it's character development. It's too slow for you. It doesn't have that Jason Bourne momentum.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

Tony Stark.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

is my favorite. Thor is your favorite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

By far the, like, weakest amount of character death. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

Falcon and Winter Soldier, though, I'm like, I'm personally really looking forward to. I loved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

the Winter Soldier. I loved Falcon. I think that these are are great. I'm I'm with you, Patrick. I think this could open up another,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

like, primary character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

you know, really continue to carry that Captain America mantle because I like, that's Captain America is my guy. Right? Like, I love Cap. And and my favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

standalone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

or not standalone. My favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

non Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

you know, compendium movies are the Captain America ones. I just I love them. I absolutely love them. Yep.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:41]

I think they're the strongest movies individually too for the most part.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:46]

And I that's one of the criticisms of the MCU is that they are all interdependent.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:51]

But I really think, especially Winter Soldier is just a fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

movie. It is. It is. I you no arguing from from me there. Do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

you remember how the end of Spider Man two goes, like, at the at the, like, the the boot or whatever they call after the credits roll? Do you remember what was at the end of it?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:11]

No. I don't. No? What's that? Oh. Oh. Oh, yes. The scroll. Yes. I do. It's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:17]

all up here. It's in the noodle. Secret

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

invasion. Right. Right. Right. Great transition. So I wonder this is my hypothesis. At the end of Spider Man two, we see Talos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

appearing as Nick Fury. Right? Talos is the scroll from Captain,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

And, then later on, we see Nick Fury actually in a spaceship with a bunch of scrolls running around, presumably the spaceship from Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

And I wonder if that is the setup for Secret Invasion, which is the show that apparently features Nick Fury and Talos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

and and they like, it's the actors. Right? So it's Samuel Jackson and and was it Ben Mendelsohn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

are actually gonna do this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

Do you think am I am I am I crazy here? Do you think this is a carry off from Spider Man two?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:03]

I think it's a it's a good intro to to remind everyone that they can shape shift. I I think Talos is definitely still a good guy.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:12]

And I think he was giving Nick Fury a well deserved vacation,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:16]

on a imaginary beach in space. But the fact that they're brave enough to undertake

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:22]

this secret invasion

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:24]

storyline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

says a lot about how confident they are. So I don't know And where they're don't know anything about the secret invasion storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

Tell me about this. This is not something I'm familiar with. Basically,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:36]

a group of evil scrolls

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:39]

have been impersonating,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:41]

some of Earth's greatest heroes,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:44]

politicians,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:45]

for a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:47]

sensibly long period of time.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:50]

So with this, what's crazy about it is you could see Black Widow actually not be dead because she's been impersonated by a scroll.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:58]

Captain America,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:00]

might not have been Captain America. Tony Stark might not actually be dead.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:04]

This gives them essentially, I think, an eraser where they can fix things

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:09]

that they might have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:12]

might have boo booed in the past. I don't think there's very many of them. But if they if they do want to go back in and bring someone back to life that they need to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

for story purposes, or what have you, they could use the Secret Invasion to do If they're gonna do an eraser move, they really gotta go back to Dark World, just figure out a way to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

make that a bunch of scrolls that were shape shifting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

I'm curious, I don't, so again, I'm not too familiar with Secret Invasion, was that done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

in the comics, was that done post Disney acquisition of Marvel?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:43]

No. I wanna say it was like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

mid two thousand tens. Okay. So it's the reason I ask is because there are some similarities to some of the things that happened in the X Men side of the universe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

in terms of like taking over places of you know, positions of power and and that kind of influence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

And and I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

you know, be curious to see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

that dynamic. I so this is this is great. I didn't know this. I am curious. Do you think that secret invasion will be a prereq

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

for Captain Marvel two?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:18]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:20]

I think it'll be necessary.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:22]

I think the Captain Marvel two storyline will actually probably

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:26]

rely more on a different relationship,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:30]

specifically Miss Marvel. I think that's going to be the focus of Captain Marvel too.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:34]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:36]

secret invasion is something that essentially, I don't think they're going to do it in one season.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:42]

I think it's going to at least probably I mean, it will probably be at least 12 episodes over two seasons, I would imagine.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:49]

It's a lot of material. Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:51]

Might be time. In comic months in comic months, it's like eight months of material, which is forever. Okay. I'm With all the tie ins. I might need to get a Marvel Unlimited subscription.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

Get me through the winter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

we we're jumping around here a bit, but, miss Marvel was another we we knew miss Marvel was coming. Like, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

they've they've alluded to this. We got a little bit more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

detail

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

in in particular casting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

So just just to clarify, Ms. Marvel is one of those characters where the the name is actually applied to several different iterations of the character. The one that they're gonna put on big screen is the fourth version. Right? Kamala Khan, who's a a Pakistani teenage girl.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

Correct me if I'm wrong, but but she is post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

Disney acquisition of Marvel, and she was technically an Inhuman, wasn't she?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:41]

I believe so. Yeah. She

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:44]

she's very recent, like within the last five years or so. And she's very quickly become one of those their most popular characters.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:53]

The Avengers game that just came out

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:55]

a few months ago on consoles and PC. She is the main character of the Avengers game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

They are leaning very hard into miss Marvel. And I'm I'm totally cool with that. If I recall, she's like a shape shifter, isn't she?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:10]

Yeah. I mean, she can not in the typical sense. She can't necessarily turn into a wolf, but, think,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:16]

mister Fantastic traditionally,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:19]

stretchy.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:20]

She can do the same thing. She can make her foot gigantic

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:23]

to crush someone, lift herself up. She

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:26]

Powers of elasticity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

for lack of a better word. So I'm I'm pretty sure I'm not making it up that she's referred to as an inhuman. And I'm really curious to see if now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

that the the whole, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

legit mutant side of the house is back with Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

If they actually just, you know, go and call her a mutant straight out rather than an Inhuman.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

You know, I'd I'd like to think here's my hope, and this could be totally misfounded, but I really hope that Marvel will just say, you know what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

The whole Inhuman, like, storyline and attempt, that was a gaffe. We're gonna just move past that. We're gonna go back to Mutants and the X Men and all of that and just embrace it, and and we'll, you know, we'll we'll treat the Inhuman TV show and some of the agents of S. L. D. Like the poorly done Inhuman parts as as like the Incredible Hulk. We'll forget that it's actually part of the universe.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:18]

Possibly.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:19]

I I think the the mutant conversation

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:22]

is not going to be as quick as the Fantastic Four announcement.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:27]

I think the mutant conversation is going to be something that is probably

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:32]

I mean, they're in no hurry. They have plenty of IP Oh, yeah. Yeah. On their next three year calendar where

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:39]

they can make money off of waiting

**SPEAKER_2** [00:33:42]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

really Alright. Now don't don't get ahead of me on f four because that that's like a whole other conversation of itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Moon Knight was the next one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

Marvel's Batman. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

John, have you ever even heard of Moon Knight? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

This is not a mainstream character, but he's he's older. He's he's a seventies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

character that they created if I recall. Right?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:04]

Yeah. He goes in and out of print. I mean, they'll release a new series every couple of years. That'll run for a little while and then they'll can and he'll come back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

It's literally Marvel's version of Batman. Millionaire with gadgets. I think it's interesting. I think my guess is that they've looked at just quite frankly how awful of a job DC has done with Batman. Right? There is persistent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

interest in a Batman character, and DC Comics has literally figured out every possible way to screw it up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

that they that they could. I mean, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

they've just done a lousy job with that franchise.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:40]

Don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

say that Ben Affleck was a bad No. I actually I actually don't think Ben Affleck was a bad Batman. I think what they did is they they put what could have been a good Batman

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

in some really lousy DC movies, and so there was no possible traction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

for Ben Affleck as Batman coming out of any of that, you know? And and again, it's just it's DC comics shooting themselves in the foot. And I I have this suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

Marvel is sitting there thinking, you know, there's interest in that kind of character, and yeah, this is like this is edge IP. Right? This isn't something that we've sunk a lot of our, you know, creative juice into. But what if we do? You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:19]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:20]

Especially in a TV show format where

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:23]

they make eight episodes, they do an origin story. If it doesn't work, they don't have to make season two. But if they need him later on in the Avengers or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

or what have you, they they have the character already created. You get the casting right on this and and you could get some serious legs with it, you know? And I I think I think it'd be interesting to see how this all plays out,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

but I, I definitely see this as a as a as a bet that they're hedging. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

You mentioned She Hulk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

Hulk is still off limits. Right? Like, they can't actually do a standalone Hulk movie because of licensing?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:56]

I see differing reports on that. I I don't know what the truth is anymore.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:02]

Supposedly, Universal owns it, and then the next day I read that they don't. Well. I there's no I do know that there is licensing around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

using Hulk in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

theme parks, and that's why Hulk in particular has no presence. Not even like like, they they won't even sell you an action figure for the Hulk inside a Unless it's universal. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

Be because there's a Hulk presence down down in Florida, at least at Universal Now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

now She Hulk is interesting because the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

Patrick, you know all this better than me, so you correct me if I'm if I'm misremembering this, but she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

is like she's a relation of Hulks, like a cousin or something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

and doesn't she get a blood transfusion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

and then becomes like a kind of a milder version Correct. Of of the Hulk? Yeah. So she's she's a

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:50]

successful

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:51]

lawyer.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:53]

She has an emergency blood transfusion

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:55]

from her cousin.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:57]

And she becomes,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:00]

I guess a prettier version of the Hulk. Not

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:03]

as strong,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

not as large. But she keeps her cool Still the Hulk. Like, right out the gate as opposed to, you know, it takes Hulk a while to get to professor Hulk. Right? And so I think I think that not that she doesn't have rage, but the the like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

I don't wanna say it's not as explosive. It's just not as extreme. Like, there's more balance in her character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

Do you think it's even worth Marvel's time to cover the origin of She Hulk, or they should just, like, jump right in?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:30]

I think it'll be it'll probably be six to eight episodes. It'll take two episodes and then they'll move on.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:37]

I'm I'm more more so than the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:41]

the transformation. I'm more interested to see if they make her permanently

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:46]

She Hulk

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:47]

or if because she eventually is permanently She Hulk or if she's more along the lines of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:54]

early Hulk in in the MCU where he can switch back and forth and still switch back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

if he wanted to. So I think there's only one TV show that we have not covered yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:05]

And I know, John, you were really excited about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

Sarcasm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

You know which one I'm talking about, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:13]

Loki?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:14]

Oh, actually, forgot about Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

I was really excited about Loki. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. I did tell you because so Loki wasn't a new announcement, but we got a trailer. I was actually I was disappointed in the trailer. Yeah. I don't know. What did you guys think?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:28]

It's just I mean, I think it's more of a sizzle reel than anything. Yeah. It was it was big action shots.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:34]

Owen Wilson makes everything better. Did did it take you a second to realize that that was him?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:40]

Oh, no. As soon as I saw him. As soon as I saw him, I was like, oh, I am so happy he's with us. I I looked at him. I was like, that guy looks awfully familiar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

And then I heard Sarah belt off from the back. That's Owen Wilson. And I was like, wait, what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

Yeah, it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

I don't know anything about was it the TVA?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:01]

Yeah. Time Variance Authority. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:04]

It looks like, he's gonna get in trouble for, for messing with the time line. I would expect them to make him an agent of fortune basically going through time and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:14]

correcting boo boos and things like that. I think it I think it'll be a fun series. I don't know necessarily the impact it'll have on the overall MCU.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:23]

If I'm not mistaken, they already ordered season two of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

Here here's the thing. What what's the actor's name who plays Loki?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:33]

Pedalson. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

Yeah. No. You're right. You're right. Everybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

loves him. I mean, he's he's a fantastic actor. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

Missus Sturgevant, really. Oh, man. You know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

if you if you think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

dark world, which I I this is a movie I loathe. He comes into his own there, and he has a ton of fun in that movie. He might be the best part of it. I mean, Chris Hemsworth is god awful, but but Hilson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:59]

was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

And then you get into Natalie Portman wasn't even great in that movie. No. She wasn't, which is I know you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

you were dying over that, weren't you? It just killed you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

That's that's that's John's forgotten love, Natalie Portman. Celebrity crush.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

Ragnarok too. He's just he's fantastic. It's so hard not to like him even though he's a bad guy, you know? I mean, I guess technically he's an anti hero. Right? Like, he'd fit that kinda Yeah. Somewhere along the line.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:29]

I think in this, we'll see we'll kinda get his redemption arc and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

we won't be so upset about him dying in the first five minutes of Infinity War. God, it's still that to this day, I when I watch that movie, it takes my breath away. It's like a punch to the gut and he's dead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:44]

Ugh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

Alright. So so I forgot about Loki. You're right. Think a sizzle real is a good way to describe it. Are you talking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

I am Groot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:52]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

No. No. Mister what if? Oh, what if? Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:56]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:58]

So I didn't know anything about it beforehand,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:03]

there's just nothing that made me care. And I'm not a huge, like, animation guy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:08]

so I might play into it. That's why I can't get into Clone Wars. Unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:14]

I'm not really interested

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:15]

in if Sharon Carter became Captain America

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:19]

or if,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:21]

Black Panther became

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:23]

Star Lord. It looks really well done. And it has all of the the actors voicing over and

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:30]

all this cool stuff, but I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:33]

I'll watch it. I mean, duh.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:36]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

This this seems to me like it's gonna be content filler. I hope I'm proved wrong, but I I feel like I I agree. This is just something that they were able to get, like, the actors to do voice work, you know, in a small window. Animation doesn't you know, it's it's relatively

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

affordable for them to do and allows them to explore some truly nerdy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

potential nuances and twists. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

yeah, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:00]

hope I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:03]

not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

let down in the way that I felt when I saw their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

little I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:08]

think that they

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:10]

originally came up with what if when they only had WandaVision and Falcon and the Winter Soldier and Loki and they needed a fourth series. And

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:19]

now at this point with everything else that's going on, all the other stuff that they're throwing against the wall, it just gets lost.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:28]

Yeah. And, I mean, there's some big names,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

and it just gets lost. So it kinda makes you wonder if, like, we've all been staying at home, you know, during COVID, laying low, and Disney's out there, like, who can we sign to a contract?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

You know? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

you wanna do some more you wanna do some more TV? We'll pay you good money. Just just come here. We'll make a Marvel show for you. You know? This is I mean, they just signed one of the greatest actors of our generation as a villain Yeah. In a movie. Christian Bale. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:57]

Alright. Yeah. For all over the place. I forgot about I Am Groot, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:02]

Yeah. Don't know if that counts as a series.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:05]

Well, we don't know. It's Did they say it was video shorts? Like that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

Yeah. So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:12]

Disney did this with Star Wars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

at the end of Rebels or in between Rebels. They did it was like Disney Destiny or Star Wars Destiny or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

I it was on YouTube.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

I'm I don't know. The none of them they were like little character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

minuets. Is that is that the right word?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

They yeah. Let's go with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

They they just didn't have a lot of depth, and they weren't they weren't a contribution to what's going on. And I can't really imagine a show just about Groot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:45]

He's a great character development.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:47]

I This is This is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

I think this is gonna be the Rugrats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:52]

of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. That's that's what I'm gonna chalk this up to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

We'll see if I'm proven wrong. That does remind me though. Have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

you guys ever seen the Star Wars holiday special?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

Yes. From the seventies? Yes.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:06]

I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:07]

don't wanna admit to actually watching that. Where where Chewy's family,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

asks Luke to go and find Chewy because he's lost. It's so bad. It is so unbelievably bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:19]

for some reason, Disney thought, oh, yeah. Let's take some of our our characters and make it a holiday special. So next time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:28]

Guardians of the Galaxy will have a holiday special. And here's what I here's what I can't get past my head. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:33]

Of all the Marvel characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

the ones that are, like, least family friendly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:39]

have to be Guardians of Galaxy. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:41]

And that's the one that you're gonna make a holiday special with? Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

Can you just imagine, like like, just some of the dialogue from the first thirty minutes of Guardians two? If they if they, like, interlace that with Merry Christmas or something?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

Like, how is that gonna work? How's that gonna work?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:58]

I think it's probably the most accessible

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:00]

IP that they have that could be a a Christmas special.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:05]

maybe, man. But I mean, short of giving WandaVision a Christmas episode, I'm not sure what else they could do. Hey, that that could be fun. I I don't I just don't I don't know. They're gonna have to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:15]

I wonder if those characters will be as interesting if they go rated g with them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

you know. And if they if they don't go rated g with them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:25]

is this really gonna be a Christmas special? Like, I you know, if you do a Christmas special, it has to be approachable by the family. Right? You know? I don't want my four year old walking around saying half the things that come out of Star Lord's mouth as funny as they may be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:40]

Long as they ask you for the the music to include in the soundtrack. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

Well, that I mean, that's the thing. Right? You know, you gotta have a great soundtrack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:48]

Alright. Now I do think that is all of the TV shows. Right? That's all the TV shows that were announced and, like, we were reminded of today. I'm not missing one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

Did we cover Hawkeye? We did early on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

I guess, do we get I don't think we got another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

we didn't get another trailer, did we?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:06]

No. No trailer. Hailey Steinfeld as future Hawkeye.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:11]

The set photos look very promising.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:14]

Like people are dissecting the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:16]

comic frames

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:18]

side by side to the set photos and they are photo like exact.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:23]

This is probably

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:24]

what I'm most excited about. I love Hawkeye,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:46:27]

and I love the storyline of him transitioning to Kate Bishop. So I think it'll I'm super excited I think if they play this right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:36]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:37]

that they're basically setting up subsequent seasons, right, with with new Oh, yeah. New character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:43]

The these transition stories are critical. In the comics, they just kinda happen, you know? And it's it's, like, it's not a big deal, but I think it's harder in the movies for them to do and to do well. And so we're gonna get I think, probably see really just how great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:56]

the the writing of Marvel is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:58]

But we should transition to to movies. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:02]

Doctor Strange

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:04]

and the Multiverse of Madness. I don't did we learn anything new about Doctor Strange? Yes. What did we learn?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:10]

There's a big thing that was announced,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:12]

a casting that was The

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:14]

Christian No. Bale

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:17]

That's Thor. Thor. Okay. A casting news specifically for doctor Strange.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:21]

They casted someone as America Chavez.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:24]

Okay. I don't I don't I don't know. This

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:27]

is this

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:28]

is this is exciting. Because this kind of shows where they're gonna go with Doctor Strange.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:33]

America Chavez

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:34]

is Miss America in the comics. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:37]

A more recent character.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:40]

Think

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:40]

female,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:42]

mid late teens, 20s Captain America. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:47]

She can kick holes

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:49]

in reality.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:52]

That opens a hole to the multiverse and she can travel through the multiverse

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:57]

in the comics.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:58]

I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:47:59]

don't think it's a coincidence that we're seeing this happen and are seeing her casted and Doctor Strange

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:06]

and the Multiverse of Madness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:09]

They did explicitly state that this will lead into the third Spider Man movie, which I think that was new. I don't think we knew that explicitly

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:17]

coming into this. I think they had laid it down a little bit because the only

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:22]

reason they had was because they announced that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:26]

Cumberbatch would be in Spider Man Oh, that's right, that's right, okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:30]

So if you put everything together, the pieces,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:34]

there's no way they're not doing

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:35]

Spider

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:36]

Man three. So the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:38]

full connective tissue here for this particular storyline is WandaVision's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:41]

gonna lead into Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness. Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness is gonna lead into Spider Man three, which we believe will will be the multiverse, Spideyverse. Right? And we think we're gonna have multiple Spider Man. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:54]

I like, that I think that'll be a pretty sweet arc assuming that they they pull it off well. And I can't imagine that Benedict Cumberbatch is gonna do a flop of a Doctor Strange movie. Yeah. You know? No. I don't either.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:06]

And it's supposedly it's closer to a horror movie

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:09]

if the MCU were to have one. What's interesting is if

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:14]

WandaVision pans out the way we kind of expect it to with her potentially going crazy,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:20]

and that leads into Doctor Strange.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:23]

If they do House of M, which is a famous

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:26]

famous x men comic storyline,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:29]

where she essentially goes crazy

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:32]

and is the ultimate

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:34]

powerful bad guy,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:36]

that would be nuts.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:37]

And by all accounts, it looks like that what she is going Yeah. You you're basically saying Wanda is the bad guy in Doctor Strange. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:45]

Which that would Which be a whole new spin for us. Like, we've not seen a good guy go completely bad. Right? We've we've not seen that in the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:54]

So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:56]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:57]

man, I tell you what, in January, there's gonna be a lot to digest with this new show. Hopefully, John likes it. Oh, yeah. If it's got too much character development, he won't he won't like it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:06]

Did they say how many episodes it was gonna be? It's is it six or eight? I did not see that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:11]

So The only episode count I saw was Falcon and Winter Soldier is six episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:17]

Oh, man. That's all I saw. I hope that's enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:21]

You know, the the thing is they gotta stagger this out. If I can have a new episode of something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:28]

whether it's Marvel or Star Wars, once a month on Disney,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:32]

I I would be a happy man. Like, I just need one episode, not once a month. Sorry. One episode of a week. Right? For every month. You just need I just need 52 episodes of content a year.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:43]

Oh, yeah. And I I mean, just looking at this, they they detailed their two year release schedule for Disney plus, but there's

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:51]

I mean, every six weeks, they're it looks like they're gonna have something out. It's between six and eight weeks. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:56]

that's exciting. I didn't I didn't catch. Did they talk about where they're gonna release Doctor Strange? Are they gonna release it to Disney plus?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:05]

No. It comes out March 25. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:08]

So they I doubt strongly.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:10]

It's 03/25/2021

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:12]

too. So that is that will be the first

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:16]

movie released

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:18]

for phase four because Black Widow was pushed to May.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:22]

So Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness will come out March 25. Cross your fingers.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:28]

Hopefully they release on Disney plus because it's gonna kill us if they continue to push back movies. Because now we've missed two movies because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:36]

Eternals was supposed to already be out. Which did they even mention that yesterday? I don't even remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:41]

Eternals or Black Widow. It's finished.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:44]

No. I don't think so. The I know they gave Eternals a new date. I wanna say it's November next year. They pushed it back an entire year. But the toys have already come out. The toys have already been out. You can get the toys on Target.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:57]

So my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:58]

my hope, my sincere hope is that they attempt to do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:02]

what what Warner Brothers and HBO Max is doing. Right? This year, they're gonna release simultaneously to theater and to streaming. I think it's a bigger gamble

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:11]

for Disney.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:13]

I am completely fine if they wanna take the Mulan route.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:17]

You know? I I will I will gladly pay $20.25

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:20]

bucks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:21]

For every single one. Easily. Yeah. Like, I'm not even gonna I'm not even gonna flinch. You know? You tell me when you take my credit card number, and boom, you got it. You want my PayPal? You can just lock it in, charge me automatically. I don't care. Just give it to me. If I get to do it in my house, I'm gonna see it opening night. If you you here's the other thing too. If you want Disney, if if you happen to, like, stumble across this podcast, if you want, you could charge me $25 for every time that I watch it in the first week. Right? Like, I'm okay with that. I agree. I'm okay with that. I agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:53]

So alright. So we don't we don't know if they're they're gonna do any kinda, like, crazy hybrid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:56]

releasing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:57]

Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness, not not new. We did get confirmation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:02]

of Guardians of the Galaxy volume three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:05]

which Yep. I thought we didn't get a lot of details on that though, did we?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:10]

All the they might have given a release date. I'm not 100% sure. I wanna say 2023.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:15]

That's what this says. Yeah. They're and they're filming that and the Christmas special simultaneously.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:22]

But I would imagine it would be the search for Gamora. I that's what I'm hoping for. I think it'll be interesting to see how much Thor we get in Guardians three. I think probably a lot of that will depend upon what actually happens in Love and Thunder, which is another one I Yeah. Didn't really speak to on this, did they?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:37]

They

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:38]

mentioned

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:39]

the casting of Christian Beryl Oh, right. Which I think is a I think is a shield

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:45]

Gore the God Butcher.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:48]

They're pushing some

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:50]

pretty crazy territory.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:52]

They're I think they're gonna start pushing the limits. I think they actually wanna break out of their comfort zone.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:53:59]

And that's a really not necessarily obscure. It's a pretty highly regarded character, a recent character, but I think it'll be interesting for them to do. And you get Natalie Portman as Thor.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:10]

So Now I John, all your boyhood dreams come true. Is Natalie Portman confirmed for Love and Thunder? Yeah. For a while. Yeah. She came she came out, twenty nineteen Comic Con. Oh, nice. Now With Takayawati.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:23]

Okay. That's what I was gonna just ask. Is is he the one that that's doing Love and Thunder? And he is. Okay. Yep. We've got some interesting news about him later on too if we ever get to the bottom of this list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:33]

So so Guardians three confirmed. That's great. Let's see. What else did we get? Ant Man and the Wasp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:40]

Quantanium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:41]

So more Quantum Realm stuff. Obviously, we got a little more Quantum Realm depth in Endgame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:46]

following Ant Man and the Wasp. Ant Man and the Wasp Was it What? Was it Quantanium or was it Quantumanium. I'm sorry. Quantumanium. Quantumania.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:55]

Both good titles. Yeah. But Quantumania makes me think of professional wrestling. I should I should trademark that before Disney steals it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:02]

Ant Man and the Wasp, in my opinion, is is easily one of the worst Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. Don't worry, Stan. Catwoman will be back for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:13]

whatever we decided this name was. Quantumanium?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:16]

Quantumanium.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:18]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:19]

so so what are I didn't you you're more on top of this, Patrick. What do we know about the story for Quantumania?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:26]

I think the biggest thing

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:28]

that they announced for for the next Ant Man and the Wasp is Kang the Conqueror.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:35]

The fact that they're revealing that he's being casted,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:39]

think, kind of points

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:41]

everyone in the direction that they're gonna go big for phase five and phase six.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:46]

And it shows that phase four is 100%

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:51]

pure story building.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:53]

They're basically

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:55]

squishing all of phase one and two into one phase

**SPEAKER_2** [00:55:59]

in phase four.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:00]

King and the Conqueror is a big deal. He's a big villain.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:03]

There are a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:05]

thousands of pages probably written in his story development. Interesting. So so here here's my problem. Right? Like, this is the one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:13]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:14]

I groaned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:15]

when I saw the announcement for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:18]

I think I think, John, you know for sure, I love Ant Man. Yep. The first Ant Man movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:23]

I mean, I can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:25]

control my laughter watching it. It's it's one of my favorites. He was great in Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:30]

He was. He was fantastic in Civil War too. He was great in Civil War. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:35]

I was so disappointed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:38]

by Ant Man and the Wasp, especially because I wanted the Wasp to be so awesome. Now maybe maybe I'm on an island. Did you guys did you guys loathe Ant Man and the Wasp as much as I did?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:49]

Not my favorite MCU movie, but I don't think I loathed it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:56:55]

I don't hate it. There's just a lot going on. If it was more streamlined

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:00]

and there weren't three different villains There you go. That's the I think I've that's the that is the problem with the movie. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:06]

No. Yeah. I mean, if that was not the issue, I think it would have been I think it would have been better. If they just And I think just pick one villain to run with, it's a better movie. Yeah. It's a much better movie.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:17]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:18]

I think the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:19]

realistically, I think the reason that they did that was to shield the fact that the it sets up the linchpin,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:26]

the MacGuffin of Endgame. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:29]

And they wanted to kinda shield that from the audience until the final reveal.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:34]

With Kang being announced,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:37]

that's he's gonna stick around for

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:40]

multiple movies.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:57:42]

He'll be around well into to phase five. If they wipe him out in one or two movies, I would be very shocked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:48]

So, I mean, it's it's interesting to to spin this out on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:53]

Ant Man and the Wasp because Ant Man's not not like a a line

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:59]

character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:01]

Do you think that Ant Man's gonna become,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:05]

like, the the the presence of, say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:08]

Iron Man in terms of these these new phases?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:12]

I think for at least a phase.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:15]

I I don't see them doing an Avengers movie for a while.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:20]

I can't I mean, I I just I don't. I I can't even It it's it's gonna be big. So I think they're gonna do smaller team up movies, which is kind of what we're starting to see. Thor is gonna have Chris Pratt in it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:33]

And then you have Captain Marvel that's gonna have

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:36]

a character that we'll talk about in a little bit. There's gonna be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:41]

there's gonna be smaller team ups as we go along.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:44]

That's gonna build into another in game style

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:48]

battle. Okay. I don't think Kang is gonna be this gigantic

**SPEAKER_2** [00:58:52]

person that requires every single Avenger because that comes later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:57]

Okay. Okay. So this is gonna be my question. Do you think King is the new Thanos? And you're you're saying no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:03]

No. Okay. Alright. Interesting. Well, it'll be I'll be curious to see how that tracks along.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:09]

I think Galactus always comes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:12]

You think you think you think it'll be Galactus?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:15]

There's no way it can't be. Oh, man. It has to be Galactus. Man.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:59:20]

I hadn't given it that much thought, but what you're saying makes sense. That would be so cool. And Silver Surfer is a main character in Fantastic Four. You can't have Fantastic Four without Silver Surfer. You can't have Galactus without the Silver Surfer. It's gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:36]

It might take five ten years for them to develop it, but it's gonna happen. Alright. I'm not ready to talk about Fantastic Four. I got one more I got one more to cover. Because I think I think we're just down to Black Panther two and Fantastic Four. Right? Those are the other other big Marvel Captain Marvel. Oh, Captain Marvel two. Gosh. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:52]

Shang Chi. This is what happened to me. Don't go in order, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:56]

Well, so Shang Chi though has been announced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:59]

for a while. This was just a, like, revisit of it. Right? Yeah. They were just telling

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:05]

the investors that they finished production. It's in post production. They're they're cleaning up

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:11]

07/09/2021

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:12]

release date.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:14]

Oh, wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:15]

Oh, wow. I really hope they keep the these release dates.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:18]

Yeah. I do too. Do you you wanna give a I'm I'm not Shang Chi is not my cup of tea. Do you wanna give a summary of of Shang Chi?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:27]

That's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:28]

martial artist. He's not my cup of tea either. I think the biggest the biggest thing about Shang Chi is that we're gonna revisit the 10 rings.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:36]

The same terrorist group that kidnapped Tony Stark in the first Iron Man

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:41]

that the Mandalorian was

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:43]

quote unquote in charge of an Iron Man three, but really wasn't Yeah. The actual Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:48]

Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:50]

That's slick.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:52]

Yeah. We'll get there.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:00:55]

No. So I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:58]

I think the 10 rings is the most exciting thing about about Shang Chi. It'd be great to I would personally rather seen Iron Fist, but I can take it. Yeah. Well, and that so there was even my other question is like, what is I don't because I don't know what's the actual relationship between Iron Fist and Shang Chi. Is there one?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:13]

I don't know if there is one. Okay. I mean, outside of of team members, I'm sure

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:18]

they're both

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:20]

martial artists. They probably intersected at some point in the comics, but

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:24]

I I liked Iron Fist. I hated the first episode. I've said this multiple times. Like, I I watched it three times before I could get on to the second episode. Once you get past the first episode of Iron Fist, I thought it was actually an interesting show. I I do think they could have done a much better job casting Danny Rand.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:43]

Finn Jones,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:45]

was fantastic on Game of Thrones.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:01:49]

That's all I got.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:51]

Alright. Did you like the Defenders, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:55]

I I did. It wasn't it wasn't great, but I liked it because I had invested a lot in those characters. True. And to see them come together like that, that's what I was hoping for. The the problem

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:07]

excuse me. The problem with the Defenders is in in the Avengers, right, up until Coulson dies, you have this, like, discombobulated

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:13]

crew,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:15]

and there was no Coulson dying moment where they then, like, come together and actually function as a unit.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:21]

And and so the defenders are are, like

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:25]

I I don't know. They were all in the same show, but they were never really a team, in my opinion, with the win. What about when they when they sat inside of a Chinese restaurant for an episode and a half? That's not

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:35]

their Coulson Dine? No. I don't I don't think there was a Coulson Dine. I don't think it was but

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:40]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:42]

there was an opportunity there to do something great. I think that's where the writing fell apart.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:49]

And and I I also, again, I just I just really didn't like the casting of Danny Rand.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:55]

But so so Captain Marvel two though, you you

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:59]

are expecting miss Marvel to lead into this.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:02]

Yep. She's confirmed as casted as well. Oh, okay. Very cool. Very cool. Yeah. She is confirmed as casted. So it'll be good to actually see miss Marvel meet her hero

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:12]

and the reason she takes on the Marvel name.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:16]

Also casted is Monica Rambeau

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:19]

who you will remember as the daughter of her best friend

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:24]

in

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:25]

Captain Marvel one. Nice. So this will be a present this will be a present day,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:30]

Captain Marvel movie. Not not Captain Marvel 1984.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:34]

No.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:36]

December 25.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:38]

Cheap plug.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:39]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:40]

we'll we'll get to see Monica Rambeau who

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:43]

is also a a hero in her own right. Okay. So do you think this movie takes place before or after Endgame?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:51]

After. Okay. I think this will I think we'll

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:55]

at current,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:56]

we are in 2023

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:58]

in the timeline,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:03:59]

I imagine

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:01]

current events will actually progress at the same rate. So when we're in 2021,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:06]

I think we're gonna be in 2024.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:08]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:08]

I think I think they're gonna stay between two and three years ahead of current,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:04:14]

just so the timeline pushes forward.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:17]

So in Captain Marvel,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:19]

she

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:21]

basically tells

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:23]

whatever whatever the whatever his name is. The

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:28]

the guy that supervises her. Holy cats. I'm drawing a blank. The the bad guy, the primary bad guy. But she she says, like, tell tell the the Cree I'm coming for them. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:37]

And then we don't see her for a a pretty long period of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:42]

I what I want to see is when she goes after the Cree.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:46]

And I don't know, like, chronologically when it happens, but we do have a huge gap, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:51]

for her leading up to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:54]

Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:56]

I'd like to know what she was doing then. I'd like to know if she does go toe to toe with the Kree. I don't know if that's what they're gonna do in Marvel or in Captain Marvel two,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:04]

but I I wanna see that story. I wanna know what happened.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:07]

Yeah. I don't know. I mean, it seems like

**SPEAKER_2** [01:05:09]

they've almost written themselves into maybe a hole unless they obviously, they know better than us how they're gonna accomplish this. But that's you're right. That's a huge drop

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:22]

Like that that they eventually have to explore. And I think if you wait too long, it kinda loses its power. Yeah. And I I think the the other challenge so again, like, what is she doing in that window? I don't think she

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:32]

I I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:34]

either she couldn't find them, which would be weird,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:36]

or or she fought them and then, like, it didn't work out because the Kree are still present come Guardians of the Galaxy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:43]

There there's also some Kree action going on in Agents of S. D. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:47]

part of me hopes that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:49]

like, we learned what was happening in that gap, but that the battle with the Kree is still coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:54]

You know, we'll see. I I would be curious to see if there's any connective tissue with Secret Invasion,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:00]

because I don't think like, anytime you get the scrolls, I just I'm I'm waiting for

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:04]

Captain Marvel and the The crew to show up. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:08]

So I'm looking for that. I I love Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel is one of my, like, all time favorites out of the out of the franchise. I just absolutely adored that movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:16]

I would have loved more

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:18]

of Captain Marvel and Endgame than we got. That was that was actually one of my my disappointments in Endgame.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:25]

So But she saves Tony's stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:28]

She does. She does. But, like, there were so many opportunities.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:32]

You know? I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:34]

think it's it's worth mentioning that everyone had so much character development. And if she were to come in and do anything other than designated

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:43]

hitter,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:06:44]

it would have been kind of a disservice to every other character that had spent so much time in the universe at that point. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:51]

I am. That's fair. That's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:53]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:54]

So now for a downer moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:57]

Black Panther two,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:59]

which I think everybody was kinda waiting with bated breath to see

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:03]

if they were even gonna do Black Panther two because I think, you know, considering the fact that that Chadwick Boseman has has passed away,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:09]

it it would be

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:11]

reasonable for them to say, you know what? We're we're not gonna pursue that story line.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:15]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:16]

I don't know what it means that they'll they will not recast

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:20]

T'Challa,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:21]

which is which is what they said.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:23]

I I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:25]

do you do you then focus on the White Panther? Or like, how do you deal with T'Challa,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:29]

you know? I think they'll probably deal with Shuri becoming queen

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:34]

and taking over the the mantle. I don't know if that'll necessarily even be the main story,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:41]

because there's a lot of other stuff that they can deal.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:44]

The the way they said is that they're going to almost zoom out

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:48]

and tell the story of Wakanda,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:51]

kind of I'm paraphrasing, but that's what they were focusing on is the other stories in Wakanda.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:07:58]

So, I mean, we could see a flashback,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:02]

but I I think

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:03]

a m unfortunately, an MCU without Black Panther

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:08]

and that

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:09]

story being represented

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:11]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:12]

not a good MCU. No, I agree with you. Agree with you.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:15]

I think they have to they had they're in between a rock and a hard place because he was absolutely fantastic. Yeah, he is one of the best castings they have done easily. I would say I would say to the point of Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:08:30]

That's a huge loss. And I can

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:33]

I can only imagine what they're going through in the writing room trying to replace such an amazing actor? No. I And do his character justice. I'm I'm totally with you. So here's here's my proposal. I I'm this is what I wanna see happen. This is what I think should happen. This is all for you. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:47]

Yeah. Listen. If if if if you're in the Writing Room at Disney, and you wanna just steal this, go for it. Right? This is because this is this is the only way to rebound from this in my opinion, because you can't

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:58]

you you you're not gonna find somebody to replace Chadwick Boseman. Right? What you can do is have Loki go and fix time

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:06]

and have Michael b Jordan character continue to live and be the next There you go. King of Wakanda.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:09:14]

Only if he comes up to Tupac as his entrance music like he did in Creep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:18]

But come on now. Tell you No. I I think it would Michael b Jordan was was fantastic in that movie. And the the only the only travesty of Black Panther is that Michael b Jordan's character was used up, and they're they're in a tough spot. I think if they could figure out a way to write Michael b Jordan in as not necessarily the new T'Challa, but as the new Black Panther.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:38]

Right? He could be a Skrull. You never know. Oh, man. Well, there you go. Secret invasion. So so one like, use one of these things to to go at it with an eraser. Let's bring Michael b Jordan back because, really, the MCU needs him.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:51]

But I now before this before this episode airs, I have to talk to my kids. I had not told them that Chadwick Boseman passed away. Oh, no. Oh. Yeah. It's well, it's so hard. Like, how do you and, know, like, 2020. Right? Like, what's it gonna do? Tell him Black Panther's he's he's dead. He's not gonna be in in the movie again. They're they can't wrap their brains around it. And I love Black Panther.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:12]

I I think this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:15]

it it is extremely sad that he passed away. I am bummed because I think what he did for the whole MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:24]

was really significant, like culturally speaking.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:27]

And the fact that that movie had had the impact that it did,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:32]

it just it made especially, you know, if you think about the summer we've had. Right? We need another Black Panther too. Right? We need another T'Challa. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:42]

For sure. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:44]

Any other movies besides the big one?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:49]

No. I mean, we covered Thor intermittently.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:53]

To mention Thor, we do know that it ties directly into Loki.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:10:58]

Loki

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:00]

is the linchpin

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:02]

for Thor Love and Thunder. Excellent.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:06]

So I would expect to see some Mojineer action somewhere in there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:12]

Hiddleston,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:13]

do you wanna explain what that is for for the nerds that don't have any idea what that is?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:18]

Thor's hammer. Alright.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:21]

I'm sorry. Everybody calls it Thor's hammer

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:23]

except except for those that are new. I mispronounced it, and, Daniel Sanchez will probably, make a comment on this episode correcting

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:31]

me. Listen. Will probably text you personally.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:34]

Yeah. Daniel Sanchez yelling about stuff. Sanchez has got that vessel, that blood vessel on his forehead just, like, screaming out right now. He's like, lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:43]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:45]

Hillston is gonna be in love and thunder then?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:49]

No. Not that I know of. I I have no idea. But they did reveal

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:53]

at Comic Con when they announced

**SPEAKER_2** [01:11:56]

Loki that it would tie into Thor's. Interesting. I love the dynamic between

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:01]

Hillston and Hemsworth, so I'm I'm I'm all for it If they could figure out a way to pull it off. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:07]

Patrick,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:08]

do you think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:10]

do you think they can do it?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:13]

I am

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:15]

exceptionally hopeful.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:17]

I mean, we've had,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:19]

three

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:20]

horrible,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:21]

horrible movies that we've sat through and hope for. They ruined Jessica Alba. They almost ruined Chris Evans.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:29]

Gosh. Oh, man. Michael Chiclas.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:32]

So dude that played Doctor Doom both times. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:37]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:39]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:40]

I've thought a lot about this. Like, when I'm alone at night, and I'm contemplating the meaning of life, I sit back and I think to myself, why has no one been able to make a Fantastic Four movie

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:51]

that wasn't garbage? Like, why is that so hard? You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:56]

I think it's the same reason no one

**SPEAKER_2** [01:12:59]

tried to make a Captain America movie.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:04]

There it's it's baggage. I mean, that story comes with expectations.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:09]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:10]

if you do not execute it the first time, you are doomed.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:14]

If they don't make a good Fantastic Four movie and it's the MCU version of the Fantastic Four,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:21]

they

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:22]

it's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:13:24]

like the meme, I will never financially recover from this. Why? I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:29]

mean, let's face it. I don't know how many times they can,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:32]

like, get a do over on this one. You know, it's kinda like Batman.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:36]

You you

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:37]

you only get to ruin the character so many times.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:40]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:42]

I I I had I was having a conversation last night with with friend of the show, Joe Taylor, who is a huge Fantastic Four fan,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:50]

and he he said something that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:54]

it I hadn't thought about this way, but it was it was it provided clarity. Right? Like, Fantastic Four is about a family.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:01]

Like, there's there's a that's the dynamic. And I was I was thinking back to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:07]

the Michael B Jordan,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:09]

Fantastic Four that came out in 2015,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:12]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:13]

all of the all of the, like, worst parts of that movie have to actually do with the dynamic between the characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:19]

you know? Because they're they don't get along. They don't know each other. They don't understand each other.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:24]

And and I think that maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:26]

what what Joe was alluding to, this whole notion of like, Fantastic Four is a family, if they don't get that right, then you wind up with the movies that we have.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:14:34]

100%.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:14:35]

I think the the 2015 version, the first thirty minutes is actually relatively good. Yeah. That's fair. Before before the the cart

**SPEAKER_2** [01:14:44]

comes off the tracks at around the thirty forty five minute mark.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:49]

It says scene where they're they're like, they get drinking and they get drunk and they're like all being goofy and screwing around like that. That's not Fantastic Four.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:56]

It's it's absolutely not Fantastic Four.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:14:59]

And the first one I think tried to be

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:02]

the family and create the family dynamic.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:05]

The acting choices,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:07]

they were all they're all very accomplished actors in their own rights. They just did not mesh well.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:12]

Fantastic Four does not succeed with bad casting. Right. Well I think more so than any other movie, this is and I think that's probably why they haven't released the cast because I would strongly imagine that they have a shortlist if not already nailed down

**SPEAKER_2** [01:15:26]

in their minds at least who they're gonna contact to play it. But they have to get the casting right. You think about

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:34]

the the, like, infamous

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:36]

TV shows of families, right, and the dynamic or at least the perceived dynamic

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:41]

between the cast. I I'm thinking about, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:46]

Family Matters or Tool Time or Home Improvement rather. Right? And and the way that those characters gelled as a, like, cohesive family unit,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:56]

you have to get that dynamic

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:58]

at the very start of Fantastic Four.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:02]

Otherwise, you're gonna screw it up again. And and I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:05]

I don't know. Did we I I didn't see. Did we get a date on when they're gonna do a Fantastic Four movie?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:11]

I don't believe so. I don't remember seeing a date.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:15]

It's it's amazing. Fantastic Four

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:19]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:20]

well, let's see what see what you think about this, Patrick. If if you're ranking, like, the significance of Marvel characters,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:26]

out of everything we've had thus far, I think Fantastic Four is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:30]

above all of them in terms of significance impact

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:33]

to the the Marvel Yeah. Universe. Right? The fact that they haven't been or they weren't able to be included until just recently is actually kind of unfortunate because the impact they would have had on the first three phases, think would have been huge. Yeah. They're Marvel's first family. You know what I mean? That's like what they're always called, but that's there's a reason behind that.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:54]

If

**SPEAKER_2** [01:16:55]

I I just it'll be very bad, think, if they do it poorly.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:00]

In my opinion, if they tackle this like a family drama,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:06]

a PG 13

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:07]

family drama movie,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:10]

showing the way the characters play off of each other. I think that's probably their best bet to introduce the characters.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:17]

And then they I mean, this is gonna be at least a trilogy. These actors are gonna be in this role for a long time.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:26]

So I think that's the best way to introduce them, but I'll be John Watts is directing it, who directs the Spider Man's for more. Right. I saw that. Which is I think bodes well. So I think that bodes well. Yes. I think I think it definitely bodes well, and I think it kinda shows the direction

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:40]

they're going with the movie too because he does

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:44]

more along the line. I mean, Spider Man is is this kind of huge movie that those two movies, and I think that shows

**SPEAKER_2** [01:17:51]

where he wants to go as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:54]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:56]

who who do you think they score off against as a bad guy in this one?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:02]

I don't think you can do it without doing doctor Doom.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:08]

I would be shocked if they did it without

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:11]

doing Doctor Doom. Is that too predictable Even

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:16]

if it is, I think it's still the right direction. I mean Doctor Doom in the comics

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:22]

up until the last year was one of the biggest villains, one of the most powerful villains. If they did Doctor Doom, that could be a Thanos sized big bad if they wanted to go that direction.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:34]

So I think it'd be an interesting way to to move

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:38]

into that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:41]

At what point at what point do you pull in the silver silver surfer?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:45]

I think that's the the post movie. I think

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:49]

that's the post credit scene is Silver Sur. And then you don't mention anything about Galactus

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:55]

until

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:56]

phase five.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:18:58]

The same way that they tease Thanos,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:02]

throughout phase or at the end of phase one, and then you don't see anything for all of phase two

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:07]

until Avengers two, until Ultron.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:11]

That's the way you have to do Thanos. And the or excuse me, Galactus. And it'll be more powerful because there is so much more content

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:20]

in between those two those teases. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:24]

Can

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:25]

Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:27]

save

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:28]

the Fantastic Four? Do you think they're gonna do it?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:32]

They've made

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:33]

two,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:34]

three

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:36]

movies

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:37]

in the MCU. I don't think they've made a bad MCU movie yet. I don't think Dark World is bad. I don't think Ant Man and the Wasp is bad. I don't think Incredible Hulk is bad. I think they're But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:49]

they all have redeeming features in them and they have certainly built

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:52]

and they've created helped create amazing stories.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:55]

I don't think they can mess it up.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:19:59]

But if it's not amazing,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:01]

I think that will actually hurt it more than anything if it's not

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:05]

a home run movie. The same way that Captain Marvel, everyone is expecting it to be a home run. It needed to be a home run.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:14]

And it wasn't.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:15]

I think that hurt them a little bit because it was not

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:19]

appreciated as much as

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:21]

as some people would have liked as Disney would have liked. I liked it. I loved it. I think it's a great movie.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:20:27]

But it has to appease both sides of the of the comic aisle.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:32]

The nerds and me.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:36]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:38]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:39]

one of the one of the challenges if they go deep into the comic lore for Fantastic Four, I think will be keeping the non nerd John Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:49]

engaged. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:52]

And they've they've done a good job of walking this line thus far through the MCU, but this this one in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:59]

again,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:00]

I think they've gotta do something that's true to the history of the characters without,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:05]

you know, going so far that they they leave,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:08]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:09]

my my mom and my in laws

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:12]

out to dry kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:15]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:15]

And I I mean, I I think at a certain point, it's not necessarily make or break. The MCU will not be over because they fail at Fantastic But

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:23]

I think it will be harder to dig

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:26]

out of a bad Fantastic Four movie than it was to dig out of a bad Incredible Hulk movie

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:32]

or to basically erase Thor the Dark World by having Ragnarok. You know what I No one cares about Dark World.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:21:40]

Hey. There's lots of good content

**SPEAKER_1** [01:21:42]

in Dark World.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:21:44]

There is. No. For sure. But There's also just When you talk about Thor, you talk about Ragnarok. Right. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:50]

I mean, you know, and and I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:53]

I guess

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:55]

if they're going to do fantastic four and they don't do it right, I I do think that that could seriously cripple

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:04]

the the franchise,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:05]

at least short term. I don't like long term, they'll they'll rebound, but I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:09]

they just they gotta get it right. They gotta cast it right. Well, because when it's in the when it's in the MCU, you can't reboot it. Right. And I mean, that's the problem with X Men two is X Men is gonna have the same problem.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:20]

Hugh Jackman is Wolverine. Yep. You have to convince

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:25]

our generation, the generation before us, and now, unfortunately, the generation after us that Hugh Jackman is not Wolverine.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:32]

Well, okay. But but this storyline we've had is not MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:38]

Now I I agree with you about the casting. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:41]

I I wasn't planning to talk about X Men, but I will say this. I really sincerely hope

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:46]

that when they do pull the X Men in, they finally get Rogue

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:49]

right.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:22:51]

They did such a lousy job with rogue throughout all of the x men's, really. Like, I don't think any any of the x men's got rogue correct.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:22:58]

I just wanna see a good gamer. Yeah. That's all I want. Yeah. I just want a good roommate. But he he was they didn't even give him the time of day in in the movies that we've had. In Origins. You know? Yeah. No. The

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:09]

the cartoon, right, that everybody grew up on and loved, the X Men cartoon,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:14]

they need to go back to that and build off of that storyline

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:18]

and use those character personas

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:20]

to bring into the MCU. That's that that should be your strategy, because I don't know anybody

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:26]

who doesn't love that cartoon,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:28]

you know? Like, it it just

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:30]

and it maybe it's maybe it's just nostalgia. Maybe I need to go back and watch it, but I just I'll that's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:36]

It's still good. I watched the first season while I was on vacation this past week. It's it's So, worth

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:40]

you know, that's that's what I wanna see happen there. I agree with you. They got a challenge with with the Wolverine character.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:47]

I'm sure they can find somebody that looks like Hugh Jackman.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:23:50]

I'm I'm I'm confident of it.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:52]

So What about Patrick Stewart, man? Well,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:23:56]

you know, I mean It's it's gonna be tough. And I I think that it presents the same

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:01]

obviously,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:02]

Jessica Alba is not going to be the

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:06]

the pinnacle or Chris Evans as the human torch isn't gonna be the pinnacle. But we're still we everyone that watches that movie is going to have an it ingrained into what

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:18]

the Fantastic Four is and what they should look like.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:22]

Most of the characters they've done so far don't have those preconceived notions.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:26]

Or if they did, they were perfect for the roles like Robert Downey Junior and Chris Evans. You know what I mean? Everyone else, they they and it's even apparent now in the comics, they moved the comics towards the characters they cast. Yep.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:40]

Captain Marvel looks like Brie Larson now. You know what So I it'll be interesting to see how they move Who's first Samuel L. Jackson or Nick Fury?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:24:50]

Alright. Any last words on Marvel?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:55]

I'm super excited.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:24:57]

I've said that multiple times and that's not the most eloquent way to to express it. But I mean, there this is two

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:05]

to two point five years worth of content. That's it. Yeah. What's For an announcement like this, we used to have to wait multiple years, multiple Comic Cons to see this kind of this kind of development.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:16]

This not to mention that Blade is coming out. You

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:21]

know what I mean? Not to mention that all these other these other IPs will be coming out soon.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:28]

Yeah. It's gonna be

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:30]

Morbius is coming out, Venom two, which are confirmed to be in the MCU now because of the Sony deal.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:36]

There's gonna be a lot going on. Did like Venom?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:41]

Yeah. I like Tom Hardy.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:43]

I don't know if I liked Venom. I don't

**SPEAKER_2** [01:25:46]

I don't like the interpretation

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:47]

of Venom, But hopefully now that Marvel has more creative control, they'll they'll finish the issue. Agree with you. I like Shin Zhan. I think he's a he's a fun actor.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:25:57]

And do do you get the reference? Do you know that reference? No. You're not you're not a Star Trek nerd. John, can you help me out? Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:05]

Shinzan is a is a Romulan clone of Captain Picard in Star Trek Nemesis, and it's played by by Tom Hardy. That was my first Tom Hardy. That was that was my, like, exposure to him. Oh, no. I actually I do know what you're talking about. Nobody ever thinks of Tom Hardy as as He could play professor. Not at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:23]

Oh, that would be interesting. Yeah. He is a decent bald guy. I mean, he played counter to to Patrick Stewart. That's interesting. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:30]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:32]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:33]

I would be remiss

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:35]

if we didn't talk about the Star Wars announcements. Are we gonna do that in this episode or should we release two episodes?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:40]

No. I think going. Alright. We just keep going. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:44]

Rolling through. So I I don't think this will take as long. Honestly, it was hope you made it this far. There were a lot

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:52]

were a lot of announcements in this one investor call.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:26:56]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [01:26:58]

Did you buy Disney's stock?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:00]

No. I didn't. Maybe I should. It

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:02]

jumped, like, $25

**SPEAKER_2** [01:27:04]

today. Let me see. I've got it here somewhere. Like, three hours into trading, it was already up $20.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:10]

I you know, they're Disney's in yeah. Look at that. Wow. It ended the day at 21 up.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:15]

It Disney's in a bad spot when you stop and think about it. Right? Because they've got a lot invested in, first of all, actual physical cinema.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:23]

Yep. We've got a lot invested in sports. Right? ESPN and that whole whole bit, which has, you know we we've had sports this year, but it's not been a great year for sports. And anybody that watch baseball knows what I'm talking about.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:35]

Uh-huh. And then on top of that, you've got the parks. Right? And and those are I mean, California is still completely shut down. You got the cruises.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:43]

Those are still not sailing.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:47]

Disney stock was pretty low. Like, it it come down quite a bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:50]

This

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:52]

content,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:52]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:54]

Contentpalooza,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:55]

I don't even know what to call it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:27:57]

Is is I think their chance to, like, rebuild some of their brand that is is just clearly hurting right now. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:04]

this is a good move for them. And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:07]

it's it's so funny because the the headlines for the announcements were Marvel and Star Wars. The Pixar and Disney animation stuff came kinda later, you know? They're

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:16]

they're hedging their bets in the right place. So we're in the middle of The Mandalorian season two,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:28:20]

and I know, John, you don't like The Mandalorian. It has gotten decidedly better in the last really, the last three episodes. Today's episode was So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:29]

so the the problem with The Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_1** [01:28:32]

You think that it's character development,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:28:34]

but The Mandalorian has zero character development until this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:40]

I well, I I absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:42]

disagree with that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:43]

think the problem with The Mandalorian for many people is that it builds upon

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:49]

the TV shows, in particular, Clone Wars and Rebels. There's a lot of that lore. This episode, there's actually lore from the books. I I was I was actually thinking about this today

**SPEAKER_0** [01:28:59]

on on the episode they released. I think this is the first time that the Canon books and their material has been a direct storyline in the Operation Cinder bit. Right? That's that's from the Alvin This

**SPEAKER_1** [01:29:10]

is referenced in the Squadron's video game too.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:14]

Which which is also which is also related.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:16]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:18]

And but again, they're they're bringing in some of that, like, tertiary stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:23]

So so anyhow, I think Mandalorian season two is doing pretty good. I thought season one was pretty good. I liked it. I I understand that it it was slow at times. I think there's a beauty to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:33]

It's giving It is a beautiful show.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:35]

Yeah. Oh, yeah. Cinematography is second to none. Right? They're they're doing two new spin offs. Yep. So the first one is Rangers of the New Republic,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:29:45]

which I don't I don't entirely know what that's about.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:48]

I'm if I'm not mistaken, I'm pretty sure

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:52]

that it's following the the x wing pilot who has kind of

**SPEAKER_2** [01:29:57]

like made appearances throughout multiple episodes as he's like searching down the Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:03]

I think it's following him and some other Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:07]

It's basic The the guys Lone Ranger style. Okay. In the in the Outback of the of

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:13]

There the are guys that show up when he's on the the ice planet or whatnot. Those are the guys. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that would be interesting. And then he pops back up when they're on

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:23]

I think on Tatooine

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:25]

or wherever. Oh. He pops back up again. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:28]

Well, that could be interesting. I think, you know, it's this we're in this period post

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:32]

Empire,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:34]

before Force Awakens, not post Empire, post Return of the Jedi, before Force Awakens. There's a lot that happens in the books. We're starting to get some of that in The Mandalorian. We're getting bits and pieces.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:45]

Another spin off is Ahsoka,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:48]

and I I haven't told Lucy yet. She's gonna lose her mind.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:30:52]

And she's gonna flip out.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:30:54]

I that you let her listen this far

**SPEAKER_0** [01:30:57]

so that she can hear when you say She's in she's in a lawn demo. I don't know when she's going to. But I I gotta think they're gonna they're gonna cast

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:04]

Rosario Dawson on this. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:07]

It confirmed. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:31:08]

Awesome. They confirmed it yesterday. I That she's in Their casting with her was unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:16]

great.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:17]

She got

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:18]

older Ahsoka down, I thought fantastically.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:31:22]

This just goes to show that all those nerds out there that do fantasy castings actually might know what they're talking about because people have wanted her cast in that role since Clone Wars debut her. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:35]

Speaking of Clone Wars,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:37]

another announcement was Star Wars The Bad Batch, which is gonna be an animated show. And and,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:43]

you know, we talked about what if on the Marvel side. I'm not, like, real excited about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:48]

Star Wars has done animated TV

**SPEAKER_0** [01:31:50]

really well. Like, Clone Wars and Rebels are it's just some some great TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:31:56]

I'm, like, nine episodes into Clone Wars.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:31:58]

Apparently, it gets good after that. Haven't you

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:01]

haven't you been nine episodes in the Clone Wars for a month now? Two this week. We finished both of them. So So with with Clone Wars, have to get through season one. There's there's a point, and I I could tell you the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:13]

I could describe it to you,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:16]

in which the whole show gets better. It's like they find their stride. It's this episode where the the clones are, like, defending a base. It's the only episode that actually has some swearing in it. It

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:27]

stands out. After that episode, though, Clone Wars finds its stride. I I wanna say it's like in the late teens.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:34]

So just just hang in there. Once you get into season two, three, and four, it just it just keeps getting better.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:40]

But the there's the reference to the Bad Batch throughout Clone Wars. Right? And they're gonna actually do a show about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:46]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:47]

because of Clone Wars, this will definitely be something that I go and watch, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:32:54]

Patrick, you're you watched Clone Wars. Right?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:32:57]

Yeah. For sure. No. I'm excited.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:00]

I'm glad

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:02]

with them getting rid of whitewashing

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:06]

Star Wars history.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:08]

I'm glad that they're taking the time to actually expand on what

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:14]

what they have now. Even if they don't go through and do our favorite storylines and things like that. I'm excited, especially with all these releases to see them actually do things like the Bad Badge. It's mentioned multiple times in Clone Wars, but it's still

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:28]

almost a little obscure. Scrubs the surface. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:31]

Right? And so for them to dive into that,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:33:35]

and the same thing with, Andor. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:38]

Like, that that's exciting. I think there's there's a lot of potential there. So I can't remember, John. Did you like Rogue One? Feel like we've had this discussion. Yeah. Rogue One is in my top

**SPEAKER_1** [01:33:49]

don't remember how to put it. Five.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:51]

Absolutely. Yeah. It's in my top five too. It it I I always actually

**SPEAKER_0** [01:33:55]

it's usually my top four, believe it or not. Sometimes my top three depending on what I've been drinking.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:00]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:01]

I enjoyed Diego Luna as as Andor.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:05]

And I think that Rogue One is a complete story. Right? And and the the sad thing about that is when it's done, your your characters are are done too. Right? Every everybody dies, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:17]

it makes Rogue One

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:19]

just it it leaves you with a little bit of bitterness. Right? It's as awesome as it is because these characters go away. So we're gonna get Andor, and this will be, a prequel to Rogue One because

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:30]

there there is no Andor after Rogue One.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:33]

We gotta wait till 2022.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:35]

I'm just I'm just glad to see that they're gonna do this. I think the other thing that I would like to see them do,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:41]

and I'm drawing a blank on his name, the guy who takes care of,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:47]

Jin. What's his name? Played by,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:34:51]

the guy with the lazy eye.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:34:55]

Never heard him talk about Mads Mikkelsen? No. No. No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:00]

He appears in Rebels two. It'll come to me later. I'd like to see them do a story that that that covers him a little more more deeply

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:07]

and and kinda dig into that, what happens after

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:11]

his appearance in Clone Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:14]

It's gonna come to me. I'm I'm like, I'm so close. I am so close. I'm very intrigued that how Forest Whitaker, Saga Yeah. Gale That's what I'm thinking about. Oh, Saga. Oh, I thought you were talking about Galen Ursula. No no no. I mean, Galen Her dad. So that okay. Galen, they covered actually pretty extensively in a book, Catalyst, which is a prequel to Rogue One. I don't know if they need to dig into him, but but Sagareira to me, there's in in between the point which he appears in Clone Wars, and he does he does pop up in Rebels very briefly.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:42]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:43]

know, Rogue One, there's there's a window there where I'd like to know a little bit more about

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:48]

the organization that he formulated.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:52]

You know, we'll we'll have wait we'll have wait on that one. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:55]

so those are the two Mandalorian spin offs. We talked about Bad Batch.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:35:59]

The Acolyte

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:01]

was another announcement.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:03]

This is High Republic. High Republic, they're they're gonna boot in books starting in January. So in January, this will be the first High Republic book. I think, you know, one of the downsides to what you call the whitewashing, what Disney did when they erased

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:17]

a huge swath

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:18]

of the the Star Wars history is they got rid of, like, the Knights of the Old Republic, and they like, the the things that came

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:26]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:28]

Phantom Menace.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:30]

We're we're gonna get some of that back, and this show is is related to all of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:35]

I I think this is a great opportunity for some new video games too.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:36:39]

Oh, for sure. More video games. I mean

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:42]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:43]

John, you loved Knights of the Old Republic, didn't you? I did. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:47]

So wouldn't you love to have some of those characters in Fallen Order though?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:51]

You'll get through it. You'll get through it.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:54]

But but

**SPEAKER_0** [01:36:56]

was it Revan? Raven? Grievan. Right? Was Darth Revan. Potentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:02]

there's rumors that he's already been cast. Oh, see, that would be that would be fantastic. I would love Keanu Reeves. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:13]

Blue lightsaber, red lightsaber.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:16]

That was like a a double nerd reference there.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:20]

What I what I think we haven't seen in the the, like, accepted canonical

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:25]

cinema

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:27]

is actual Sith society and culture.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:31]

Mhmm. I don't I don't I'm assuming they're gonna do something with it in High Republic.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:35]

That's my hope, though. I think that there's a whole

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:38]

venue

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:39]

of characters

**SPEAKER_0** [01:37:40]

and storylines

**SPEAKER_1** [01:37:42]

that I'm just looking forward to to probing. So what you're saying is this could be the most exciting announcement for me

**SPEAKER_1** [01:37:49]

of the whole thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:37:51]

I mean, maybe you you like knights of the old republic. So yeah. And I love the sith, but I didn't even This was tweeted about, was it? I didn't see anything about this. Did they put Favreau in charge of Star Wars?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:03]

Is he in charge of all of Star Wars for Disney right now, or is he just in charge of Mandalorian? Mandalorian. But he's also been working with the and I can't I'm drawing a blank on his name now. The guy who did the the creative work behind rebels and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:17]

clone wars. Yeah. I know he's a I know he's a producer. So, you know, I think if if they can I I gotta imagine that Fabro's gonna want something bigger than than a show? It would be great if maybe we get some high republic movies. Maybe you could if you could spearhead that for us. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:32]

acolyte and then Lando

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:34]

was another one that was announced.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:36]

Did you guys know what they meant when they said an event series?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:38:41]

I'm assuming it's gonna be like a two or three parter.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:44]

I I didn't. So so I I had to look this up. Apparently, an event series is like 24. You remember how, like, there's a singular event that's spread over multiple episodes. And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:54]

it's like a long form movie. Okay. That's apparently the plan with this Lando.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:38:58]

And I I have not seen any confirmation about casting for this.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:04]

Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:06]

my gosh. I'm so bad tonight. Who was it in solo? Donald Glover. I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:10]

would hope that they would get Donald Glover

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:14]

in into this. It yeah. It would be a loss if they didn't. He was I like solo. I'm a I'm a fan. Too. I might be in the middle why it took so long for me to see it

**SPEAKER_1** [01:39:24]

because it got such bad press at the beginning. It it did. But, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:29]

I think they did a great job of salvaging it. My biggest disappointment is that they've they've not continued that, because I think they could have done done more with it. It really comes down to the who they casted for for the solo character, really. I think that was the worst part of the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:42]

This says that there's nothing has been confirmed with either Billy Dee Williams or Donald Glover.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:47]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:48]

we can hope. I like Billy Dee Williams, he's he's not doing anything else. You know, he's available.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:39:54]

Do we know, like Sitting on his couch and cashing checks. Is it a young Lando?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:39:59]

We we don't know. I didn't see I I was looking at this. I don't think they said anything

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:04]

about the substance of this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:07]

particular

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:09]

show. No. So but again, it's an event series, which I think that that is interesting. You know? What's the event? I'd like to know a little bit more about that. I'm sure we'll get details. You know? It's just a matter of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:22]

A droid story.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:24]

This this seemed like a filler to me. Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:28]

we get

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:29]

a new hero alongside r two d two and c three p o.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:33]

Yeah. I think this was announced I think they announced like the name a while back.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:38]

Around the time they announced Obi Wan, they announced a droid story and didn't say anything about it. They just announced it. I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:45]

So they're just kind of panning out a little more information. I mean, it's like what if, you know what I mean? I think there's some really heavy hitting announcements.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:40:55]

And then there's the The fillers. Yeah. The filler.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:40:59]

Do have either of you guys ever been into anime?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:41:04]

Yes. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:06]

So did this did this Star Wars Visions announcement interest you? This is an anime anthology

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:12]

in the Star Wars universe. I

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:16]

American

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:17]

versions of anime never typically go well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:21]

Ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:23]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:23]

I've never gotten into anime. So I don't even like I saw this. It's like, okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:29]

Yeah. It's it'll be interesting to see what they do. I mean, it's a it's a

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:34]

an animation style that they can

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:37]

use

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:38]

pretty heavily, I think, to explore some.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:41]

It's faster than digital animation,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:43]

at least in the traditional sense if they're not doing character modeling and stuff like that. Sure. So they might be able to churn out some some quick, fast paced stories relatively

**SPEAKER_2** [01:41:52]

relatively easy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:54]

So we've got two additional movies were announced.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:41:58]

Star Wars Rogue Rogue Squadron.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:00]

We don't know at what point in time the Rogue Squadron movie takes place. I don't believe. I didn't see anything indicating that. Rogue Squadron is obviously

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:08]

the squadron that come on, John. Fill in the blank.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:12]

Destroys the Death Star? Well, yeah. Yeah. What

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:17]

are you looking for, Stan? Skywalker flies in the Rogue squadron. Red five. One

**SPEAKER_1** [01:42:22]

question is, yeah, is he is he manning red five? You know, red five see the previous red five go down? Because I made one of this. Was it a rogue one? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:32]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:42:33]

I would love to just know what point in the in the time that takes place. But again, like, I'm I can't possibly imagine not loving another Star Wars movie about x wings. Like, you know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:42:45]

Have you guys seen the the fan casting for young

**SPEAKER_2** [01:42:49]

or older Luke Skywalker? No. If he appears in the Mandalorian? No. No.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:42:56]

The same guy that plays a winter soldier? Shut the front door.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:43:01]

You should look it up side by side. It's actually kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:05]

kind of surprising how similar. I would love that. I would love that. Because I I will I will say I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:10]

think the Luke Skywalker we got in The Last Jedi

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:14]

was just a little over the top, like, you know, like you

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:20]

you could look at him and say, oh, Mark Mark Hamill spent a lot of years playing or doing voice work for the Joker.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:26]

Right? You know? And we got we got the Joker version of Luke Skywalker.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:33]

Know? Yeah. So I would love I would love to recast Luke. I think it's it's time. They've been avoiding doing that. It's kinda like the books, actually. The the books, the canon books have avoided with one exception, and it's the worst Star Wars book that's been written since the Disney acquisition.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:43:50]

They've avoided touching the Luke character, and I I don't I don't know why. Like, he's not sacred. Let's let's get into it, you know? He's not even that great of a character overall. He's not. He's not.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:02]

There's another untitled movie

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:04]

by I can't I can never say his name. Taika

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:07]

what what wait. Taika Wadi. Say that 10 times fast. Who who made Ragnarok. Right? Apparently, he's got an untitled Star Wars movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:16]

I I'm curious if this is gonna be a standalone or it's gonna be part of a new trilogy or what if they're gonna try and do like a whole, you know, universe like the MCU, what the plan is there.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:26]

But we're getting a new Star Wars movie, which I think is good.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:29]

Interestingly

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:30]

Is it good?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:32]

I I I wanna think that it is. Alright. I I would like to see so so here's the thing. Right? You take a step back and you look at the non Skywalker Star Wars movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:42]

Right? Rogue One Yep. Solo. Yep. They're they're pretty good, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:48]

So maybe maybe we'll get some really great content outside of the Skywalker saga, and I think that that should be okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:44:55]

They the the guys who did Game of Thrones, their movie's been scrapped. I think there was somebody oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:45:01]

Rian Johnson originally was gonna get, like, 13 different Star Wars movies. Those have all been scrapped

**SPEAKER_0** [01:45:07]

Yeah. Which is which is good. I think it's good for the franchise. You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:12]

I think that Favreau was given a trilogy that I saw I don't I remember I saw that somewhere that I don't know if that's confirmed. You know, I feel like I remember Speculation was that speculation was that was gonna be most likely Knights of the Old Republic style.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:28]

It's

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:29]

also been rumored that they're going to completely erase

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:32]

the Kathleen Kennedy trilogy

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:35]

of the last seven years and redo it. No way. No way. I I don't see them doing it. Hey, man. They erased thirty years of books

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:44]

in one night. Yeah. That's true. That's true. You know what I mean? Although, I mean So they could they could Star Wars story it, and

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:52]

they could do a completely

**SPEAKER_2** [01:45:55]

alternate take.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:45:56]

I I think they just need to move on from the Skywalker saga. I you know? I'm with you. The the the problem with that last trilogy is it's very clear that they did not have a plan when they set out to make them. You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:09]

I think they had a plan and then they didn't wanna do what JJ Abrams wanted to do.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:13]

Hell, maybe. It could be. So they made a chase movie where the chase movie is going at five miles an hour through space. With with a weird Casino Royale scene It's a hell of it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:25]

Hell of a chase. Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:28]

Yeah. Well and, you know, let's not even get into the science of all that. Right? I I will never forget that opening bomber run series. I'm like, things don't fall in space.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:37]

You know? And then later on later on, came out of the book. They're like, there were magnets in the bombs. I'm like, oh, that's convenient. That's really convenient.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:45]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:47]

The the other big news was around Obi Wan,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:51]

which Ewan McGregor is gonna play Obi Wan. I'm I'm presuming that this takes place before

**SPEAKER_0** [01:46:56]

A New Hope.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:46:59]

Ten years after Revenge of the Sith. Perfect. Perfect.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:03]

We have seen Obi Wan

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:06]

in in the lead up to A New Hope very briefly in Rebels,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:10]

where he actually slays Darth Maul, finally closes out that story.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:15]

And I I they did great with that. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:18]

we don't really learn much about him though apart from the interactions with Ezra. So I'm looking forward to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:25]

I ain't gonna lie. You were talking about bad casting earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:31]

Christian Haydnisson,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:32]

is Darth Darth Vader in this? Like, really? Hating Christianson.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:47:35]

He's oh, when I say Christian Haydnson? Yeah. The one and the only jumper. So I don't I don't necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [01:47:42]

I mean, he's gonna be inside the Darth Vader suit. You know, he's gonna take a helmet to be point though?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:47:49]

But he's still gonna have the the voice changer, hopefully. I mean, they might canonize something new. As long as he doesn't yell no, like, at the end of episode three.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:04]

Next to Jar Jar Binks, is there anything more criticized than Hayden Christensen from the first trilogy?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:11]

I don't like sand.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:14]

It's coarse, and it gets everywhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:48:20]

Episode two could have been really good.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:22]

It could have been. Only like two to one to two, Randy. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:26]

Jesus.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:48:29]

Like How how do we far are we into this thing? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:33]

That's definitely the loopy point. A minute forty eight, we got loopy. Hour forty eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:38]

A minute forty yes. See, here we go. Here we go. Alright. It's alright. John will edit that. He'll fix it all up. No. But I I don't I don't know, man. When I saw this, I was like, who who thought this was a good idea?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:48:50]

You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:48:52]

I mean, the alternative is recasting it, and then there's a continuity problem where it just looks weird. He does take his helmet off, you know what I mean? Like,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:03]

I I can at a certain point, you just have to eat it. And he's not a bad actor.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:09]

And the things he's done since

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:11]

that movie, he has grown considerably as an actor. Like

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:18]

Have you watched jumper? One of the greatest movies of all time? I don't think so because he was in. Joke.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:23]

No. That that was a joke. That was a joke. Let's see.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:29]

See, you don't know. This is you're you're proving my point as you're sitting there googling.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:33]

Alright. Am I not I'm not thinking oh, no. I'm not thinking of the same person. No. He hasn't done anything. Hating Christians and no.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:41]

No. He hasn't.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:43]

What other Star Wars character am I thinking of that's had a fantastic career

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:48]

since?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:49:49]

Harrison Ford?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:49:52]

Natalie Portman?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:49:53]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:49:55]

Oh, this is gonna bother me. Well, you keep thinking on that while we talk about whether or not there is any merit

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:00]

to having Hayden Christensen

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:03]

reprise his role as Anakin Skywalker.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:06]

I know Robert Pattinson

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:08]

as Batman was the role. Was not a Star Wars character, Twilight.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:12]

But that's what I was thinking of. That's where that comparison came from. We need the He has had an amazing career

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:19]

since he was in Twilight. Absolutely. Twilight people in Star Wars now. But but yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:26]

I I would take Twilight people over Hayden Christiansen. I just I don't see how this goes well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:31]

I just like,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:34]

it's I don't I mean, how often does the Mandalorian take off his mask?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:39]

Have you seen the last days? I'm sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:42]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:44]

not gonna answer your question then.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:46]

Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:50]

They had to do one thing. One

**SPEAKER_2** [01:50:53]

thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:55]

Wow. Spoiler alert. I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:50:59]

I think that there is a chance that this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:02]

might have compromised the whole Obi Wan show. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:51:06]

It still has Even Gregor can cover a multitude of sins.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:10]

Okay. Except Phantom Menace.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:13]

He was in that. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:16]

He was a good part of Phantom Menace. He was very young at that point too. He was the only good part of Phantom Menace. No. Qui Gon was awesome as well. Okay. Qui Gon was good. Yeah. Like, you you said he can cover a multitude. Darth Maul? Darth Maul. Listen. Darth Maul was only good because of what happened in Clone Wars and Rebels.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:34]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:35]

He's the coolest character that they did so little with. You know, after Phantom Menace I mean, it was so ridiculous. Right? Every poster had Darth Maul on it. Yep. They had all these Darth Maul action figures. He had the cool lightsaber,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:47]

and then he was like a fart in the wind in the show or in the movie. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:51]

And and he had great fight scene at the end, but then, like, he you know, he's he's gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:56]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:51:57]

ugh. You could get me all worked up. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:01]

I guess my point, because we're all over the map here, is when they announced that they were casting Hayden Christensen as Darth Vader,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:08]

to me it was like, this is the same kind of wackadoodle crap that got us the last three movies. Right? This is the same bonkers kind of thinking that that had a chase movie in space

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:21]

that defies physics.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:23]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:24]

This is the same kind of logic that's like, oh, a scene on Canto Bight would be wonderful. That'd be a lot of fun even though it adds absolutely nothing to the story,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:33]

you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:35]

So I I'm How do you really feel, Stan? I love Star Wars. I truly love Star Wars. I did this as a kid. I'd like, this was not something I grew up with. This is an adult thing for me, and I am really looking forward to more Star Wars content. I am loving The Mandalorian.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:49]

I have got so many reservations about Obi Wan, and I didn't when we started.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:52:55]

You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:52:58]

You were right about one thing, master.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:53:00]

The negotiations were short.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:53:04]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:53:06]

There's a lot of potential there, man. I mean, even with Hayden Crinches, and I'm still excited.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:53:11]

I was Now if he'll just leave on his helmet.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:18]

Gosh, Mandalorian, Patrick. I was ecstatic about Obi Wan until this moment. That's all I'm saying. Right? And and am I gonna watch it? Absolutely. I mean, like, there's a bear poop in the woods. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:30]

So I I just

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:33]

I one of the things that I want the Star Wars franchise to do is to leave the things that they've done wrong behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:39]

Right? That's that's like part of the, like, let's get past the Skywalker saga. Right? You had three great movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:44]

Alright? Let's do something different.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:48]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:49]

Real quick, we'll just, like, try and burn through the rest of this because we're gonna round out two hours. It'll be the longest episode ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:56]

Pixar and Disney animation.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:53:58]

John, did you get excited by any of these? Did you look at all these?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:02]

I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:04]

I'm more, like, into

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:06]

the actual feature length stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:09]

so I don't really care about this. I'm very much looking forward to Soul when it comes out at the end of the year.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:16]

And then they did the next couple announcements, but they're pretty much sticking with their same release schedule.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:54:21]

Doug Days, that didn't interest you? No. Not really. Doug the dog from Up. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:27]

That's one of my favorite Pixar movies. It is a very good Pixar movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:54:31]

And Doug is arguably one of the most important characters in the whole movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:54:35]

Okay. We'll have to have this argument at a different time. No. I'm I'm just I'm just

**SPEAKER_0** [01:54:40]

Hours Yeah. Six. Of this debate when we come back. A car series that that follows, like, a queen and maker? Cars

**SPEAKER_0** [01:54:48]

franchise. I'm not I'm not surprised. That's that's probably, like, five years too late. Well, that's that's fair. That's fair. They should've this. They didn't have a venue to do it. Like, they would not have done this on the Disney Channel, you know? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:03]

Luca,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:04]

there's a movie of Italy

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:07]

Yeah. So I'll watch that. That's a feature length film coming out next year. Turning Red, it's about a 13 year old girl going through puberty

**SPEAKER_1** [01:55:15]

transforms into a giant red panda. In the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:18]

inside out vein of things. So it could Maybe. I gotta tell you though, I'd like the idea of watching a movie, an animated movie about a 13 year old girl going through puberty.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:27]

Not not really like the top of my bill. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:55:30]

That bear or red panda or whatever it is. Yeah. Red panda. That is terrifying. That is nightmare fuel.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:43]

Lightyear.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:55:44]

And So this was interesting. Buzz Lightyear. Yeah. So I'll probably That's I'll probably check this out.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:55:51]

I'm not thrilled with the fact that Tim Allen isn't

**SPEAKER_1** [01:55:56]

Buzz.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:55:58]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:55:59]

Yeah. I I don't know how you like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:01]

first

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:02]

of all, what what's an origin story for a toy look like?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:56:06]

Well, it's gotta jump into

**SPEAKER_1** [01:56:09]

Zurg and all that stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:56:11]

I mean, he's got a backstory that hasn't been explored

**SPEAKER_1** [01:56:15]

and probably has been explored, but not in-depth.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:18]

Supposedly,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:19]

what I was reading today is they they discussed it as the

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:23]

real life story of the person that the toy was based on. Okay.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:28]

So

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:29]

might be looking more

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:33]

along the lines of like the adventures of an actual like astronaut that

**SPEAKER_2** [01:56:37]

Buzz Lightyear is than the toys then based on.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:41]

And that that could then explain why you would have somebody else do the voice work. I like Chris Evans, you know. Sure. I there's some I really Chris Evans and and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:51]

Tim Allen, you know, being, like, such political

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:54]

opposites and then and represent the same character.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:56:57]

There's a part of me though that that looked at this as, like, they they can't just let a good story conclude,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:03]

you know, with with Toy Story, and they gotta figure out a way to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:07]

belabor it. And I I I just don't think it's necessary. Hopefully, this turns out well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:15]

We'll just have to wait and see. We'll have to wait and see. To be fair, I didn't love how the story concluded.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:57:20]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [01:57:21]

Yeah. I I I Speaking of character development, Woody went against everything that his character had built up to. Yeah. They just threw it all away. They did. They did.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:57:34]

Does it count as walking out of a movie if I watch Toy Story four at home and turn it off?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:40]

It's close. It's definitely close. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:43]

Nat Geo announced a show with Hemsworth and the show with Will Smith.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:49]

I can't say this interests me much. Not even Will Smith?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:53]

I mean, I'll I'll probably watch. I don't know, man. Like, the the topics actually don't even sound interesting, you know? So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:57:59]

Hemsworth is gonna test how far you can push the human body. Right? Uh-huh. And Will Smith is gonna embark on an awe inspiring journey to unlock the secrets of this planet's most extraordinary unexplained phenomenon.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:12]

Yeah. I don't know. I don't know why I need Will Smith to do that. You know? Because he wants to be the next Morgan Freeman.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:19]

Yeah. It could be. It could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:21]

There was this is how I wanna end this. Right? Unless unless there's something else that interests you fellas, maybe the ice age spin off.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:29]

Indiana Jones

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:31]

Nope. Five. Yep.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:36]

Rest in peace, Sean Conner. Yeah. How do you

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:39]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:40]

so first of all, there was no mention of Shia LaBeouf, so I gotta think that he's not in it. Is he in jail? He was in jail. I would actually I would be fine.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:48]

No. He's out. He's reformed.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:58:51]

I would actually be happy if he was in it. I didn't mind his character. I think the fourth one was just bad as writing. It

**SPEAKER_0** [01:58:58]

was just all over the place. It definitely it definitely was all over the place. I don't think the aliens angle

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:04]

was the right one for

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:07]

for any of that, quite honestly.

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:09]

Not for a motion picture. It's fine in the books,

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:13]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:14]

not in not in a in an actual movie. I I don't you know, so I don't mind Shia LaBeouf

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:19]

generally.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:20]

Like, I actually liked him as Sam Woodwicky a lot, you know, way back in the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:24]

I just didn't care for him in Indiana Jones four. I didn't care for the dynamic between him and Harrison Ford.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:31]

Harrison Ford's gonna reprise his role, and they did say that this is the last Indiana Jones.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:37]

So I guess they're trying to get it right before before they wrap it up. I think that's an acknowledgment on their part that four was not good.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:45]

You know? I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:59:47]

four made me realize that they should have just been done at three. You know?

**SPEAKER_2** [01:59:53]

Well, I mean, three wrapped it up perfectly, and it's one of the greatest movies of all time. Yes. I there's no argument for me there.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:01]

So what do you think they do? Right? Like, I mean, they've they've they've covered the holy grail. They've covered aliens. Like, what's what's left to mess with in Indiana Jones' side? Be a biblical artifact, doesn't it? Every other one?

**SPEAKER_1** [02:00:13]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:15]

it that that would be logical, but I I just don't know where you go after that last one. That's the thing. For it surprised me, first of I wasn't expecting

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:22]

Indiana Jones five. But then again, like, where do you go

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:25]

after that fourth movie?

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:29]

I guess you open open

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:31]

up the pages of a Dan Brown book and do some research and You you could do that or what if they discovered the Stargate?

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:42]

I I'm just saying, like, I I think we've got a limited number of options

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:47]

to move forward from this point. And if if the whole thing ends with him discovering the Stargate and it's swallowing up the Indiana Jones character,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:54]

honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:00:55]

they they might have earned it after number four.

**SPEAKER_2** [02:00:57]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:00]

Alright. On that note, I think I think this has been a a pretty healthy

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:04]

episode of content. It

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:06]

I was blown away by just how much Disney dropped. Yeah. And I'm really looking forward. And you know what? I totally understand why they're gonna increase the monthly price by a dollar. I I get it. But we're locked in for another two years. A dollar.

**SPEAKER_2** [02:01:19]

Netflix just went up by $2. Who's

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:22]

increasing their price too? Everybody seems to be I mean, you know, when Disney Plus came out, they were trying to undercut everybody. The only person that undercut them was it was Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [02:01:30]

2020,

**SPEAKER_1** [02:01:31]

man?

**SPEAKER_1** [02:01:32]

Like, bandwidth has gotta be sky high this year. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:38]

you know, they they've got 83,000,000

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:39]

subscribers.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:41]

This is gonna go a long way. They're they're also, you know, building out the bundle. They they also made announcements about Hulu shows that we didn't even, like, cover.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:50]

I think I think the bundle is is a pretty compelling subscription. I don't have it right now, but but I definitely could see

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:57]

possibly doing that.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:01:59]

How else will I watch Family Matters, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:01]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:02]

it's good content. I'm sure we'll have more to say about it as we progress.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:07]

Patrick,

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:07]

thank you. Thank you for spending two hours of your evening letting us pepper you with questions and comics.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:14]

And

**SPEAKER_2** [02:02:15]

I'm super happy that you guys have me on the show. I really couldn't

**SPEAKER_1** [02:02:18]

have it without you. I would not have had as much to add to this this

**SPEAKER_1** [02:02:22]

topic specifically. When

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:25]

I saw this list, I was like, I have so many questions. I have so many questions, you know, And and Patrick's the guy to go to. So so we'll have to maybe we'll revisit this this

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:35]

this partnership here after we get some WandaVision out and we are able to decipher exactly what all that's about.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:42]

But that'll be a 2021 thing because we're wrapping up for 2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [02:02:46]

Thank God. Alright. On that note, this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

