---
title: Amazon Sidewalk Vs. Apple WWDC Focus on Privacy
episode: 138
date: '2021-06-08T13:50:29.000Z'
slug: amazon-sidewalk-vs-apple-wwdc-focus-on-privacy/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Okay, John. It's a big day. We've got a lot to cover

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

because there was an Apple event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

There was an Apple event on Monday. The question is, should I release this episode sooner than Thursday?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

I mean, you could try and just see what happens. Like, what do you got to lose? Right? Nothing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Could really trip up you could really trip up, Mark

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

Right. By, by having earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

Joe would have to take a shower earlier in the week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

you know? Which is saying something because he is a teacher on summer vacation right now. Right? Yeah. Well, yeah. Matt would have to wash his dishes earlier than Thursday. I mean, there's there's a whole bunch of things. Lucy would have to mow the lawn sooner. There's a whole bunch of things that could be thrown off if you release this early. And I I think, you know what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Try it. The world could use a little chaos.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

We'll we'll see what the listener response is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Yeah. Well, alright. So the the big the big news today, Apple event,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

it's the it's the kind of Apple event, though, that most people don't hear about because it's the Apple Worldwide Developer Conference keynote. We're gonna talk about it. We're gonna talk about the State of the Union, but we got two we got two things we gotta get out the way first. And I I don't know, did you reorganize these or was Amazon sidewalk always the the first one? I reorganized them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

Okay. Alright. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Because I I really wanted to get to the second one apparently. Alright. So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

you you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

sent me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

a link to an article about Amazon sidewalk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

and then created mass panic in my life. Do you want to summarize what this was?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

So basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:55]

it's like Amazon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

is open sourcing your WiFi network through your devices by default. It's an opt out of program, not an opt into program. So at first, I wanna object to your choice of words here. I would not say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

open source because open source is a good and righteous thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

and I don't know. I've personally, I found this a little concerning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

Yes. I would agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

I think they're trying to create, like, a neighborhood mesh network. That's that's what I perceive this to be. Right? If everybody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

with either an Alexa or a Ring it's not doorbells as far as I can tell. It's just some of the cameras. I'm sure the next generation of the Ring doorbell will participate. But with with those devices, they opt in and they create, like, a a broadband network that's available

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

to, I guess, anyone. I mean, one of the things that that kinda tripped me up is it wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

really clear to me who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

actually gets to use this bandwidth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

Yeah. So that's the problem, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

I mean, I think so. I'm Mike, I have this suspicion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

that this is probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

a play

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

for things like tiles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:05]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

I don't know, maybe other maybe other stuff. Well, I guess if you're location. Going for a walk and listening to music instead of burning through data, then you can stay on WiFi the whole time. Yeah. But why in that situation, why does Amazon care? You know, like Yeah. This is what this is what come back to. So I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

I think the benefits of a mesh network

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

are gonna come down to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

Tile, which they they own Tile. Right? Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

Tile just got majorly schooled by Apple with the AirTag.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

My suspicion is that there's also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

like, home security

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

elements to this that could be beneficial. Right? I mean, think about it. I I'm not saying this is what they're doing. I have no idea. I'm just speculating here. But say someone goes to steal a package off your front door. Right? If they have their phone on them and your,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

you know, devices are participating in Apple sidewalk,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

they're gonna like Amazon sidewalk. Amazon I'm sorry. Amazon have lot of Apple today, but it was it's not Apple sidewalk. It's Amazon. Amazon sidewalk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

You can tell what I've been thinking about. No. But but think about it, people are gonna be touching, making contact with these networks. Right? And you're gonna have, I think, factual data about people's geographic presence. You know? People identify when somebody's on vacation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

when someone stole that package off your front door, like, all all kinds of things. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

we really have to wait and see what Amazon's gonna do with it. I think that's what concerns me most though is that at least from what I can tell,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

they're not really clear about that, but they're enabling it anyhow. You know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

I think from the Amazon business perspective,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

assuming that Amazon is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

has any kind of morals,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

it's basically a compete with the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

Apple tag technology where the tags basically bounce off much more securely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

any iOS device. I I think that's probably a large part of it. I there also could be ad targeting involved. I mean, quite honestly. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

you if your device connects to an Amazon sidewalk network,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

you there's gonna be a whole bunch of information that they learn about you. Imagine if somebody has an Alexa that is sidewalk enabled sitting above a mom and pop boutique that sells, I don't know, blouses. Right? Yep. You walk by, maybe you go in, and now Amazon knows that you're interested in blouses. Right? Right. I don't know. I I think I don't have a problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

the kind of mesh networking that, like, is is leveraged in fine mind, things of that sort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

I think it is a very powerful tool with a lot of implications. And if you don't spell out those implications, it doesn't matter how secure you say they are. Right? Right. Which this the the website, when you look at this, definitely says, hey. It's secure. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

So if you have what? It's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

the most couple recent generations of Echo devices,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:05]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:06]

Ring doorbell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

video camera. No. It's not the doorbell. Not the doorbell. Yeah. So this is interesting. I got the list right here. So first and foremost, Echo third generation newer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

right, which is not that old, honestly. Echo Dot third generation and newer. Echo Dot for kids, which is just a little bit creepy. Yep. Echo Dot with clock, Echo Plus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

Echo Show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

Echo Show or excuse me, second generation, Echo Show five, eight, and 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

I don't know what that means. Echo Spot, Echo Studio, Echo Input, Echo Flex. Right? So those are the Echo's. Odds are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

if you've bought an Echo or an Echo Dot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

like, recently at all, It probably supports this. Now the rings are the floodlight cam, the spotlight cam,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

and the spotlight cam mount,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

which is peculiar to me, but I I don't know enough about the spotlight cams. So there are no doorbells

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

yet. I gotta imagine I mean, the first of all, Ring's doorbell models are relatively old. They were released a while ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

Right. I gotta think there's a revision coming, probably with a whole bunch of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

cool new features, maybe a more high res camera, and I bet it'll have a sidewalk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

So if you don't wanna be part of this Amazon experiment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

it's relatively easy to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

opt out of this because you are opting by default. I don't think it's I don't think it's relatively easy to opt out at all. Oh, it's definitely it's not transparent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

But if you go to your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

Amazon Alexa app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

open more and select settings,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

then you select account settings,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

and then Amazon Sidewalk is listed there. You can turn that off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

Yeah. I again, I still don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

there's anything

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

easy or obvious about it. And again, like you said, it's on by default, which I think that that is the thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

that That's makes this messy. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

So if people wanna opt into it, cool. Like, do it. You know? But defaulting it on for all these devices, basically, sharing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

and well, and here's the other thing too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

I own Alexas. I mean, I did. They've they've all been recycled at this point, but Amazon knows I I was an Alexa owner. I still see, you know, the Alexa wish list and and, like, all that stuff. I think it's enabled when you you do an Alexa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

out the gate. I have gotten zero emails

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

about this. Have you gotten any? I have not gotten any emails, and I am a current Alexa owner. Yeah. Well and so that leads me to my next question, John, which is, I mean, are you gonna continue to do Alexa?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:42]

So that leads into our next podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:45]

talking point. Oh, boy. Alright. So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:50]

before we jump there, I will say I am a Ring user, but I've been debating leaving Ring because I've moving everything to HomeKit. I think this this is like an arrow in HomeKit's cap. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

Yeah. Arrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

No. That's not how the expression goes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

Arrow in A feather. A feather in the cap? Yeah. Feather Feather in the This is good. Alright. Arrow in the quiver?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

There that's that's what it is. I'm always mixing up my metaphors. So, dear listener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:16]

we have a note that we prepare, and I say prepare very loosely. Sometimes we write stuff down There's a bulleted list that generally gives us something to talk about and some kind of order. Whether it's the best order or not is definitely up in the air. Very debatable. But I but I will say this, some weeks we have, like, one thing. Other weeks we have a 100 things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

and up until today, during the Apple event, there were there were really just two things on this list. Right. And one of them was cleaning up the budget and then parentheses in some surprises for Stan. And so I had bumped this up to number one because, one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

I do I'm not very patient, and I don't like the wait for surprises.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

Two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

like, it was just begging to be talked about first. Nonetheless, here we are. Second list second event on the list. Go ahead, John. Right. So cleaning up the budget and some surprises for Stan. So really, cleaning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:04]

up the budget happened because missus Colmire decided that she is not going back to full time teaching next year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

Okay. So I went through and I cleaned up some subscriptions

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

and I canceled Netflix and I canceled Spotify

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

and I subscribed to Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

Woah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

Johnny, when wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. You canceled Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

Does missus Kolmeier know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

She does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:31]

Oh. But you did not. So this happened last week, and I've been keeping it a secret from you, Stan, for well over a week while you've been sending me lots and lots of Apple Music links,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

which I now have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

So so I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

am completely beside myself. This explains why you didn't complain about any of the Apple Music links I sent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

Correct. And it actually seems like you'd listened to them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

I am Alright. So did you did you go Apple one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

I went Apple one. Holy cats. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

Which which level? Which tier? The family. This is the second one. Didn't go to the high tier with the news and the fitness bus and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

Which might change depending on how much stuff gets backed up into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

iCloud, but we might talk about that a little later too. Okay. So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

you that means you also got Apple TV plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:18]

Correct. Which I have not done yet, so we can't talk about that today. Okay. But I can give you some suggestions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

Right? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

Okay. Greyhound is first on my list. Yeah. Greyhound is totally worth it, and it's it's really not a long movie at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

It's it's fantastic. I think Greyhound is easily in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:36]

my top, I don't know, five things on Apple TV plus. I think in general, the content on this as a service

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

is excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

So here's the thing. I need you after Greyhound to watch Ted Lasso.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:50]

Everybody has said this is really good. All of the ads look awful, like something I would never like, but I've been surprised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

People who like So I'm with you. I don't I didn't care for the actor prior to watching this, and I I saw the ads for season one. I like, this is dumb.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

Right? It is, in my opinion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

and and anyone can fight me on this, it is the best show on Apple TV plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

It's funny. It's got, like, good drama. The characters are well written. It's not something that I would ever have thought to pull up, but it is fantastic. I can't wait till season two. You gotta watch season one. I suggest you watch it with missus Kolmeyer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

because I think if you like it, she probably will too. Missus Kollmeyer likes pretty much anything on the screen as long as there's not of not lots of blood and gore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

Fair enough. Fair enough. And the nice thing about Apple TV plus is there's, like, very little gore. The most gore you're gonna get is, I think, in the show C,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

which is actually, I think, pretty good. I think worth watching.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

Mosquito Coast is a little has some I mean, there's guns and violence and stuff, but in my opinion, C's the worst, and it is nowhere near, like, Game of Thrones or Sons of Anarchy level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

There's also very little sexual content,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

when it does occur, it is not very explicit in any any respect. Like, it's it's it's subtle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

So, you know, take it or leave it, whatever you think of But here's here's my here's my advice to you. So first of all, you should watch Ted Lasso because Ted Lasso is freaking awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

I really enjoyed defending Jacob, which stars Captain America.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

The final episode will make you angry. Alright? Wait. Which which Captain America?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

Steve Rogers. Okay. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

so funny. I I can never remember his name, but I can always remember Falcon as Anthony Mackie. So go figure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

Which, by the way, Anthony Mackie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

and Samuel L. Jackson are in The Banker, which is also on Apple TV plus. That's a movie. That is also fantastic and and well done. I think I remember you talking about that one. Yeah. I enjoyed that one. Alright. So you've got Ted Lasso. You get Defending Jacob.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

I really enjoyed For All Mankind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

There are it has high points and low points, but I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

I don't know if you'll like The Morning Show, but I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

Alright? Yeah. Morning Show isn't something that screams go watch right now. It's there are some really great actors and actresses Right. In it, and I watched it for that. So I I think I think it was well done. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

I've been I I just watched Mosquito Coast. I think it was good. It wasn't great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

I really liked Tehran. Very different. If you don't like subtitles, don't mess with it. Truth be told, I think it was the right energy for subtitles?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

Exactly. Truth be told was another good one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

Truth be told was kind of like Serial the podcast, but in a drama show. Have you ever watched Serial?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

Okay. Well or not watched. Listen to, rather. No. What meant. But okay. So those those are the ones that I would I would check out. There are others there's a whole there's honestly just a bunch of great stuff and I haven't even seen it all. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

the elephant movie though. Right? Oh, the elephant movie's freaking horrible. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

elephant queen and it is it is so depressing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

It's gonna get me all messed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

up right now. I can't handle that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

Honestly, it's the saddest thing on the whole the whole thing. I it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

So Her milk was dry, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

The mama the mama elephant's milk was dry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

That's how the that's how the baby elephant died. It doesn't get any worse than that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

I also have access to Apple Arcade now, which I've not used. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

Well, there's a bunch of great stuff on there. I mean, like, a truly bunch of great games. I'll be curious to see what you think. They are, conceptually, I think, very different from the kind of game you like on Xbox. And what I mean by that is Xbox tends to have those titles have deep storylines.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

They have longer gameplay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

Okay. Arcade, I think, appeals to me in the sense that, like, shorter gameplay, less developed story, just kind of fun, like, fill the time. There's a lot of variety, though. So whenever I go to an arcade, I always look for the pinball machine. Is there a pinball game on Apple? Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

there? Is there? What is the name of that one? Mark and I have played it quite a bit, actually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

It's like a three d arcade game. It's a really cool

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

twist on it, and it's it's gonna take me a bit to remember what it is. But now that I know that you have this, I will send you some titles because yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

Sounds good. So I think that's all I have on my current tier and until I pass 200 gigabytes in iCloud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

Well, may your data blow up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

Then I'll have News plus and Fitness plus. Fitness plus, I don't think I would ever use. News plus, I might occasionally send me articles that I need a subscription for. Fit Fitness plus, I think even for you, has some interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

podcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

talking things that you might find interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

So Alright. But Fair enough. We'll leave it at that. Alright. That's day, John. Tying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:00]

into Amazon sidewalk,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

which scared me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

It was either the June.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

I also placed an order for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

an Apple Home Mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Say that again?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

I wonder if they'll pick up on the mic oh my god. It's all wet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

I have the home mini,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

home pod mini. Wait. You have it already? I have it. Oh my gosh. Came one day later.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

So I've been using that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

was putting off buying accessories

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

to replace my smart home ones. So I figured that a nice stepped approach would be okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:42]

But I had a Amazon gift card for my birthday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

so I bought indoor sockets

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

and a home kit enabled garage door opener.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

So really the only thing left will be the outdoor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

socket that's not home kit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

I thought you got the I thought you got the Miros one. I did not. I've got the TP Link one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

Oh, alright. Well, I I'll send you the Miros one because you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

had that qualifier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

before. Yeah. It works great. It works great. I'm I've actually been really pleased with it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

alright. Well, holy So those those come tomorrow. So I will be almost fully in the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

HomeKit ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

I gotta ask, which outlets did you buy? I bought the MIROS outlets. Okay. Well, Miraos smart garage door. May the Miraos smart garage doors have worked fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

fantastically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

for me. I have two of them now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

I will be curious to hear how your experience with the outlet goes. I Yeah. I figure

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

I figure that you just have to be an edge case here because they have four and a half stars

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

out of 1,610

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

ratings. So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

don't know. Maybe I just got a bad batch. I was I was wanted to ask you about this, but I I was keeping the secret to get a genuine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:57]

reaction here on the podcast. You did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

So is the Alexa unplugged and tucked tucked away or do you still have it on? Not yet. I gotta I've gotta switch everything over.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:08]

I may unplug it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

before I replace the outdoor outlet, which will probably be in July.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

Okay. Wow. Look at this. It's just a wild and crazy time. So I guess I guess now is as good as they to jump into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Apple WWDC.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

See, it wasn't that that was a good, change up of the order. Right? Yeah. That was. That was you set that up very well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

That was that was a nice lead in. Well done, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:34]

Well done. So I am now an Apple one subscriber

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

and have a HomePod mini.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

So this is so weird to me because you never spend money. And, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

basically, you're just sliding that credit card as fast as you could.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

Well, the HomePod mini has I mean, it was a beginning of a new month, so I had budgeted for this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

It was it was good to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:56]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

yeah. Alright. Good deal. Good deal. So Apple WWC kicked off today, and as always, there are ton of rumors on the Internet leading up to any of these things. I made a wish list, which I shared around. I actually got some of my things on my wish list. Not as nice as I'd like, but, you know, beggars can't be choosers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

Most of the rumors revolved around hardware. Hardware is generally not something announced at WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

Like, looking back over the last ten years, there's only a few instances

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

where that happens. But You should be like a Mac Pro or something like that. Yeah. A Mac Pro, the transition to m one, the Retina I iMac or excuse me, the Retina Mac MacBook Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

the Intel MacBook, like like those major

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

transition. Big thing on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:39]

or a big impact on developers on how people can develop for it. Yeah. So they're they're not going to, like, release a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

general

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

consumer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

product at this. You're not gonna get an iPhone, although technically, guess the iPhone was probably first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

teased at a WWDC.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

But you're you're not going to well, maybe that's not true. I don't know. They've definitely they definitely talked about the iPhone at WWDC before it was released, but I don't think that's where they kicked off the announcement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

So but but you're not gonna get, like, a new watch. That's not gonna happen. Right? So those things I I I was I I had pretty low confidence in that. Also, especially because chips are hard to manufacture and get over to The States right now, so there's, like, a whole dimension that that kinda mitigated that. But every single WWDC,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

you get a new version of Mac OS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

and you get a new version of iOS, and now you get a new version of iPad OS. Right? And usually, watchOS,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

you know, OS behind the HomePod, like, the whole ecosystem, from a software standpoint, gets an update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

the keynote usually showcases

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

the consumer level

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

announcements, like the things that the the Joe Blows who have iPhones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

and Macs care about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

The state of the union then goes real deep on the developer persona. Now, you get some of the developer persona for sure on the keynote, but the keynote

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

tends to be more approachable to the ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

I thought in general that this set of announcements today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

was mostly polished,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

and at times I felt underwhelmed, but it was like really cool stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:13]

that is, like, deeply ingrained in the operating system. So I I don't think there's, like, a new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

whiz bang feature

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

that, you know, is gonna, like, jump out at you. Not like when we had widgets. Right? Or Right. When FaceTime was introduced. Like, those kind of things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

were were huge. They were in your face. All of these I think are more subtle. They're more ingrained in the experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:34]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:36]

I would agree with that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:40]

overall polish, but I think they are really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:43]

it's a polish across the ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:46]

There was lots of interchangeability

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

between things and introducing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:50]

possibility

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:51]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

connections from other devices or things like that. Yep. Yeah. No. Absolutely. And I think you could see this, right, because they did iOS first, then they talked about iPadOS, then they talked about macOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

And then we got into this, like, last half hour,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

which is a whole bunch of stuff that just spanned all three. Right? Right. And so it was it was, like, features that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

up on their own for any particular system didn't make any sense, but they only made sense when the whole ecosystem was factored in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

I think, without kinda jumping the gun here, but universal control was a really great example of that, and its ability to, like, use a keyboard and a mouse across multiple devices just by, like, going to the edge of your screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

but let's so we we got a list here. I don't know if these are in the order they were released, but let's let's Probably not exactly. Yeah. They should be close. We'll roll that. So the first one was focus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

which Which was on your wish list, kind of. Kind of. Yeah. So I I should try and pull up my wish list and and look at what it it would say, but basically, I what the thing I wanted, right, was better control over notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

In particular, I I kinda wanted, like, a way to, like, tone stuff down. I think the example I used is I wanted to still get notifications from Sarah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

but not from the rest of my contacts or Sarah and John and not the rest of my contacts. Right? Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

It's that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

flight some hanger group that bugs you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

It's not it's not that, like, there's a whole gamut of notifications I get during the day that's like they can wait. Right? And I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

I think I'm gonna be able to do this with what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

they've created, but it'd be interesting to see when the betas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:30]

are When you download yours?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

so the thing is, right, I what they basically did is they created, like, different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

configurable versions of of do not disturb. I to me, there are a lot like scenes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

inside of home the home app. Right? Where you can say, like, do these automations all at once or whatever. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

you're gonna be able to say, like, these apps, I wanna hear during this window. So when I'm, like, working,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

I wanna hear from these people, that kind of thing. And so I think that's the kind of control

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

that we need. They also showed the notification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

summary, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

I don't know. I can't tell if I care about this or not. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

I think this is a much near future. I'm looking forward to it. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

Yeah. Really, it will depend on how well it works. Yeah. Definitely. Definitely. But this was kind of their headline thing. Right? Like, this is basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

not letting your device dominate you, but you, like, leveraging your device when you need it, which I thought, you know, a it's an interesting spin for them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

The other thing, though, that they spent a lot of time focusing on today was just sharing and interconnectivity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

with people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

Right? So so, like, you're focusing on the things you wanna do with your device. That's the whole idea of being able to control your notifications. And then there was share play,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

which share play, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

it's sprawling across the whole system. Right? So you you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

have this ability to just share what you're doing in an app with people. And so the obvious examples are like, I'm gonna watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

Greyhound

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

with John in three months when this operating system comes out, and we'll FaceTime while doing it, or you know, whatever, like like that kind thing. So a watch a watch So like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

I don't know that I would use this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

because even like the the video that they had of people doing it, they had like their phone in their hand and the thing on the screen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

and there were like screen notifications and stuff like that. But like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

maybe I would have done this when I was dating someone in high school,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

but I don't see me doing this as a 32 year old adult.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

yeah. That's that's fair. That's fair. I will say this. I I think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

there's a whole bunch of stuff that we do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:49]

with family now, like, on Zoom or whatever, right, that this is trying trying to, like, cover, to take care of. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

you know, they're they're trying to make sure that you can listen to music with people on a call. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Watch a video together if you want, and not just like a watch party like a movie, but also potentially pulling up some funny, I don't know, TikTok video. Like, I'm I'm sure this is gonna expand all those possibilities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

And this is really about the framework to enable all of that. So they they were very clear today, like, it's not just the music app. Right? Like, Spotify is gonna be able to do this. Amazon Music's gonna be able to do this. Whoever leverages the APIs that they built, which is great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

And then the kicker, I think, like, the coup de grace to all of this is FaceTime on Android in the browser. Right? So it's not an app, but FaceTime, you're gonna be able to send a link to Android users. And I am so excited about this because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

it means I don't have to have, you know, Zoom and Teams and WebEx and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

all those things on my phone. I can just lean in on FaceTime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

Right? Yep. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

screen sharing was another thing that we've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

I'd like they've had basic support for this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

If you've ever used Apple support, right, on your iOS device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

IOS tech or Apple support technicians have been able to see your device and move it around. So this was this was a common theme I noticed today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

The the core of this functionality has been around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

Now it's it's just it's been amped up and made consumer great. And there were a lot of things like that, honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

What was the one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

there were a few there at the end that I that I I said, hey. This has been around forever. I'm trying to remember what they were now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

Alright. Well, awkward silence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Didn't make our note. So it'll come to me later. But so so those are those two. You wrote down live text. Why don't you tell us about that one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

this is basically things that other people have been messing around with for years. I mean, starting with like Evernote was the first time I encountered it. Or basically, can take a picture of a whiteboard or a handwritten note

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:54]

or a sign.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

And it basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

initially, it made that text searchable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

I think live text takes it to a whole different thing where you can copy it or it creates hyperlinks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

for phone numbers or other things automatically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:12]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

yeah, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

smart text recognition

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

on all the things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

Yeah. It looks pretty cool. It also got integrated into Siri so you can search through it or search for a piece of text that you might have might have seen somewhere. You know what they didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:30]

showcase but would be like a great

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

example for this? If you took like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

picture of some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

menu in a different country in a foreign language and if it will translate it for you. Oh, yeah. Because translate was, like, across the operating system now in both iOS, iPadOS, and macOS. Like, it's all over the place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

Deep integration everywhere. Yeah. That'd be a really great example. They did show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

they did show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

this feature being used to grab an address and pull it into maps as well. Yeah. Which was cool. Which which maps got a thorough overhaul as well. A whole bunch of three d stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

I doubt I doubt that they're gonna have three d maps of Indianapolis, but a guy can hope. Hey. You're you're higher up on the list than Cedar Rapids. That's that's fair. That's fair. I figured that if you live in San Francisco or New York, Chicago, LA, Houston,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

this is gonna be a great feature for you. For the rest of us, we'll just We'll wait a couple of years. Yeah. We'll be in this. Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

at least has an Apple Store, so there's that. Well, there's that. Yeah. There's something. I found I found the thing that I mentioned that they basically amped up. So they talked about sharing health data

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:37]

other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

And I noted that you can like, the support for this actually exists in the family watch setup that they did, whether it's an older person or a younger person. And so, like, when I open up the health app, I have the ability to switch between myself or my daughter because she has a family watch. And I would imagine that the foundation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

for the feature they show today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

where you're sharing your health file, like, with your mom or with your wife or whoever. Right? Like, that is based off that. Again, I think this is just kind of that polish, that iteration. Like, they they've done something that was relatively small scale, which is this Family Watch thing, and used that to build a larger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

feature. Similarly, the other thing that I noticed was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

they've got a whole bunch of new functionality in the health app around, like, your gait when you walk and your stride, and there's a whole bunch of the metrics that they're gonna use to factor in that already recorded in your device. Right. But now they're gonna do, like, macro metrics, right, where they analyze, like, the whole thing and then give you insightful data around it, and and that's pretty cool. They emphasized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

electronic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

health file stuff today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

They also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

highlighted the Query app, which was wicked cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

This is something that Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

an Apple engineering team actually worked with John Hopkins to piece together,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

and you can opt into with your cardiologist if they participate. And so next time I see my cardiologist, I'm gonna bring this up and and ask him about it. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

you know, again, I I I still don't think of Apple as a health company, but man, I I really do think they're giving the best consumer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

all around health experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

out there. And if you don't have a doctor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

who is part of a practice that is leveraging something that can link

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

to health, you are really missing out. You're really missing out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

So Yeah. I think this is a great

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:27]

example

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

of how Apple sees a problem

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:31]

and then works to try to solve it because there is nothing but problems in the health care system in The US. So And and I know I know sometimes I get a little altruistic about Apple. Right? Whether it's it's their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

regard for privacy being so important or just the quality of their ecosystem or whatnot. But I look at health is one of those things that I look at. And I'm sure Apple makes a ton of money off of the watch. Right? But I really don't believe they're making any money out of linking to your health records,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

right, and providing better access to you for those. I don't think they're making any money out of you being able to share your health data with your spouse. Right? Or or do, like, this John Hopkins app. They're not making any money off that. The app is free. Right? They they sunk time and effort in into not only creating the frameworks to support that, but actually developing the thing with the team. And I think that's kind of That was a cool story too. They were at their beach house or whatever and they were basically running sprints.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

They they ran they ran they an Airbnb between a team at John Hopkins and a team at Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

with with that I think they had the health director of Apple talking about this. Yeah. It was really cool. Was a really neat story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

But again, like, to me, the thing is Apple's I they this is not a revenue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

generating thing that they are doubling down on and focused on. And if it were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

you would see Fitbit doing it. Right? You would see the other companies kind of in that that, you know, wearable space

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

trying to do some of those things, but there's no revenue. Garmin Garmin's not doing this. Right? Right. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

yeah, I was I was stoked about this. Here's another thing that Apple does not make any money on though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:10]

IDs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

Now So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

this is we're you and I are never gonna get this. Right? We're never gonna we're never gonna because there's no way that Iowa and Indiana

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

give two hoots about IDs in the wallet app, but I have been itching for this forever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:26]

Yep. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:28]

this would literally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:30]

mean there's no reason to carry a wallet anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

I like, truth be told, today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

I carry one credit card and I carry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

ID and I think I might carry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

my insurance card just because it I need like three cards in there so they don't fall out of my little billfold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

Right? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

yeah. No. I, like, I I actually I have my insurance card in my my Health Wallet app. I've got my triple a card, like, all the things are in there. So this is the the last one. And it's cool because they they're taking to the next level with a TSA integration

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

that, like, you're not even gonna need your ID when you board a plane. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

Now I don't know who boards a plane anymore, but regardless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

there there will be life after the pandemic. You know? And and this is I I don't know, man. I this is cool to me, and I I'm sure there's also, like, a slightly creepy element of, like, not having anything physical. I just don't know that I care anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

So I'm so likely to lose my ID as it stands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

But there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

I can't remember if I told you this or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:37]

I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

where was I at? I was somewhere, and I needed to pay for something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

This was just recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

And the lady was like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

the lady at the the checkout said, well, we've been having a lot of trouble with our credit card processor today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

And it you know, it's it's because they gotta, like, dial in to connect, then swipe your card and do all that. Right? And I was like, lady, hold my beer. And I whipped out my Apple Watch, did the double tap, paid right there on the spot. It was instantaneous,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

and it all worked. And she was blown away. She's like, I've never seen it go that fast. I was like, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

I I don't I don't know what the technology is behind the scenes, but I don't believe they're calling into anything. Like, I think the secure enclave has enough data. They're like, yep. That car is for real. You know? Right. And I imagine it's gonna be similar with with IDs. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:23]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:24]

Have you ever run into a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:26]

really great way to accept Apple Pay at, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:30]

a sit down restaurant?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

I feel like I have been at a sit down restaurant where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:36]

I've just done the watch thing on the little console and and pay that way. Yeah. I mean, but if you like, they don't have a console. Like, if you're at a fancy steak house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

Oh, you know, I haven't. Or like a brewery. The brewery is the one that I always think of. Like if I bike to a brewery and I don't have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

my wallet on me, but I have my phone, like Yeah. No. That's a great that's a great thing. So I do know that there are places like the Apple Store itself has this, right, where you essentially pay

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

on a phone or on a device. I have seen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

actually, you know what might might actually have done this, John? Was Upland Brewery relatively recently because I was just there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

Yeah. They came out to the table to pay, and I think I paid with Apple Pay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

So I'm I'm I might be mistaken, but I'm gonna definitely try that next time I'm there. I think that'll be in a couple weeks. So because I think that is the one glaring,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

like, Apple Pay thing because a lot of the standard point of sale systems now just take it by default. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

Yeah. They do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

And I think the thing and like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

I don't know. The last fifteen months, man, I haven't really been eating out much, so I don't know what's all changed. That's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

Know I know there aren't menus on the table anymore. I know you can't get ketchup packets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

yeah. Maybe there aren't other condiments. I haven't really paid attention, but but you can't get ketchup packets. Anyhow, I suspect that with a lot of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

transactionality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

happening maybe at the table or outdoors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

people are probably carrying portable stuff or doing it from their phone. And I think the question becomes, and I don't know the answer to this, is there a way to take Apple Pay from somebody else physically on-site using just an iPhone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

Right? Because then could a restaurant,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:14]

you know, do all that? I I don't know. So I think it'd be interesting. Mean, there's gotta be because, I mean, you can pay with Apple Pay on a website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

Yeah. I mean, I think the thing is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

on on another person's device, like, what's the security there? You know? Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

But I will have to do some more research and and circle back on that. But speaking of security and privacy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

I knew you always nerd out about Apple's position on privacy. Clearly, you nerd out big time recently because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:43]

you ditched all of your Amazon stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

I barely caught the announcement for iCloud plus. You wanna talk about this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:50]

Yeah. So iCloud plus is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:53]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:54]

what you are already

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:57]

it fits the subscriptions

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:59]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:00]

what you have for iCloud. So you continue to pay the same thing for your Apple One bundle, and iCloud is included. Now you have iCloud Plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

And Which which John, this begs the question, why why am I calling something else?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

There's a free version of iCloud for, like, under five gigabytes too, aren't they? So so the okay. Yeah. That's fair. So free tier does not get these features.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

That's what you're saying? Okay. Okay. I I I understand now. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:26]

there was a bunch of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:28]

security stuff really enabled.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:31]

Some things that have existed in some way, shape, or form before, like now you can have a private email address that automatically forward, so you never have to give out your email address.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:41]

They built in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

Those have always been limited though. So Right. In in the past, you only had a handful of those. And if I understood correctly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

these are basically unlimited and and they're gonna be integrated in the in the OS such that you can just like generate them randomly as needed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:56]

Correct. Yeah. You can delete them if you no longer want them,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:01]

which is cool. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:03]

The other big thing was the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:06]

basically relay,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

which will hide your IP address from all the things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

I guess, is that Relay or is that something else? So Relay basically works Yeah. Private Relay. Yeah. So It encrypts your connection

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:22]

so that they don't know that you're you, and Apple doesn't know what websites you're on. I'm assuming that your ISP doesn't know what websites you're on if you are on Wi Fi?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

the way I interpreted this is they're they're primarily focused on obscuring your location

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:39]

and your IP address, which often ties back to your location. Right? So these are things that are identifiable about you that you probably don't even realize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

when you make a connection to a website, and so they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:51]

obscuring all that. Now you probably have heard the terms proxy or VPN.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

They do similar things. I don't get the impression that this is a VPN

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

in part because the way that Apple talked about it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

but it's it's I think VPN like is what it seems like. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

I imagine that I will enable this everywhere all the time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:12]

But Yeah. But I don't think it replaces your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

oh, what's the name of the service you use? Next DNS. Yeah. No. It's I don't I don't think it's a blocker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

in terms of ads or content. Like, you know, again, like, you cannot get to porn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

from inside my network. Right? Like, I've got that blocked using NextDNS. I don't think it's gonna replace that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

yeah, I I I couldn't tell. Was the was the email bit part of this as well? Yeah. So the email bit is there too. Basically, it's secure email now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:43]

So it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:44]

blocks any tracking pixels that marketing emails might put in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:49]

Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:51]

makes you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:54]

anonymous

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:55]

when you're opening emails. It doesn't track open, some things like that. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

I think this is just in the mail app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

Yeah. That that that that's how I interpret it too across platforms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

And so I you probably don't have the setting on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

mail to not load remote content, do you? You don't use Apple Mail, do you? I use Apple Mail. I thought you were always in the browser.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:22]

I am in the browser on my desktop,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:25]

but I use Apple Mail on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

Do you think that'll change?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:29]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:32]

I haven't moved from Gmail yet though, so that might be the next big thing. That just seems like a big thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:37]

It is a big thing. Having changed email addresses several times over the last few years, I can tell you is a very big thing. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

I have I have my Apple Mail configured so that it remote content is what it's called, images basically, do not load by default. Right? So those open pixels don't render for me most of the time. Sure. The the problem is, and I think this is what Apple's trying to to really deal with here, is if you do that, a lot of emails just don't look right because they you don't see the actual, like, important content. Right? So so images as an example,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

the WWC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

announcement email had a beautiful graphic across the top that actually told me a lot about the event. I had to click this load remote content button in order to see it. And when I hit that, I was also opening the or loading the open pixel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:23]

Right? Right. And so what Apple is basically, I think, this is the way I'm interpreting it, allowing you to do is you load remote content. Like, images pop up, all that good stuff, but they're gonna specifically target open pixels

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

to not be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

processed. And so, thus, you will not know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:39]

or you the person who sent you the email will not know that you've opened that email like they probably do today, especially if they're they're a marketing email.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:48]

Again, this is Apple, like, just doubling down on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:52]

privacy and and really, like, basically saying, alright. If you if you want to send this person email, that's fine. It's just none of your business when you open it. Right? K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:01]

They didn't say anything about click tracking, so I think all that's still fair game. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

yeah, it's very very interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

I I kinda wondered when they would do something like this, to be totally honest with you. It felt like the natural evolution with some of the things they've doing in the browser,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:15]

especially with third third party cookie stuff. So all this is intrinsically related in my mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:21]

Yeah. And I think if they don't take it to the click tracking aspect,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:27]

like it really doesn't affect any business metrics that much, at least important ones. Because you can still track

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:37]

did your email make any sales

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:39]

Right. Or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:41]

Yep. And so then the last thing as part of home excuse me. ICloud

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:45]

plus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

was unlimited storage for HomeKit enabled security cameras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:51]

So you have these. I do now. I do. I do. Yeah. So this is this is cool because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:56]

today, like, I have not had an issue with storage, I could definitely see a world in which I do. Right? I got the big plan, the one or two terabyte, I don't even know what it is anymore Right. Storage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:05]

And my HomeKit enabled cameras upload to HomeKit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:11]

like, to to iCloud

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:12]

for storing their videos, which is great. Like, I'm I'm all for that. And now this is gonna be, like, a separate segment of data storage, so it won't impact it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:21]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:22]

if you are in this ecosystem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:25]

you just got a whole ton of storage freed up. Right? Which is which is pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:29]

And I think it's also a bit of, like, just to go back to the whole ring thing we were talking about earlier with Amazon Sidewalk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

kind of drew a line in the sand too. Right? So Yeah. Making, I think, these these HomeKit enabled cameras even more appealing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

Again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:47]

Apple's not really making money off of HomeKit enabled security cameras, you know, like Nope. May maybe there's a a HomeKit certification

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:56]

or something that some of these companies pay for, maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:58]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:59]

storage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:00]

you know, is is not expensive, but they're they're gonna be storing a lot more video, and it's just an interesting choice to me. So Maybe right here in Iowa. Maybe right there in Iowa. Yeah. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:12]

Alright. So already talked about What are your cameras record in four

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:15]

k?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:17]

I think they're two k or 10 e p. Don't remember. 10 p. But still like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:24]

That sounds enough of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:26]

that. That's that's significant

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:27]

storage space.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:29]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:30]

There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:31]

in fact, you know, you you I had a little birthday party for Evelyn last weekend. Right? Like that camera was on the whole time. I probably have a DVDs worth from the party easily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:42]

There you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:44]

Put some music under it and you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:46]

Yeah. No. I don't think so. It's at a weird angle with a little bit of fish eye to it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:52]

we we talked about some of the Siri updates,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:54]

but I think what really stood out to me is Siri support on third party

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:59]

accessories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:00]

Yes. Firstly. Right? This is huge. It is. They demoed an ecobee. They showed an ecobee. Right? Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:08]

I had like, I've got one that is Alexa enabled, but it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:12]

Right? I've got Alexa all turned off Right. On there. Same here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:16]

I kind

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:18]

of regret buying the HomePod mini for my bedroom now, but maybe this is a reason to move it to the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:25]

you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:27]

put two of them next to your TV

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:29]

and then you got that spatial stereo audio.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:32]

Yeah. Which that looks pretty cool too. I could I don't know if I would buy two to put in the same place though. That's what's getting me. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

at that point, you're not you're not getting them for the the microphone so much as you are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:45]

the The speaker. The spatial sound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:47]

Yeah. And I I will say I have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

on several occasions now thought to myself that the the HomePod mini sounded better than my old gen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:56]

Sonos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:57]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:59]

That is one thing I will say about Apple Music. So I switched to Apple Music,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:03]

and I could definitely tell a quality difference between songs on Apple Music and songs on Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:10]

Well, and and here's the thing, John. If you listen to certain music today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:13]

it's gonna be even better. Better. Because the hi fi stuff is coming. The spatial audio is coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:19]

Like, the quality of the sound on the catalog

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:22]

just got significantly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:24]

better today at no additional cost, no new subscription fee, none of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:28]

I have not had a chance to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:30]

tinker with any of it, but that is on my to do list for tonight is to try out it's it's all music I don't really care about is the problem, but You gotta go listen to The Weeknd.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:40]

Blind as lights.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:42]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:43]

I was on the link stand. Oh, there we go. Now we're talking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:47]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:48]

Siri on third party devices,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:50]

so Ecobee is huge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:52]

but we're talking things like smart refrigerators

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:55]

or Yeah. This opens up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:58]

maybe car stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:59]

Maybe. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:01]

Well, yeah. I think I I imagine that cars with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:04]

CarPlay probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:06]

already had some Siri integration. Maybe you don't need your phone now. I don't know. Like Yeah. Yeah. It's it's an interesting interesting call. I think the other thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:15]

to to look out for is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:17]

like my scale. Right? My Yep. Maybe my next scale will have serious support. So some of those like other things that tie back to health, I'm sure there is a health play here as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:28]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:30]

the thing with Siri is also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:33]

it's a pretty big accessibility

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:35]

feature which I know we talked about a couple weeks ago how Apple's focus on accessibility

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:41]

and how that doesn't make them any money either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:44]

Yep. But Siri is huge for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:47]

Yeah. It absolutely is. And so we haven't even gotten to the State of the Union. We're gonna breeze through it today. But I will tell you that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:53]

when I was watching the State of the Union today, there was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:57]

a strong focus on accessibility improvements in code.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:01]

Right? And they they demoed, like, I can't remember what it's called now, the rotor or something that you use to to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:07]

like, swipe through the controls

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:09]

and some of the ways that you could

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:11]

give assistance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:13]

to the accessibility

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:15]

options on the device programmatically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:18]

Right? So, like, help help because you've got I think one of the challenges is you have standard controls in iOS, right, that have accessibility baked right in. But if you build an app and you wanna do something custom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:29]

that maybe resembles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:30]

like, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:32]

slider, right, you have to reimplement all that accessibility stuff yourself. And basically, what they show today is, like, actually, no, you don't. If it looks like a slider, you can actually use some of the accessibility behaviors of a slider

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:43]

for for this thing that you built. And they showed how to do this in SwiftUI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:47]

And again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:49]

there is an attention to detail here that is mind blowing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:53]

There there is no profitability in accessibility. They're just making a great experience for everyone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:59]

Right? And and like, it's just cool. It just makes you feel good. Like, watch some of that stuff and you just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:05]

feel good about it. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:09]

Speaking of feeling good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:11]

Siri is gonna be on device.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:13]

On device. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:14]

is another privacy play. But Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:17]

I think this just goes to show how far

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:20]

these computers in our hands have come Absolutely. Right, to be able to do all of this speech recognition on device. Now, it's still gonna there's gonna be times when it's gonna go to the Internet. It's gonna, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:32]

do stuff, but it's gonna start to actually do the parsing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:35]

locally on device. And they decided to demo this by showing a whole bunch of things that you could do on device with near instantaneous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:43]

response times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:44]

Right? Open this app. Go to dark mode. Like, it was just one thing after another, and then they put it in airplane mode, and it all still worked. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:52]

Which is super cool. It is. It is. And it's a nice privacy play, but I think also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:57]

it's gonna make this device even more responsive. And now imagine Siri on device

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:02]

with your new Apple TV or your HomePod mini or your Ecobee. I don't know if they'll be able to do it an Ecobee. Like, I I'm sure there's there are limitations here, you gotta think at least in the Apple hardware ecosystem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:14]

a lot of these devices are gonna be able to do this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:16]

So Yeah. Pretty cool, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:19]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:20]

IPad stuff, a whole bunch of productivity features, bunch of these things I requested.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:25]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:26]

app library was probably my biggest one. It I it's still I don't understand why they didn't just have this last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:32]

But you know, it is what it is. They ran out of time, Stan. I guess. I guess. Shelf was the new multitasking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:39]

thing that allows you to see like running applications down at the bottom. Yeah. I think this is definitely makes it more like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:46]

how I would work on a computer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:48]

Being able to switch between things much easier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:52]

and seeing everything there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:54]

Yep. There there's a lot of polish to this, but I think they're gonna be impactful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:57]

You did say in our chat, maybe it's time I get an iPad. I did. But that was for the next thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:04]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:05]

for universal control? Universal control.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:08]

When I saw them drag their cursor from their MacBook Pro to the iPad,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:13]

my mind was blown.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:15]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:17]

and then they dragged the cursor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:21]

from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:22]

the iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:24]

to the MacBook Pro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:25]

to the iMac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:28]

And then you're like, now I gotta buy an iPad and an iMac. Probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:32]

not. But this is super cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:34]

Same keyboard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:36]

same track pad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:37]

can just move over and start controlling

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:40]

your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:41]

iPad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:42]

So you don't need that keyboard case that you have anymore. Maybe you do, depending on how you're using it. But Yeah. And when you when you travel and move around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:50]

I think what was interesting to me about this more so than just, like, reusing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:55]

a device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:56]

right, was the fact that there are some things that are gonna author better on the iPad, like with the Apple Pencil. Right? And I think they might have even used Procreate as an example, right, the the Procreate app, which is wicked cool. So they did something on Procreate and then just, like, swapped it right over to the Mac laptop they were using and then worked with it there. I think that kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:18]

interchange,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:19]

right, between the devices

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:21]

is powerful because there are things that each of these devices do better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:25]

than the other ones. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:28]

I I think that's kinda like like right tool for the job at the right time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:33]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:33]

Logitech actually has something that's kinda like this. It doesn't particularly work well in my experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:39]

but this is not actually a new thing. This is, I think, a good example of where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:43]

Apple is doing something that has been in the industry for a while. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:47]

They're just doing it way better. Right? Way more seamlessly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:52]

Yeah. So the other thing is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:55]

drag and drop files.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:57]

So if you have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:00]

a book that's on your iPad and maybe you wanna bring it over into the books app on Mac which I can't remember the last time I opened. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:08]

wonder if I have click and drag. Oh, do. There it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:12]

Yeah. And I like, there's gonna be a ton of stuff, especially in the creative space for this. I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:18]

you know, the the the opportunities

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:21]

are endless. I think related to this similarly was AirPlay to a Mac from a device. I actually don't know what the use case is for this, but it's good that it's finally there. Right? So being able to, like, pull some up on your iPhone. Yeah. Was thinking that too. Like, why would I ever use that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:36]

I the here's the best that I can come up with. Right? If you have an iMac, you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:41]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:42]

24 inch one, you've got that XDR

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:45]

display. Right? That's just like off the hook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:48]

And so being able to AirPlay either from a different Mac to that Mac or from your iPhone or iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:56]

you're gonna get a better screen and a better set of speakers. And depending on your situation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:00]

maybe that's the best screen and speakers in your house, you know? Yeah. So I think I think it's just kinda rounding stuff out. If I were in my office, honestly, like, I'd probably use it, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:12]

In my situation too, I could see where if I've got like my work iMac, I wanna AirPlay over to it, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:20]

to to watch something on my personal phone. I don't know. I'm just making stuff up at this point. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:28]

Shortcuts, the app on iOS.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:30]

Coming to Mac. Shortcuts I think is something that I am going to be taking a deep dive into now that I have the HomePod mini

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:38]

and I'm going all in on the HomeKit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:41]

stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:42]

So we shall see. But to this point, I haven't really used shortcuts all that much. Well, interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:48]

I I think they kind of this is another one of those things where they prime the pump

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:53]

last year, year before with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:55]

the home apps automation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:57]

Right? So there's this whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:59]

clicks not code

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:01]

approach to developing these things, which is what shortcuts does really, really well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:06]

And if you look at what on the iOS side, if you're if you're in there, if you look at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:11]

the home app automations and iOS shortcuts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:15]

right, like, can they show up in both places if they're personal automations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:19]

I think they were probably, again, greasing the gears with the home app on Mac, and this is kind of the natural evolution of this. Shortcuts is cool because it was a it was a product that Apple bought.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:30]

And a lot of times when Apple buys a product, it kinda like, I don't know, it doesn't get the same luster. Dark Sky is a great example. Who knows what's happening with Dark Sky?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:40]

Oh, you didn't talk about the weather updates.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:43]

Yeah. I don't know. They're fine. Like, we got we got we got weather maps. Great. It's like overdue, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:49]

I think some of that's probably thanks to the Dark Sky acquisition. I would imagine at some point the Dark Sky app will go away. Just a hunch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:56]

But but shortcuts, they've they've continued to build and improve. It is a really great powerful system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:02]

I think the writing's on the wall. They said today that Automator, which was the automation system for Mac before this, is gonna stick around for a while,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:10]

but I think the writing's on the wall. I don't think this is Absolutely. Because, I mean, outside of power users, nobody uses automation or yeah. Nobody uses automator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:20]

No. They don't. And and I think this might have even been in my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:24]

wish list, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:27]

honestly, like, Automator's missing a lot of things. Yeah. Is. Automator support for Apple Notes. That was in my list. Yeah. Automator hasn't gotten loving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:35]

many years. No. And and Apple's native apps are not even appearing in Automator. Right? Notes has no automation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:43]

And I like, that's not good. You know? So if if they transition to Shortcuts, I'm all for it. I think this is a a good step, right direction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:52]

I'll be really curious to see if the automations that I've created or the Shortcuts I've created in the Shortcuts app on iOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:58]

come onto the Mac and just work or not. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:02]

Yeah. But this should open up some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:05]

productivity hacks for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:07]

your general users.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:09]

I hope so. Yeah. Shortcuts is very approachable, and there's a gallery too. Like, it's it's actually I I don't know. I think as far as automation goes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:17]

this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:19]

a way that that most people can use it, you know? And it's also very easy for apps, different apps to, like, load

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:25]

automations into shortcuts for you, and there's tight Siri integration. So it just it just seems to work. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:32]

yeah. Alright, John. What did you think of the new Safari updates?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:35]

I think I've got to try them before I make a judgment, unfortunately.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:41]

As somebody The who tabs really rattled you, didn't they? Who builds websites. Yeah. The tabs rattled me. Even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:47]

how they how it's working on iOS

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:50]

is a little weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:52]

So I'm not somebody who has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:54]

30 tabs open all the time. So I understand the problem they're trying to solve with tab groups and things like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:01]

but it's not a use case for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:05]

Well, will tell you I have I have three Safari windows open right now. This one has I have

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:12]

one.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:13]

Okay. Window one has nine tabs. Window two has 15. Window three has like two. I have three tabs total open,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:22]

two of which I'm gonna close right now. All right. There you go. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:26]

this doesn't always apply to me, but I think this does. They I think they emphasized

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:30]

improvements

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:31]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:32]

Safari tab syncing as well. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:35]

Which so that looked pretty flawless in their demo. So Yeah. That was that was another one of my things on my list. I got one.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:43]

You know what you know what was on my list I didn't see today? Just to derail for a minute here. Can

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:49]

we put widgets on the desktop on Mac OS?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:52]

Not that I've seen. Yeah. See, that's a glaring that's a glaring omission in my opinion. It came to iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:58]

It did. It did. Yeah. Overdue. But what are you gonna do? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:03]

Yeah. So what else was in Safari today? I'm trying to remember.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:10]

Reader view built in.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:13]

They talked about extensions.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:19]

Yeah. Oh, yeah. The interoperability of extensions and getting extensions on iOS and iPadOS. That was that was the killer feature there. Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:28]

yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:30]

All all good stuff. I think, you know, improvements for

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:33]

a lot of people, but not necessarily everyone, which is interesting. I think Apple tends to do, like, this TikTok kind of routine with their operating systems. Right? You get a whole bunch of big stuff, and then you get a bunch of refinements the next year. And I think this is a refinement year. A lot of really great refinements though, honestly. Yep. Especially

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:52]

from the ecosystem perspective. So that was Yeah. That their Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [01:01:56]

home kinda walk through thing was pretty cool to watch too with the watch and everything like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:02]

Yep. Yeah. Well, and that that whole thing is just gonna continue

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:06]

You to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:07]

know, all these things have I've talked about this in the past, the thread protocol. Right? And so they're gonna be able to do things wirelessly

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:13]

from a networking standpoint that is just gonna blow our minds in terms of responsiveness and ease of use.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:19]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:20]

I think what the the keynote was exactly two hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:24]

Was pretty It was less than two hours. Less than two hours? Okay. It was hour forty five minutes. Alright. Still ton of content. Think,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:32]

all in all, good stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:35]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:36]

like the format too to be completely candid with you. This

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:40]

not not The opening was weird. Stage. It was. But it The emojis were weird. It's a nerd conference. It's gonna be weird. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:48]

a few hours later, then they do the State of the Union. And I don't I don't wanna go too deep in on this because I think this is not interesting to most people. But, basically, like, as I mentioned earlier, Keynote is stuff that consumers are gonna interact with by and large with hints at these things that developers are gonna be able to leverage and integrate. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:06]

State

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:07]

of the Union goes deep on the developer persona,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:10]

and there will be things like the Xcode Cloud, which they referenced in the keynote but didn't really give a lot of time to, but the State of the Union spent a ton of time on. There are also things like Swift Playgrounds, which again, were mentioned in the keynote, and then they really went deep on in the State of the Union. And so I'll just I think these are the two, in my opinion, the the two headline ones along with the Swift language improvements.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:32]

So Xcode Cloud is basically a way for you to take code that you have written as a programmer

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:39]

and run it in

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:41]

the cloud on somebody else's computer, really, on on one of Apple's computers. Run tests,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:46]

like, you know, all that stuff that you have to do before you release it without using any of the CPU cycles

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:52]

on your own computer. Right? So it's basically like it's optimizing your workflow by doing

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:57]

things that we've traditionally done on our devices up in the cloud.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:01]

And there was no pricing that revealed today, so we have no idea what this is gonna cost or or whatnot. I think it'd be interesting to see how that plays out.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:09]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:10]

this is much needed, honestly. There there are integrations in services like Travis and maybe GitHub Actions has this now too in order to do some Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:20]

application testing. But it's heavyweight, and it it doesn't have the kind of integration back into your developer experience like they showcased today. They showcased how all this works. It looks fantastic. I honestly cannot wait to use it.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:34]

Yeah. So this looked like, basically, you can do everything in your development cycle in one place

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:39]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:40]

like, with Teams as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:43]

So that looked cool. Yep. Yeah. And I think the reality is that most

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:49]

Apple shops, whether they're developing an iOS app or Mac app, probably have a Mac Pro or some Mac Minis hanging around in an office somewhere where they're doing this kind of thing in a really sloppy,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:00]

like, not great way with not really integrated results. Right? And so Apple's like, you know what? Hold my beer. We got this. Enough of you are doing it. This is a big enough ecosystem. We're just gonna provide

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:12]

a really clean awesome way for you to do it. You don't have to use this, but we're gonna make it easy if you want to.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:20]

Swift Playgrounds is interesting to me because

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:22]

it's been on the iPad for a while. It's allowed you to run Swift code, which is the language that Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:27]

developed themselves to run amazingly

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:31]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:31]

their own silicon,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:33]

whether it was on iOS or now on the Mac,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:36]

and to just be wicked fast. It's also just a modern modern language. Right? Yeah. I mean As

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:42]

someone who has very little development experience,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:45]

like, it looks like an extremely readable language.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:49]

I yeah. It's readable. I think it also has a lot of features

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:53]

to the language that protect the developer from the developer,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:57]

if that makes sense. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:58]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:00]

everything was written in Objective C before this, And Objective C was a super powerful language that gave you every opportunity you could possibly take to shoot yourself in the foot. And you could completely blow off a leg and still do stuff in it and ship an app, and it would work for some people and be and be just like crazy for others. Right? So Swift Swift has just a lot of guardrails

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:21]

that take, you know, best practices that developed over the last twenty years in other languages,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:26]

pulls it all on together into a really, like, lean,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:29]

seamless system,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:31]

and then has a bunch of frameworks that you can leverage to build apps really easily. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:36]

Swift Playgrounds is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:38]

a a pretty lean app. It's a development experience that works on the iPad. It's been around for a while, and they took it to a new level

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:45]

with this one. So if you wanna talk about, like, game changing features, they basically will allow or enable you to build a Swift based application from soup to nuts,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:55]

and then put it in the App Store. And like that's Without ever leaving the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:58]

Without ever leaving the iPad. It's mind blowing. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:02]

I think you can kinda if if you squint, right, you can kinda see it right on the wall. You've seen Swift Playgrounds, Xcode start to converge in terms of functionality.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:11]

And I imagine a world in which this development environment

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:15]

on the iPad becomes as powerful as on the Mac. I think it's a long road. Right? But I think that I think they're they're working their way there. And you can see it in what they showcase today.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:24]

So you bought the first iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:27]

and early on like you

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:30]

always complained about writing code on the iPad

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:33]

until you found what what was the app? Quote no. It's not quotable.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:37]

Working copy and textastic are my two power tools. Textastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:40]

Yeah. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:42]

I just remember those early days of the iPad and now Apple is saying, hey,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:47]

go build your iPad app

**SPEAKER_1** [01:07:49]

on the iPad. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:51]

crazy. It is. It is absolutely that's absolutely crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:55]

And the fact that the experience

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:57]

coupled with the optimizations they did in iPad OS, like it looks like it would be a pleasant development experience. Right? So,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:08:05]

you know, I my iPad's getting a little You know what, Stan? If you just set your iPad up right next to your MacBook Pro, you could type like you're on your

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:14]

Yeah. MacBook

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:15]

I mean, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:18]

I think this is a strong case for a good keyboard for the iPad. I think it's a strong case for the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:23]

the new iPad, honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:26]

The larger screen, I think, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:29]

this is this is a pretty compelling thing, especially for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:33]

to look at a new device at some point. So we'll see. Yep. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:37]

on the Swift front, they also did a bunch of language improvements. The big one is a thing called asyncawait,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:42]

which I I think this is for a lot of people not gonna make any sense. But there are things you do when you code, right, that have an,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:50]

a variable amount of time involved. As an example,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:53]

if I want to go get the weather in a weather app, I'm gonna call out to a website somewhere and get that. And that website could take ten milliseconds to respond, could take two hundred milliseconds to respond. Right? And the question is, how what do you wanna do while you're waiting? Right? Do you wanna lock up that that computer and not let it do anything else and just wait until it comes back, or do you want to allow the computer to do other things? Well, obviously, the latter. Right? There have been a bunch of ways to do that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:22]

over the years.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:23]

And async await is a way that makes it, like, safe and clean for the developers to write code that allows the computer to go do other things during some of these, like, longer running processes. But it's a huge deal. It's a huge deal for Yeah. Folks that use Swift. This basically

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:38]

unlocks

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:40]

some more of this Apple silicon to developers

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:44]

and allows them to easily utilize more of it at any time if they need it. Yep. And, again, like, they had some great code examples during the State of the Union where they took, you know, 20 lines and consolidated it down to three.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:57]

Right? Yeah. And and not only did it, like, reduce the number of lines of code, actually made it easier to understand what the code was doing. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:05]

other languages have this. JavaScript has this particular set of constructs now.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:10]

I think it this is just kind of the evolution. And for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:15]

right, like this is great, but I think the thing that I really care about is Apple continues to foster this language that they created. They continue to do so in an open source way. Like, there's a whole

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:26]

community that contributes and drives the language independent of Apple. Right? When Apple is just basically the sugar daddy for the whole thing, which is pretty cool. Pretty cool. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:37]

Apple spent a lot of time during the State of the Union on AR improvements.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:40]

I this is not really my jam, but you can you can see. Like, again, if you squint, you can kinda see what they're what they're working towards. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:47]

Glasses are coming. VR is coming at some point down the road, and they're continuing to make what a developer can do

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:54]

with AR

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:55]

even more powerful. In the demo, what they showed is actually scanning objects

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:00]

and then, like, having that object that you could then use in your application.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:03]

So they So they had some of us in the keynote too towards the end. Yeah. So in the keynote, I I had I had to duck out of the keynote. They were doing the the Wayfair stuff and, like, taking pictures of furniture from different

**SPEAKER_1** [01:11:16]

angles, and then users can use it in the air in their home.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:20]

Okay. That see, that's more practical than what I saw, which was they were they took a picture of a chocolate croissant

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:26]

that that somebody baked on the team. And it was cool. Like, the idea that you can, you know, use your device, walk around a thing, scan it, and now have a three-dimensional object that you can position with your phone wherever you want on your landscape. That's some powerful stuff. Yep. Again, I think the long tail here is not really the Wayfair app.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:45]

Know? The the Wayfair app is cool, but there's something that Apple is cooking.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:49]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:51]

All all these things, I've mentioned this several times today. Right? A bunch of these things we've actually had before,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:56]

and Apple just took it to the next level. And I think all these AR improvements

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:59]

are going to be the same kind of thing, where you are going to suddenly have glasses announced one day, and we've been field testing the technology for it for years. Right? Right. Which is which is gonna be pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:12]

The last one, and I may be the only person excited about this,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:16]

is screen It's bigger than what you're saying right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:20]

It's an API

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:22]

for screen time. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:25]

screen time, right, is the ability to control

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:27]

how you use your device and how you use

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:31]

devices that belong to dependents. Right? So my kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:34]

And it is super powerful. It has a lot of complexity to it. And and basically, what what is being unlocked is other apps are going to be able to do screen time things now. Like, you're gonna be able to control

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:46]

screen time

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:48]

aspects of different applications, and you're also gonna be able to have apps that control,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:53]

you know, parts of the screen time for the device. Like, this is just unlocking a whole bunch of customization

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:59]

and expandability

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:00]

to really make as a parent

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:03]

this is the part that I care about. Right? To really make as a parent

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:07]

my kids' devices safer

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:09]

while unlocking more things for them too. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:13]

So I'm stoked about this. I really look forward to see what they develop. I think I the thing I tweeted was if I had known

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:20]

when when I when we were having kids

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:23]

that I would have to click individually

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:26]

on each of the screen time profiles to configure something, I might have had less kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:31]

Just kidding, Lucy. I know you're listening. I would not have had less kids, and you were first anyhow. So

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:37]

So Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:38]

went heavy on

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:40]

API access for more things than just screen time. There were a bunch of stuff that they teased in the at the end of the keynote.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:48]

But so this is kind of huge for developers being able to tap into some of the Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [01:13:55]

what Apple already has.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:58]

Yeah. Definitely. Definitely.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:00]

That happens in every state of the union or, excuse me, at every worldwide developer conference. Right? So there's things that we haven't even touched on. Are things that were not in the keynote. We're not in the state of the union. The the ones I mentioned, the Screen Time API, they actually spent a lot of time in the state of the union focusing on I think I I don't know if they base these off of, like, developer requests or or what exactly drives what they decide to highlight, but there's a ton of stuff that comes out.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:22]

And most of it is gonna get leveraged by apps

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:26]

over the summer as people develop additional things and and then release them in the fall. So all everything I've just described, by the way,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:34]

you, dear listener, will probably not get until September if I were a betting man. Right? Public beta is in July.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:41]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:45]

I I do not recommend the first public beta. I don't recommend

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:49]

the first developer beta.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:52]

You need to proceed with caution after the first public beta. There have been some really great public beta experiences

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:59]

recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:00]

There have also been some absolutely horrific ones

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:04]

that shook my very soul.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:06]

Right? I remember. Like, you're about ready to leave Apple forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:10]

Gosh. What was it? Was that was that like iOS 11

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:13]

or 12? I don't even remember which one it is now. Like, I I it was so traumatic that I blocked it out. I think it might have been 12 because 13 was a pretty smooth set of betas Right. And 14 was a pretty smooth 14 was an unusually smooth set of betas, especially considering the changes. I know what it was, John. What was the last operating system for Mac OS? We're on Big Sur. Was it Catalina?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:34]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:35]

That sounds great. Catalina

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:37]

Catalina. Was a beta. Unadulterated

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:39]

garbage. That beta was horrific.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:41]

And the first release of it was horrific too. Catalina

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:45]

was the closest I've ever coming to cursing Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:49]

and and that that taught me to exercise

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:52]

a wee bit of restraint with devices that matter. So if you're sitting around and you got a spare iPhone or whatnot, and you wanna go to town, by all means, have at it.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:00]

Do not use these betas with any of your primary machines.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:05]

Dear listener, if you're wondering when it's safe to do so, I will let you know because I will be your guinea pig. I will do it before you probably should and I will report back here and tell you all about it. But I'm not doing the public I'm not doing the developer beta. I have access to it. I'm not doing the developer beta.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:21]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:22]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:23]

So to close out,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:25]

let's say if Steve Jobs is still at the helm,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:30]

does Apple still look like what it announced today?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:34]

Oh, that's a really fascinating question. Did you come up with that on your own? You find that on the interwebs? No. I came up with it on my own, especially when I'm looking at like third party accessories for Siri and some of those focus on API and I know that Steve was very protective of

**SPEAKER_1** [01:16:48]

his his creations.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:51]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:52]

it's it's hard to say. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:56]

Steve Jobs was capable of being influenced by the people around him. He he had an intuition about things

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:03]

as well. Right? And those things could sometimes be at odds.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:06]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:08]

a lot of the external integration, the third party stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:12]

probably

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:14]

would not be as far as it is now. Like, I do not think in a Steve Jobs Apple, you would be able to select a different mail client as your default mail client on iOS or different browser. I don't think that would have ever happened. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:27]

The the music one, maybe it would have happened in order to avoid antitrust stuff. Right? Like, I I could I could see that being After he fought it, probably. Yeah. Yeah. Spent a whole bunch of money fighting it too.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:38]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:39]

I I do think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:42]

there is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:44]

an element of the Apple we have today that has evolved beyond

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:48]

Steve Jobs. It's clearly evolved beyond his persona.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:51]

Right? We are the the post Jobs era

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:55]

has been just

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:57]

as

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:00]

creative and just as,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:03]

you you know, limit

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:05]

breaking

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:06]

as as the jobs era was. Right? Not in a different way. Technology has evolved. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:11]

you look at what what Tim Cook has done, and

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:15]

I'm not saying Steve couldn't have done it. I just I just think Tim was probably the right man for it. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:24]

Good answer. What do think, John? Alright. Well, I mean, I I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:29]

like, I don't think that Siri on third party accessories would have happened.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:33]

Yeah. I don't think that

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:36]

like, Steve Jobs was very

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:38]

tell the user what they want. Don't give them options for to Yeah. Decide for themselves. So What and I would take that even a step further. HomeKit I don't people probably don't remember this. HomeKit enabled devices used to have to have

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:51]

a certified

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:53]

Apple HomeKit chip in them.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:55]

Right? Yeah. That's the other thing is I think that Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:58]

would probably be venturing

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:01]

more into some of these other things or acquiring them

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:05]

rather than integrating with them. Yeah. And and I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:10]

that Apple's better off for the angle that they've taken. I think so too. They'll probably be better off legally too.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:16]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:18]

but, you know, the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:20]

the Apple that we have

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:22]

is not just a product of the personality. It's also a product of the times and the technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:26]

Right? So,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:28]

you know, Apple Silicon would would Apple have built an m one with Steve Jobs at the helm?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:33]

I have no idea. Who

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:35]

knows? I yeah. I I think I think it's likely that they would have built an m one

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:40]

after they developed their Apple silicon regardless of who's at the helm. Unless unless there's a total idiot that's like, we're not gonna do this anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:46]

But, you know, there was so much momentum behind that that that that decision, I think, naturally flowed out of it, which is why we all knew it was gonna happen. It was just a matter of time. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:55]

And and I think that has more to do with the essence of the way Apple approaches the customer, approaches the experience, this interconnectedness,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:03]

this ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:04]

Right? That thing in and of itself allows and enables some of the things that have made Apple better here in the Tim Cook era. So

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:14]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:16]

That's all I got this week, Stan. Oh, that was plenty, John. I really did not expect to go for an hour and twenty minutes. Usually

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:23]

usually we have to have Patty on to go this long. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:27]

Next week,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:29]

we will talk about Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:31]

Oh, man. First episode of Loki. Is that gonna be a short episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:35]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:36]

Because, like, the Loki episodes only give me forty minutes. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:41]

Have you have you finished Falcon and the Winter Soldier yet? Yeah. We talked about that. Okay. I don't even remember. We talked about the last two episodes on air. Okay. I think it was called John hates Falcon and the Winter Soldier or maybe that was titled the episode? No. I think that might have been the one that made us stop talking about it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:59]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:00]

good golly. Let me see. Did you actually title it that? Yes. You did. April 15. John hates Falcon and the Winter Soldier.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:07]

Well, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:09]

Alright, John. Keep tuning for Loki next week. Loki next On that note, my friend, this is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:21:17]

Go get a vaccine.

