---
title: "Ted Lasso, Milkshakes, and Irrigation Systems"
episode: 145
date: "2021-07-27T13:43:51.000Z"
slug: ted-lasso-milkshakes-and-irrigation-systems/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around lawn care strategies, specifically weather
  adjustments for watering, with a focus on using local weather stations to
  inform decision-making. The hosts discuss various techniques, including
  adjusting watering schedules based on rainfall amounts and utilizing
  fertilizers like stress blends to address lawn health issues.
keywords:
  - |-
    - Lawn care
    - Watering schedules
    - Weather station usage
    - Fertilizers (stressed lawns)
    - Kang/He Who Remains character discussion
    - Time travel
    - Multiverse concepts
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So how's Taliesin doing, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

He's tired. He's doing alright. He's in the cone of shame.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

He had his big surgery yesterday and got stuck overnight at the vet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah. Alright. His big surgery? The big surgery. Yes. The big surgery. How old is he? He is one year old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

Wow. Is it so is this I I don't remember. I've I've had a girl dog for a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

The big surgery is a little different on that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

Is this something that you do at the one year mark? Is that the thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

apparently, there's a whole bunch of controversy around this. Oh, of course. It's like circumcision. Right? Like, do or do not? There is no try? I don't know. I don't know, man. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

like, some people do it earlier, some people do it as late as 18,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

some people don't do it at all, which you probably aren't gonna do with a female dog unless you're breeding them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

but, you know. I waited till I was 32, but, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

Alright. So so the poor dog does he he was overnight for what what purpose?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:29]

I guess it's just for observation. So we had to drop him off at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

any time. What did he observe it? Like, is he happy after it? Of course not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

No. I think it's just if it gets infected or something like that. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

Anna dropped him off at 07:30

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

yesterday morning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

and then was able to pick him up anytime after nine this morning. So Okay. And how how is how is missus Colmire doing with the news?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

she

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:01]

had a rough time with no dog in the house and then when she went to pick him up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

she heard him kind of in the background when they were trying to put the cone on him.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:10]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:13]

it was rough there, but now he's home. He still loves us. He's been sleeping a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

But yeah. He'll love you until he realizes what you did. Suddenly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

suddenly, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

happened?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

That's all. I don't know. It seemed like when he was leaving, he still loved the vet. So Well, your your dog seems to love everybody. Right? That is true. Yeah. Is that typical for for Goldens or is that like he's just Yeah. So Golden Retrievers tend to have a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

very personable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:44]

personality.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:45]

That's why they make such great service dogs and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

Taliesin is actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

kind of has this chill calm personality compared to other golden retriever puppy puppies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

because other ones are crazy energetic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

I'm not sure that I would have used the word chill to describe Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

Well, maybe not when he was at your house, but around here. He's pretty chill. Yeah. He was he was all over the place. So alright. Well, that's that's good to know. That's good to know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

we'll we'll keep Taliesin in our thoughts. Again, you know, I I know what it's like. I empathize. He seems to be doing alright. He's moving

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

around, sleeping a lot, got some new toys out of the deal. So So he still has the cone on though. Right? Yeah. So the cone will have to stay on basically until he stops

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:35]

trying to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

lick wounds and stuff like that. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's gonna be a while. That's funny. Is he is he running into things getting stuck in places? Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

tried to go into his crate because he likes his crate so much, but it's hard to turn around with a cone on your head when you're in the crate without hitting it, and then he freaks out because he feels like, oh, I wasn't supposed to do that because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

And of course, you're sitting there laughing, but try not to because you feel bad because you're basically making fun of your dog Yeah. In there. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

I feel bad for the guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

Alright. Well, again, we'll keep Taliesin in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

our thoughts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

you know, for a quick and speedy recovery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

so that he can get back to marking marking his territory and not getting stuck in the Hopefully, the surgery has helped with that aspect too, but we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

Oh, John. Oh, John. Alright. Hey, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

I I wonder if I'm gonna be able to find this text

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

that you sent me this morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

This morning? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

You sent me a text this morning. About how I need to move to Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

Well, no. That's I mean, that's not news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

watched Ted Lasso. Oh, yeah. Last Oh, here we go. We were We watched six episodes of Ted Lasso last night. I did find out it was five, so we only watched half the season. Okay. I was just saying it's only like it's only 11 episodes. Right? Or is it 10 or what is 10 episodes is what I saw this morning. Yeah. So I've been telling you to watch this for a while. What what happened that you finally listened to me? But by the way, when I say for a while, I feel like this has been a six month engagement that I've been saying, hey, watch Ted Lasso.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

Well, initially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

like, didn't have a TV plus subscription.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

But this was one of the first things I rattled off, like, you should watch. Right? Right. Yeah. So before this, the only other thing that I've watched is Greyhound.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

So I haven't been watching a lot of TV recently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:26]

but with the dog gone overnight, missus Colmire and I had some more free time than usual.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:31]

So we might put it down. Okay. So this show looks absolutely stupid when you watch Yeah. The trailer's awful, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

I you know, I don't know that it's off so I've reflected a lot on this. I don't know that it's awful so much as that it does not appeal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

to the vast audience that this show appeals to. Right? So it appeals to a specific type of people. This looks kinda like a what's that Shake and Bake movie?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

Oh, Talladega Nights. Yeah. So it kinda looks like that from the trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

It does. It does. No. No. You hit spot on. Right? Like, so I think the trailer appeals to the kind of person, and I'm guilty in what I'm about to say, who liked Talladega Nights. Right? I love that movie. Yeah. However Stupid comedy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

So Right? Now, like stupid cult comedy like the eighties stuff. Yeah. And and so I think the problem is that that trailer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

is only fun for everybody else after you've seen the first couple episodes. Yeah. Right? And so the the I think this is the bar for Ted Lasso is, like, how do you get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

everybody else to watch this show? Because I I think that this is generally one of the best shows that has has come out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

on any of the streaming platforms in the last few years. It has. So when I put it on, I was not expecting to be, first of all, I didn't know that the episodes were only half an hour long, but I was not expecting to watch five episodes and be up till almost 01:00 in the morning watching it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

You said, what was it you said? You said you laughed more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:03]

Yeah. I can't remember the last time I laughed as hard as I did during those episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

And as you iterate, I think the thing that I loved about this show, right, is it's it's funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

It's goofy funny. It's serious funny, and then there's also a like a legit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

dramatic element to it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

It it is so hard not to love Sudeikis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

and I'd I'd never liked anything he's ever been in before. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

But he's fantastic. It's it's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

I I don't know that I can say it's a feel good comedy because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

really, especially early at episode five, right, like there's not a lot to feel good about in episode five. Yeah. So like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:44]

really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:45]

what surprised me was how quickly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

you kind of like the characters,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

like almost all of them. Yeah. Even the ones that you are written so that you don't like them. Right. But like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

the star soccer player's girlfriend, like when she was first introduced, I'm like, alright. But then you like actually care what's going on in her storyline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

So Yep. It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

I was surprised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

Yeah. No. I'm totally with you. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

is it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

Hannah Waddingham,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

who's Rebecca?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

Right? Like, I you're gonna spend this whole season trying to decide whether or not you love or hate her. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

So Right now, I kinda like her, so this was right after the auction for anybody who's watched it. Oh, you're you're gonna be you're gonna be all over the place. It's such I love the Anthony Stewart head

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

cast as him, cast as her ex husband.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he was in Buffy. He was in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

the BBC Merlin show as King Uther.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

So it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

kind of fun to see him in this role too. Okay. Who do you think is my favorite character? And then you have you have to take Jason Sudeikis out of this. Right? Like, everybody loves Ted Lasso.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:02]

Your favorite character? Yeah. Come on. Don't know. I wanna say, the assistant coach Beard. Yes. Yes. Coach Beard. Coach Beard. So I liked him for the chess stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

Oh. Keeps revisiting the chess club. Brendan Hunt, first of all, plays this so well, but that character has so much bizarre depth. Even from, like, the first episode on the plane,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

the whole time you're thinking is, like, first of all, what is what is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

like, creating this loyalty?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

You know? Right. And then, you have this profound philosophy that he drops at every turn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

you know? And John, the other thing that I love because I'm I'm all about the like the bro couple Yep. You know. Right? He's basically completely man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

He is. He absolutely is. What do all these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

soccer terms mean? Yeah. Oh, it's it's wonderful. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

before the end of the season, you will love Roy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

you will adore Sam.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

I think you can even, like, stomach Colin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

Yeah. I really like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

Oh, Nathan. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

Yeah. It's like the water boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

Oh

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

my god. Also the secret weapon. Yeah. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

Yeah. Nate Nate only gets better too. I these these characters are so endearing. Yeah. So it's not like the three main characters. It's everybody. It's like Yep. So Yeah. And and Higgins, poor Higgins. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

You'll you'll love and hate Higgins and then just like, again, you this is a great show. I am super excited for season two, which is just around the corner. You're what? Yeah. By time this by the time this airs, season two will have hit already.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

So so you have to finish Ted Lasso season one. Binge the rest of it. Right? Between today tonight and tomorrow, there's no way we don't finish this. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

so then you get the joy of watching the episodes as they come out. And this is the thing, like, I think Netflix

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

has missed the mark on this. It took me a long time to get to this point, and and Amazon too. Right? But but both Apple and Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

release these episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

week to week, and so they there's this emotional buildup

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

and joy of when it's released that you do not get when the whole season's dropped. Now, granted, Disney Disney Plus has screwed up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

a bunch of shows with doing this, but I'm telling you, man, the Apple Plus shows

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

have been really worthwhile

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

with this kind of, like I look forward to it. And just from a marketing standpoint, you have a whole week of people speculating

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

or reviewing. You get, like, BuzzFeed articles or us talking about Loki episodes on the podcast and things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

Whereas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

when I was watching Netflix shows like that, and I didn't buy into a lot of the Netflix original content,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

but for like Marvel shows and stuff like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

you basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

watch it. You binge watch it over a weekend or whatever, but you don't necessarily watch it the day it comes out if you don't have time to invest in that. And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

you're like, what's next? So they have to put out more and more content rather than just spacing the content they have out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

One of the things you get to do when Ted Lasso is rolling out episode by episode is you get to love Ted Lasso

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

with the rest of the Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

Right? Right. And so, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

not everybody can sit down and binge a whole season,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

but they can binge a thirty minute episode. It's not even bingy. Right? You you watch a thirty minute episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

and and if you do within a couple of days, you you go and you see, like, articles are coming out about this, and you're speculating, you're having conversations, you're, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

remembering and rejoicing in this storyline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

and then you you got a week. Like, everybody catches up to watch this thing, and I I think there's something I think there's something great about that. I think we lost that for a bit. You know, I I look back to Star Trek The Next Generation, which was the first show that I sat and waited for episodes to come out. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

And I it was a highlight of my week. Right? Like, was a buildup to it. I even remember I would look in the TV guide to read a little blip about, like, what may or may not happen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

And you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

we lost that for a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

and I I think that shows Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

big,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:17]

like, I guess the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

kind of recent past one that was huge was Lost.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:22]

Like, Lost took us to a whole new level. Yep. Unfortunately, they screwed up the last season. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

profoundly screwed it up. Yeah. So bad. But I but I I do think there's been this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

we we as a as a culture, shifted to waiting for the whole season to drop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

and then we don't get that, like, almost I sound feel so weird seeing this, John, but this communal element of watching it together and waiting together for the next episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

and I think that there's something enjoyable about that. Like, if I had to wait

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

if if they dropped the whole season, I had to wait for you to get to the end, that would drive me bonkers. And by the time you got to it, I don't think it would be as fun to talk about it. So maybe if you can catch up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

because look he's over. Right. We we can talk about Ted Lasso episode to episode. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

So Yeah. What's the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

the word escapes me, but we've lost the sense of communal

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:19]

pop culture. So there was a standard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

people all read Harry Potter when it came out, or they at least knew the basic things. There's just these cultural references

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

where I wouldn't be able to tell you anything about Stranger Things because I never watched any of it. Right. Yeah. And and I think Stranger Things, like there's this is not a good word for it, but it's like a more cultish following. Right? Yeah. Because it was less approachable by virtue of everything being available on day one, and you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

because everything's available on day one, so much gets spoiled for you so quickly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

you know? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

That you don't have that effect with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

with these shows that get dropped episode by episode. So the problem with the Apple ones now are, like, you're gonna have a bunch of people who don't have any Apple product who have no interest in subscribing to Apple TV plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

And yeah. And that's fair. I will say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

I I think with Ted Lasso, you've gotten the best

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

reason to subscribe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

to Apple TV plus. Right? Like Yeah. Would you pay $4.99 for Just this the way that they oh, yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

Yeah. There you go. Alright. That that's it. That's it. Right? Like, I would have paid $4.99 for this show. And the way that Apple, like, initially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

promoted this, they brought in people like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

Jennifer Aniston in the morning show Yep. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

whatever Aquaman's name is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

Jason Momoa or Samoa? Momoa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

Wait. Hold on. What's what's the what's the cookie? The Girl Scout cookie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

Samoa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

Samoa. That's not his name, though? No. It's Momoa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:48]

Okay. Always get Daniel Sanchez is yelling at you again. Yes. He is. Because apparently he messed up somebody's name from Seinfeld.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:55]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

Oh, I said

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

said Allen's instead of a lane. Of a lane. Sorry. Sorry, Dan Chess. Jason Momoa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

Yeah. No. No. And and those are good shows. Those are well written.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

Ted Lasso does something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

different in that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

it's just a really great story, and it's funny and fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

Right? Like, I it it's so hard to get

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

all three of those with decent acting and decent writing, and these are above decent. They are even stepping

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

into a harder territory

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

where to do this by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

jumping into the sports realm because in general, sports movie, okay, ultimately the team either wins or loses, but there's so much going on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

in this that is way above that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you think soccer's a sport, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Soccer is definitely a sports fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

I'm just joking. I'm just joking. Biggest sport in the world. Simon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

if you're still listening, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. No. No. I I you're you're totally right. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

I I I was trying to think I thought a lot about this too. What was the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

sport,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

like, TV show, sitcom show I watched that I liked? First of there are not a lot in the first place. There are very few that are fiction,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

and I came back with Friday Night Lights, which was not funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Right. Right? That was not that was not intended to be a funny show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

It was a it was a soap opera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

for for lack of a better term,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

but it was good, you know. This is just so much better. Yeah. I think I think there's something bold about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

dabbling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

the sports genre,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

you know, like involving that. And then also, like this this I'm sorry. This show is mostly being released to Americans who probably do not watch soccer or futbol.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

True. Right? Futbol is life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

I love that guy. What's what's his name? I can't have you gotten to him yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

No, you haven't. Okay. Don't worry about it. Ignore what I just said. You'll get there. You'll get there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

That whole reference is gonna make so much more sense in a couple episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

but suffice to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

I I'd like this show. I think you should check out Mythic Quest next. That's that's my Okay. My pitch to you. So it's a little different. You asked me if Anna would like it. I have no idea. I I truly have no idea. Missus Lemon loves it. I think it's it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

fun,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

and it's funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

It does not deal with the seriousness the same way that Ted Lasso does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

It's I think it's increasingly becoming my number two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

favorite show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

Nice. On Apple TV plus. And I thus far, I've liked almost everything I've watched,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

which which is hard. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

yeah, I'm an Apple fanboy, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna like every TV show they release. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

I I just think they've been really picky about content, and they've done really good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

Yeah, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

Well, now we're going on twenty minutes into this episode and we have not talked about anything that was actually on our list of things to talk about that was already too long and we started moving things to next week. Oh my goodness. Alright. Our new year's resolutions revisiting that we've been talking about for three weeks now. We'll get there. We'll get there. You're that's day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:17]

You had listed a milkshake review. I have not heard about you having a milkshake. Go for it, John. I had a milkshake. We visited this relatively new place. Was open the last couple months in Marion, which is basically a suburb of Cedar Rapids

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:32]

called Friday, f r y d a e,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:36]

and they're basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

french fries and ice cream.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:40]

So cool little thing. I ordered some poutine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:44]

which was a respectable showing. The brown gravy was the weakest part.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You cannot say it was a respectable showing and then say that the gravy was the weakest part. Hey. For an American poutine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

like, was actually poutine. It was french fries, gravy, cheese curds, and some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

green onion on top as garnish. What what are the fundamental elements of poutine? It's it's the fries and the gravy. Right? And the cheese curds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

Are are cheese curds the fun part of the fundamental pieces? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

You're you're a 100 sure that you cannot go to okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. I don't listen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

Poutine's not my area of poutine. These are not fried cheese curds. These are just like the squeaky cheese curds. Squeaky. Okay. Squeaky when they're in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

poutine. Okay. So here here's here's where I'm I'm gonna take issue with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

If you say it's a respectable showing for poutine, don't they have to get the core ingredients of poutine right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

If I was in Canada, this would not be good poutine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

So I I don't understand why we're talking about it being a respectable showing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

For

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:49]

middle of nowhere Iowa, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:51]

Oh, you're right. Look at this, dictionary.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

a dish of french fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

I I just I think that to Canada, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:01]

You could talk to my my father-in-law, like, him and Swirla came back with loads of poutine, all different kinds, so, like, you can add other things on top of that base,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

Wait. When you say they came back with it, like, brought it across the border? No. They took it to the campus that we were staying on for the youth conference. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

I I just I'm sorry. I didn't mean to totally derail on this. I I really think that if your gravy game is not on point with poutine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

it cannot possibly be a respectable poutine. But I I derailed your Friday respectable showing. I didn't say respectable poutine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

What's what's the difference, John? What's Alright. I don't Just tell me about tell me about Friday. Tell me about Friday. So they got that. They got a whole missus Kollmeyer got,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

I don't know, something with, like, cheddar cheese all melted on top of it. It looked like nachos on french fries. Actually, was sweet potato fries, so you can choose your fry, straight cut waffle or sweet potato. Woah. So that was Okay. Hold on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

For you can choose your fry for poutine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

I think you can. I went with straight fries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

Well, I was just saying, like, I've never seen a Canadian advertisement for a poutine that did not involve straight fries.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:12]

Well, they're trying to serve their customers and give them what they want. Have it, you're wasting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

I would say but customers don't know what they want. Right? Isn't that the Steve Jobs quote?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:20]

Yes. But not everybody is Steve Jobs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

Alright. So I'm sorry. Which which poutine did you eat? You got the straight Canadian? I got Canadian poutine. Yeah. Okay. Which is brown gravy, fresh cheese curds, and green onion. I'm looking at the menu right here. Alright. So what did missus Colmire get?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

You know what's funny? This is interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

The other ones are not labeled poutine. They're just labeled fries. Yeah. They're just they're fries

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

with stuff on top. Okay. Well, this is false representation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

You had presented this as a poutine place, like ice cream and poutine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:49]

No. I said ice cream and french fries. Know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

Made it sound like there were other versions of poutine available. I ordered poutine. No. The place in Canada has other versions of poutine available. I don't remember what it is, but it was This conversation is stressing me out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

How how was the milkshake, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

The milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

was bad from the get go. So my standard first place to go is chocolate milkshake. That's kind of the standard by which I review milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

And the first thing she says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

we're out of chocolate ice cream, but we can throw a bunch of chocolate sauce in it and make it really chocolatey. And you changed your order, right? I did not. I went with it because this is the judging.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

So out it comes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

no whipped cream, no cherry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

too thick for the straw, not mixed well. So Oh, no. I I would give this a f.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:45]

This is a failed milkshake place. Will you go back again at all? I will go back again. So they had lots of, like, interesting flavors of ice cream, and it wasn't the chocolate shop stuff like Wileepalooza,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

so I think I would try some of that. Missus Kollmeyer got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:00]

something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

Jack Danielsy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

I'm sorry. Which which fries did missus Kolmeyer get?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:08]

Let me look through the menu.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

Because I I'm looking at this in the the Korean barbecue kimchi fries. So I think she just got the Uptown bacon cheese fries. So this is an Uptown Marion,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:19]

which is why they have the Uptown bacon cheese fries,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

which is the first thing that shows on the menu here. I don't remember if it was in person too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

But I would want I would want these Korean barbecue kimchi fries because I would wanna know what boom boom sauce is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

There's more crab fries, which seems like a risk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

Mexican

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

street corn fries, which could be good, but I don't know how the corn stays

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

on the fries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

Yeah. It's a good question. I I I would need to see a picture. Alright. I I gotta ask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

A few episodes back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

you established the standard at least I think you established it. I don't remember establishing it, but maybe I did, that you should not eat regional foods outside of their region.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

Because we we discussed this in light of hot chicken. I was so yeah. I was so sad with the Nashville hot chicken fries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

Can Canada

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

has a few regional foods. Like, milk in a bag, that's a regional food. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

Poutine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

though, is another one. So I have to ask, knowing your standard that you should not eat regional foods outside of the region,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

what makes you go to this place and order poutine, man? Especially if they have here's the thing. This is my this is my biggest problem with this whole thing. I'm gonna just I'm gonna put a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

You do not have to call it Canadian poutine. That's If it's poutine, it's Canadian. So the fact that on the menu they label it Canadian poutine means that already it's probably not Canadian nor is it poutine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

But So why why would why is that where you would go, John? That's that's all I wanna know. Alright. So like, this is hard to mess up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:57]

They messed up in the not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

Clearly not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:01]

Well, gravy is hard to do, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

Gravy is exceptionally hard to do. That's the whole point of poutine. Right? This is what was trying to get at. Like, if you start talking about a respectable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

showing and you're like, the gravy's bad, any any any old, you know, joke and fry up french fries. Cheese curds at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

all, Stan. Like, just look at Five Guys french fries. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

but what I like, of the three ingredients,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

right, cheese curds, I don't think those are hard to make. Not to mention, you could just get them in a bag from Wisconsin. Right? Sure. Any anybody can order cheese curds today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

Yes. My local farm market has cheese curds and they they look presentable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

I'm sure they're Gravy gravy is straight up art. Okay? There's no science involved in there. It is purely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

a human being, animal fat and flour

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

trying to find that perfect harmonious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

liquid that's not quite a liquid because it's not quite a solid either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

Right? So the gravy texture was fine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

but the taste was off. Think it needed more pepper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:08]

It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:10]

probably came out of a package, honestly. Yeah. God. No. Please say it's not so I don't know. I can't confirm, but that that would be my guess. But, you know. I So, Stan, you clearly have thought more about gravy than I did before I ordered this, and I figure how can you go wrong with gravy. Right? Oh, you can you can go horribly wrong with gravy. This is Hey. I'm used to Thanksgiving and making my own, Stan, So I very rarely have ordered gravy somewhere else. When missus Lemon makes good gravy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

when she turns her head, I will take the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

glass that it's in and I will drink it. Straight up drink it. K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

Because good gravy is is, like that's the perfect balance of harmony in the universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

Right? There's nothing more special and and precious than good gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

I and that that's that's why I like poutine, just to be clear. Right? Because in America, we take french fries and we dip them in ketchup. In Canada,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

they they pour gravy over them, and that Right. Right there is sophistication.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

Okay? Right. It's that French influence.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:15]

Whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:17]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

so I don't know. The fries were good. I wanna try the waffle fries and go back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:24]

They have these loaded shake things, which just seems like a bad idea at this point. But maybe since they are actually on the menu and not just a straight up shake, maybe they put more thought into it and craft them better, but I kinda doubt it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

Okay, John. We got three things to pick from. You ready? Ready. We're only gonna do one. This episode is too long already. Toro irrigation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

Traeger. What do you wanna talk about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:50]

Let's talk about irrigation since that went in first. Oh, alright. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

So per your recommendation last summer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

Because?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

I should I should back up. Last summer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

we had forty five days without any rain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

in my neighborhood. Yep. Right? My ground was so hard that I went in, I took my rain gauge to move it, and I broke the bottom off of it, like, just completely sheared it off because it was basically concrete.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

And that was while I was trying to water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

So I believe it was last summer that I ordered the Impact,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

Sprinkler. I think that's when I ordered it. You were using it most of the year, so it might have been, like, early last summer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

Yeah. Well, we I mean, we stopped having rain at the May. Like Right. It it got dry. So I ordered it this year. Yeah. I ordered an impact sprinkler and I was moving it around and I've got about a quarter acre. Right? I got a lot of area to cover. Yep. And my my daughter, Lucy, would help me move,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

you know, the sprinkler and we try to soak a zone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

And I told you that you needed to try to get an inch down a week if you wanted to stay green. Yeah. Which is basically impossible in my space. Right? Like, even if I wanted to, the water pressure is not there to make it happen. Yep. You know, it's it's further complicated by the fact that I should not be watering during the day. Right, John? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

Yeah. So Morning is the best time to water your lawn. Well, I'm not getting my butt out of bed at 3AM to start watering. It ain't it ain't gonna happen. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

you gave me perhaps sage advice, we'll we'll see. To do what?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

I said that you should go for an irrigation system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

Yeah. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

I I did not tell you this when you made this recommendation, but I'm just gonna be really clear with you right now. When missus Lemon and I first got married, we used to drive around looking at houses, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

for us, to see a house with an irrigation system, that was like the peak of luxury. That was opulence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

Right? That's that's how we knew that those people in that house had made it big because they had a sprinkler system.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:51]

Or had a lot of consumer debt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

Yeah. Well, whatever. Like, you know, in America, it's all the same. But but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

success did go hand in hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

No. Like, this this was in my mindset that, I would never have a sprinkler system because this was this was like the peak of opulence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

There are a bunch of people in my neighborhood that have sprinklers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:12]

Yep. Moved

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:14]

to this bougie neighborhood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

Oh my god.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

Have I really? I hope I haven't. You have a little bit. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

That'll that'll be in the after show. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

so the the thing is though, I I went ahead and I got on a list, and I finally got my irrigation system, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

And so I'm I should check and look and see Didn't you randomly run into this guy in your neighborhood, or was that something else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

Oh, no. That was the aerator guy. The aerator. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

Which that's a whole other that's a whole other complexity. When I get aerated this year, I don't even know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

Mark has sprinkler heads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

Oh my gosh. It's like this stresses me out thinking about it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

guess it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

was on the seventh. So it was two weeks ago today. I had this irrigation system installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

And out of two weeks, John, we've had rain every day but three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:07]

Sorry, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

That's how do you how do you plan around that? But Some variation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

of Murphy's Law.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

Internet Google that. You'll you'll learn learn about Murphy's Law. It'll be valuable to you. No. So I this system, it's a Hunter system. There's an app called Hydrawise made by Hunter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

that I use to manage it. It's really it's really interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

It's not a bad app, but I I realized that the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

the whole idea of skipping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

a watering because of triggers, that's this whole concept, like, if I've gotten so much rain in a certain number of days,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

skip the watering. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

It it doesn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

it doesn't work well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

So if I skip to day why if you walk around your neighborhood, you'll see a bunch of people watering in the rain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

Well, they water in the rain. They also just water every day for a little bit. Yeah. Right? And I'm on the John Kolmeyer plan out here So in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

I'm trying to get a half inch. By the way, my neighbors are wondering why I keep moving the rain gauge from zone to zone. They just think I'm moving it from raining parts of the the the lawn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

But because I don't run this thing a lot, I've been trying to measure how much rain falls and keep track of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

But, yeah, I go for a half inch at a time, which is a lot longer than most people are comfortable with. Yep. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

If I skip a day because I've had rainfall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

the problem becomes like when, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

do I wait till the next regularly scheduled day? I I I don't know. Like, this is it's hard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:43]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:45]

the John Colmire plan

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

wants your grass to be the healthiest that it can be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:52]

So to do that Sounds like an army poster just by the way. You're you're supposed to water deeply

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:58]

and infrequently

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

because the grass roots will chase the water.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

So if you run your water, your sprinklers for fifteen minutes every morning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

all the water is in this top half inch of your soil, so the roots start to grow up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

Then when the heat hits, the roots can survive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

So I have a multi hour

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

run,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

first and foremost. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

The so and I do it twice a week. That's like that's how it's scheduled. I think it's Monday and Thursday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

The the thing I'm struggling with is if Monday is skipped because I've had, you know, I think it's five inches of rain in the last four days or something like that. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

Is that okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

Like, should I should I let it wait till Thursday or should I try to do it sooner? Do you get what I'm saying?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:44]

I would skip it. So basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:46]

you wanna shoot between three fourths of an inch to one inch of water per week, seven day period.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

So I just when this thing skips a cycle, I just I go with it. So like if you get a downpour on Sunday and it's three inches of rain on Sunday, you probably don't have to water at all that week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:06]

Okay. Now that can change if you're in the 98 degrees for the rest of the week and it's sunny and your whole yard gets a ton of sun, so it will dry out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:15]

So, basically, look at your grass,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:18]

and it will kinda tell you what it needs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:20]

Right now, it is green and long. Yeah. So if the grass starts to turn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

like, a grayish green, that means it probably wants water.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:31]

If the dark green color starts to kinda pale a little, it probably needs iron and nitrogen. So throw it on to fertilizer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

Well, put down that stress blend you asked. Yep. So that will also help with the grass blades retaining water more. So stressed lawns,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

the best thing to give them is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:51]

potassium,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:52]

because it helps build cell structure and retain water and stuff like that. And I think that stress blend had, like, a ton of potassium compared Yeah. To other So it's like 8%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:01]

nitrogen and 20% potassium,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

which is crazy. Okay. Here's here's my weather station watering adjustments,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

just FYI.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

I will not water if within the last twenty four hours,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

I have had point five inches or higher of rain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

And then I will not water when in the last five days, the rainfall has been higher than one inch, which I believe you told me to adjust that to. Right? Yeah. That sounds like a good starting point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

Okay. Now, this uses a local weather station. I think it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

pretty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

accurate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

but I'm keeping an eye on it. I think that last one is the one that I might adjust. I think I started down at three days and you had me bump it up to five. Right. We'll play with it. We'll see. Yeah. And right now, your weather is weird because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:48]

how often do you get three

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

inches of rain in a storm? Like It's yeah. It's been it's been nuts. And you're not getting any rain. Right? I'm not getting any. So I'm looking out and I've got 90 some degree temperatures and no rain in sight, but 90% humidity which kinda helps. So there's that. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

good gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

As it continues. As it continues. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

Alright, my what happens if you ever stop getting rain. If I ever stop getting rain. Well and so for next week, we'll talk about the Toro saga and the new mower, but I'll just leave it at that. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:23]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

Go get a vaccine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

So did you watch Loki?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

And?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:47]

There was another great scene of people sitting in a room having conversation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

I really think that's been the secret sauce to this show. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

oh, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:00]

Did you I I did not expect there to be a cliffhanger for season two, did you? No. I didn't know that there was gonna be a season two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

I don't think it was confirmed, at least not that I know of. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

I I cannot possibly sit here and not be excited about more Tom Hiddleston and more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

Lightning McQueen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

I I don't know, man. What did you think of Kang?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

So this was not Kang.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

It's Kang. Was He Who Remains, a variant of Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

remember what he says. I've gone by many names and one of the ones they list off is the conqueror. Yep. I guarantee you that Kang is his first name.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:40]

Okay. Fair enough. So But he's not king of conqueror.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

He's not referred to that in this show. However A variant of him is. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

Who knows who knows what the variant is? Like, I think this is the crazy thing. He basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

throws away the notion that the variants are somehow independent. Right? Like, there's this interweaving

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:59]

of the variants. And it is interesting because he said he's traveled through all of time and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:05]

Yeah. It's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

I I did a little bit a little bit of research on King of the Conqueror leading into this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

and the the premise of the original King and the Conqueror in the comics is basically that the Dark Ages never happened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

Right? So if the Dark Ages don't happen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

then technology continues to evolve, and where would technology be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

if you didn't have the dark ages? That's like the premise of King, and time time travel is part of it, you know? Right. So he is the one who discovers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:34]

the multiverse,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:35]

basically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:36]

Yeah. I mean, as far as we know. Right? That's what they led us to believe. This was really a very heady

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:43]

Marvel episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

but they made Yeah. It a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

This whole show's been pretty heady if you stop and think about it. Sure. Minus that episode was three or four, which is a total Three. Total ways three. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

I I don't know, man. I was try like, the whole time I kept thinking, like, please don't don't be like lost. Please don't be like lost. Please don't be like lost. Right? I need you to wrap this up, and then it cliffhanged. You're cliffhanged? Cliffhanger? Whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

let me let me ask you this. Let me let me kinda, like, spin this. We've had three Marvel TV shows Yep. Marvel Disney plus TV shows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:21]

We all know that Falcon and the Winter Soldier is at the bottom. Yep. Was this better or worse than WandaVision?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:28]

This was better overall. Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:30]

think so too. Because it was just that one episode that didn't fit in Right. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:35]

And it would've if they would've just played through. Like, it would've been a low point was a bad editor. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

Bad editor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

How much of that is just Tom Hiddleston, do you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:50]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:51]

don't know. I I wouldn't say the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:54]

greater majority of it is. I think that the writing was really great. I think Owen Wilson was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:59]

great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

Like, Lady Loki is the only low point. Like, even the other Loki variants in the last couple episodes were pretty awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

Oh, yeah. Elder Loki, I thought was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:12]

And kid Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:14]

Kid Loki was comical. Right? There's not there's not a lot of depth there, but but he was he was comical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:19]

Even Alligator Loki, you know, totally So worth

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:22]

apparently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:23]

there was a cameo of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:25]

the frog Thor, which I guess has appeared in comics before, like in a brief behind the wall something. I saw this on the internet after the fact, so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:35]

There's there's so much,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

like, lore that gets packed into these things. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

I don't know, man. I'm I'm hopeful that 100 b 15 makes it into next season. I don't I don't know that she will. I hope so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:52]

Yep. Ravonna is a really fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

you know, and the depth there and how that folds all in. I'm really curious. So we have this bizarre thing at the end, right, where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:03]

part of the multiverse has been reset because Mobius is suddenly, like, not aware of Loki.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:10]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:11]

Yeah. He has no idea who he is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

So I I am just curious, like, how far did that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

reach out first of all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:19]

So I imagine it affects the TVA completely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:22]

because so I called

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:24]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:25]

Lady Loki was going to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:27]

kill him and Loki Loki was going to be against it when he was explaining like what the options were. Like, I called that. Like, this is where they split, this is what's gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:39]

So I think that the TVA

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:41]

is completely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:43]

in disarray.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

So like Well, it's a facade. Right? Like, the whole thing's been a facade,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:50]

and and I don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

the way that Kang presents it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

is like, think he's messing with everybody. I think he's fully aware

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:59]

of what happens, and I I honestly think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:02]

because, again, what little I know about Kain from the comics,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

like, imaginations are pretty deep. And so I think what what he is doing in this episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

is is playing Loki against Sylvie for some goal that he has that happens after it's all done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

Right? Like, I think he needs that variant to die,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

which is weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:23]

And again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

there's so much going on with the the multiverse that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

you know, we're just getting a taste of, honestly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

there's a lot of depth here. So we know Ant Man, Quantum Ant Man and the Wasp, Quantum Manium, rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:39]

King and the Conqueror

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

is cast as King and the Conqueror.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

I don't remember when that releases, maybe in the fall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:47]

You gotta think false. I don't know. You gotta think that there's some play into Doctor Strange. Right? Because the Multiverse of Madness Yep. Is the title of the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:58]

Well, there's Spider Man. There's another Spider Man. You gotta know you gotta think that the Multiverse factors into that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

I think it is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:06]

it's difficult to imagine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:09]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:09]

the next Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

does not somehow touch part of what's going on here. Right. One, because chronologically it has to, but two, like you got Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

Thor Thor's gonna have to be doing something similar too, you know, I I don't know. Damn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:26]

I also wonder now because Love and Thunder is the title we know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

Padme

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:34]

Natalie Porte. Reappears. Right. Yeah. Your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:38]

your love interest before Before I started following her on Instagram.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:42]

So Oh, well, there you go. I was I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

I tried, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:47]

No. So we we know that she recurs. I kinda wonder now if,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:51]

Lady Thor is actually a multiverse character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

rather than from from the was I I always get this messed up. Is it Earth six six six

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:01]

sixteen? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:03]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

you know, there's a whole bunch we can play with here. I don't know what's coming. I'm actually really glad that they're giving us a second season of this. Yep. I I think I think I needed this because WandaVision felt like a one off. Yep. Falcon and the Winter Soldier felt like a one off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:18]

Maybe it's not. Maybe both are gonna have a second season. Falcon and Winter Soldier, could see you go into another season. I just hope that it improves now that they know who the next Captain America is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:28]

Yeah. I mean, I think that Anthony Mackie reprises

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

his role,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:33]

maybe has a standalone movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:35]

I don't know if they do another season of this, possibly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:39]

We've got that whole Sharon Carter thing that's going on that we don't know. Plus, we've got Ellen from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:46]

from Seinfeld.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:47]

Sorry, Danjes. Elaine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:50]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:51]

know? So so all that's going on. Right? She's was she's Lady Hydra? Isn't that her name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

Some countess something or other. Countess. Yeah. She's got a whole mouthful. Yep. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

I was pleased. I was happy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:06]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:08]

I never know how to feel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:09]

on a cliffhanger. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:12]

But it was alright. Like, I I can I can wait for what's what's coming next? So Yeah. We got what? We got one more year of our Disney plus subscription left? Was that it? Yeah. Because like our first year, nothing came out until the very end of that first year. So Well, there was there was Mandalorian season one. I I count the Disney plus years. So we our subscriptions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:31]

were for three years, and I count them by TV shows. So we had Mandalorian season one, we had Mandalorian season two, and then we had WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:38]

That's how I count the years. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:41]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:42]

Boba Fett would be year four,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:45]

I think. Sounds

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:47]

Maybe? I don't know. I watched through all of the Pixar movies, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:51]

Yeah. Your your concept of time is long gone. Hey, did you watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:56]

Raya Raya? However you say it in the third? Not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:58]

No. That's not Pixar. That's Disney animation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:01]

Yeah. But it's it's like they're all the same thing these days. But I think that's out of premium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:07]

whatever now, isn't it? It is. Yeah. Totally worth watching. Alright. It wasn't the best by any stretch, but it was good. Also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:14]

you heard it here first folks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:17]

Mulan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:19]

worth watching.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:20]

Yeah. This surprised me when you said that, so I might have I actually liked it. I really liked it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:26]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:28]

On that note, until next time, John. Later.
