---
title: Picard
episode: 81
date: '2020-01-30T14:59:15.000Z'
slug: picard/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright. So I got some follow-up, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

This this was a rough week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

Oh, yeah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Yeah. So all of the shoes went back. All of them. All of them? Yep. All seven pairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

Technically, eight because there was one from the previous box I retained Ah. And changed my mind on. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

So I'm still shoeless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

I feel even more lost. I did attempt to find a place that would fit me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

for shoes, you know, kinda like you suggested in the last episode. Right. Alas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

I do not know what that place is. Really? What happened to that whole New Balance store that you have to drive forty five minutes to?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Well, I looked up reviews, and it wasn't so hot. So I was about ready to commit, you know, an hour and a half of drive time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:11]

Is there a cobbler

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

Indianapolis?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

If there is, I haven't been able to find him. I think, like, that's a dying art, first of all. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:22]

I don't know. There might be one in Louisville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

There could be. I I will say that most everything I've read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

suggested I should just go to a podiatrist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

And that seems like a really expensive way just to get a new pair of shoes for Disney.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

Agreed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

Anyhow, I think the conclusion that I've reached is that New Balance is probably not my brand, and so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

I'm gonna I'm gonna keep looking. That's what it comes down to. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

What's next? Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

Do you have any So last week. Yeah. No. No. No. Oh, as far as brands go? Yeah. I'm gonna hearken back to my trustworthy Merrells. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

Fair enough. I'm gonna try a different different kind of Merrell, but we'll see. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

Other follow-up last week, I talked about my shark RoboVac and how fantastic it was, and of course, it broke.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:15]

That's what you get talking about it on the podcast. Yeah. It's it's well within warranty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

missus Lemon called up Shark today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

They walked through the issue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

They decided that they would replace the body, basically, the the bulk of the unit. Right? K. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

then they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

asked her for a credit card to bill $25.95

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

shipping and handling. Seriously?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

Yeah. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

missus Zumman was like, hold on. I need to put you on hold and talk to my husband. And and I I was like, look.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

You tell that customer support person

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

I that I will pay it because it's better than not having it. Right? But this is going on Twitter and my podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

So here we are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

Here we are. They didn't have the power to, like, do right by you? They actually did. They actually did. The lady so my wife got back on the phone. She said, well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

we're not really happy about this. And the lady said, please hold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

And then proceeded to explain that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

they were gonna do a special one time comp on the shipping and handling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

So I I'm just I'm just gonna go on the record right now saying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

that was pretty crappy. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

I cannot, at this point, endorse Shark customer support. Now they're gonna replace the unit. Right. Right? That's good. Pro call. When it gets here well, let's just make sure that everything goes smoothly Complete before the unit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

I'm not impressed with this whole phone call business that missus Loving went through. So shame on them. Shame on them. Can't buy your product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

No. I thought that just seems like a bad idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

That just seems like a real bad idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:59]

there you go. You had a really good customer support experience this week, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:06]

I did? Didn't you have, like, a seven

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:10]

tweet thread that you were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

Echobee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

Yes. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

That was technically last week. But, yes, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

raved about Echobee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

Here's here's the here's the story. Ready? Buckle in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

So I bought this house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

It'll be two years ago in April,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

which is kinda wild when I say it out loud. But this house was two and a half ish years old when I bought it, and it had ecobee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

thermostats installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

And I I love them. I'm a huge ecobee fan. I can't imagine life without ecobee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

But my one remote sensor started dropping out, and I couldn't figure out what was up. I swapped them. So the because I've got two thermostats. One upstairs, one downstairs. K. Two external sensors, one upstairs, one downstairs. Swapped those, thought maybe that was the issue. Kept dropping off, still downstairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

Thought, that's suspicious. Changed all the batteries. You know, kinda went through all the usual stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

Finally, I emailed Ecobee, and we went through all the usual stuff together by email.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

And it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

I I was I was pretty much suspicious that I was going to need to replace the remote sensor. Right. So that was the conclusion that I could be reached, and so they sent me a new remote sensor. No questions asked. Yeah. No no questions asked. Nothing. Right? They just know, I mean, it shouldn't say no questions. They asked me for my address,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

but that that was it. So didn't happen to look that, you know, these units are probably about four, four and a half years old. You know, didn't happen to look at, like, the fact that I'm the second owner. I mean, they were registered to a previous owner, so I'm sure they can see that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

they just sent me a new one. So, you know, hooked it up. Same problem with the the, the thermostat downstairs. I just kept dropping off. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

again, like, I'm just thinking, great. What does what could this possibly mean? I start googling around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

find some similar issues where, basically, the the radio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

in the thermostat itself that it uses to connect to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

the remote sensors will will go bad, will will die. You know, these things run hot. It's just it is what it is. True. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

just, you know, emailed back and said, hey. The remote sensor's not working. Any other possibilities? And they actually brought up this radio idea,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

and we we ran another couple tests, and they they finally emailed me. They're like, look. The radio in the unit has probably gone bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

We'd like to replace it. I was like, wait. What? Because again, you know, four years old. Right? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

then they emailed me back again, mister Lemon, we're really sorry, but we don't carry your unit in stock anymore. And I'm sitting here thinking, of course, you don't because it's a four year old piece of equipment. Like, why would you? And and I really assumed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

at that point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

it would be done. But instead, they asked me, would you mind if we send you the current unit, the one that's got Alexa integrated, has a special smart sensor, like, all all this stuff. Sure. And I was like, what am I gonna say? Are gonna say no? Absolutely not. I want the old one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

So they sent it to me. I still have the extra sensor Yeah. Right, that they sent before. You know, that's like $40.45

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

bucks. Right. The the thermostat they sent me, I don't was, 250. Wasn't cheap. But I I put it in, and it worked. All the sensors started playing nice again, and everything's back to normal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:28]

And again, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

they they didn't question how long I've had it. Nothing. Like, they just wanted to make me a happy customer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

and they didn't have to. I didn't expect them to. It was just it was just pretty fantastic. They were easy to work with. Going above and beyond.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

Yeah. And they they also the other thing that I really appreciated was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

in my email exchanges, nobody treated me like a dummy, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

I I just could not be any happier with the experience. So I I'm an ecobee customer for life,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

period. I I will swear by these units. I mean, I've yeah. I I I just they won me over. Right? Like, I was already a happy customer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

and I would have been perfectly content to buy another unit, but I didn't need to. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

So you know why they didn't treat you like a dummy, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

You know those help desk softwares and how it can pull up the customer's name and, like, all their social profiles and where they live and stuff like that? It's because they saw a software architect for Salesforce,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:29]

and they knew.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

Active on Twitter as podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

Well, you know what? Here's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

I just finished off my beer, but here's to social engineering. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

nonetheless, John, I I really if if anybody out there does not have an Echo b and has a standard hookup for a thermostat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

I'm telling you, take the plunge. It's a great product,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

and it's a it's just a great company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

Hands down. And when you forget to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

change your thermostat when you go on vacation, you can do it from your phone with the fancy vacation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:04]

setting so that it will warm up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

as you're coming home. If if you've spent any time, and I I mean any time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

trying to program a schedule in your thermostat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

you will realize it's awful, unless you've got an Echobee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

And and I've tried Nest. I know some people like Nest more whatever. You're wrong. Echobee is easier. It's more sensible. My mom can use it. No offense, mom. Like, I think that's such a plus on both sides. But I it's I'm just I'm a big fan. That's all I can say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

Alright. Dear listener, if you don't have one and you're like, oh my gosh. I gotta get one because Lemon said that was great. Pro tip, ecobee has partnered with a ton of electric companies across

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

the country.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

And, like, if you're in Indianapolis and you go on to the NDPL website, they have a storefront where you can buy certain products at a discount. Use its light bulbs. Ecobee is typically on there, and it is worth it to buy it with the discount through your power company.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

Do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:04]

So I wanted to bring back mastering minimalism and life tip today. We have a lot to talk about. Do you think we should do it today, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

Why not, John? You've you've already teased it. Let's go. Alright. This one has been on our mastering

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

minimalism

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

list for a while. Clean out your storage spaces.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

I activated this because I was putting Christmas decorations away,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

and I came across, like, all these boxes that I haven't unpacked yet now that I've been in the house for over a year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:33]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

there were some empty boxes hanging around, just hanging out there that got recycled.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:39]

So why why did this come up originally? Stan, do you remember?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Well, you added this one. I think it came out of a conversation we were having, though. So just just to just to rewind, what was in the boxes you had not unpacked?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

So mostly things that hang on the wall.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:56]

I also had some board games there, and the board games got moved to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

an empty bookshelf.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

Now maybe we'll play them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

Do you think you'll play them after having been there over a year and not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

wanting to open them out of the So I'm I'm thinking that it's definitely means that we need to have more people over to the house,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

and games would be nice for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

Okay. Alright. That's fair. But if there's wheels in there next year, then I'll give them to my father-in-law.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

He probably already has them. Were there anything was there anything in that box that you were just like, I don't need this at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:34]

Sure. Lots of things. Did you get rid of them? I put them on the pile to donate, so I have not actually gotten rid of them That's that's that's progress. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

I you know, this whole, like, storage unit mentality, I think, is it's it's very American, first of all. Right? Like, I don't have enough room for my crap, so I'm gonna, you know, buy another place to put it. So this is a whole different story. This is how it came up originally, isn't it? So I'm talking like my empty basement storage space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

I they're they're part of the storage same space at all. They're they're part of the same problem. I I will say this. Like, there are always special circumstances, but if you are renting a storage space,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

you need to downsize. You need to liquidate. Like, you need to give up some things that you have because, one, you're wasting money every month on a storage space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

Two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

the storage space houses stuff you are not using and have no intention of using in the near term or even the long term usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

Because again, like, you'd have to go out of your way to drive to the storage space to pull it out. And and I I just in general, I think a storage space is a sign

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

that you might be an organized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

hoarder. Okay? Organized hoarder. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Yeah. So you've hoarded,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

but you've hoarded in a fashion in which you better able to set it aside and get it out of sight out of mind. Right? This sounds borderline like a strong opinion, which we all know you have given up for 2020. Guys, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

not a strong opinion. But but I I do think it's a sign that, like, you gotta gotta trim the fat, gotta cut cut back. Agreed. I've told you before, when we were in Saxonburg,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

we had a full basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

Yep. And we would go down and just put stuff there. Yep. And put stuff there, and put stuff there, and put stuff there. And after two years, when we went to move, we realized we had a ton of junk that was completely worthless to us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

And we had to get rid of it because we for for reasons that I don't need to go into, our our packing situation on this move was less than ideal. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

it dawned on me, like, maybe the basement isn't the best thing for us. Now, have storage in our basement now. You know, I I think you talked about Christmas

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

decorations and so forth. Like like, there's a valid use for having a storage space in your home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

But you have to do it within bounds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

and you have to control yourself. And if you can't do that, you're better off just not having that storage space.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:02]

Sounds like a strong pin in sand, but we won't argue with Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

my gosh. This guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:09]

I guess the mastery minimalism is if you have a space in which you put stuff and you do not often go back to draw upon it. And I would say often being, you know, Christmas gifts are are the maximum or not Christmas gifts. Christmas decorations are the maximum,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

time window where you can go between touching it. Right? So, basically, a twelve month window. Sure. If if you don't come back to it within twelve months, you should just get rid of it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:34]

Sounds fair. Now do you have Valentine's decorations?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

Nope. Saint Patrick's Day?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

Nope. Fourth of July?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:43]

There might be a thing or two. Or Memorial Day. I guess fourth of July and Memorial Day decorations can probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

overlap each other. Yeah. They're they're very similar. I I I feel like so I feel like missus Lemon probably has a wreath for the door or something like that that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

themed, but I don't yeah. Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

So I think I just have I have Christmas decorations

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

and then fall

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

stuff that Anna has that is pretty much out all year round.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

If if I were to get into heavy decorating, I think it would be Halloween, and I would go out to the nines. But I'm I'm not gonna do that because I just don't care that much. You have other things to do. Alright. Moving on to life tip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:26]

This comes after I was gone for a week. Just give yourself an extra day at home after a trip or a vacation. So you're going to Disney World,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

and Yep. I'm sure that you wanna spend all the time at Disney World that you possibly can and then just come back to work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

Not a good No, John. No, John. I, the weekend I come back is President's Day weekend, so I will have that Monday off. There you go. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

extra day is brilliant for catching up on sleep, doing laundry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

and kinda being able to decompress

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:59]

after the vacation and transition back into regular life routine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

Yeah. Decompressing is good. I think the other thing is if you if it's a vacation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

or even if it's a work trip, right, you wind up with, kinda blinders onto the rest of world. So you come back, you got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

bills, you got mail, you got whatever. Right? Piled on the desk, and that extra day gives you an opportunity to, like, comb through that, get it all sorted and organized so it's not hanging over your head with whatever you gotta do when you do actually get back into the swing of things. So I completely endorse this, John Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

life tip. It sounds like you, wish you had taken Monday off. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

Because I came back Friday this time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

So Saturday, I spent a lot of Saturday sleeping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

Okay. Alright. That's that's an introvert trying to reset after way too much people time. Could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

So did you watch Picard before or after your, your long nap on Saturday?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

I watched Picard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

I watched Picard on Friday, didn't I? I I don't know. That's why I'm asking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

I think I watched Picard on Friday. So I got home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

Missus Colmire wanted to watch it with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

Is she a Trekkie? Like, does she is she all in Starfleet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

I she's seen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

I would say she's seen several

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

episodes of The Next Generation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

I don't know that she's seen any deep space nine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:25]

or I'm sure she's seen some original series, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

would have been ruins and stuff like that. But has not seen all the movies, things like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

So did you do any

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

watching prep before you dove into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Picard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

Me personally?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

Yes. You personally. So I made it through about the first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

twenty minutes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:51]

all good things part one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:55]

and then it was time to watch Picard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

Really? You didn't you didn't chug through to the end. Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

no. Because I I ran out of time. Missus Colmire came home, and that's what I was waiting for before I could watch Picard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

Okay. Alright. Interesting. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

I don't even know what to make of that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

prepped with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

let me think. I guess it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

five episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

and then Nemesis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

So I watched Best of Both Worlds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

part one and part two. And then I watched Family, which is the episode immediately after because it takes place at Chateau Des Picard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

And then I watched All Good Things part one and part two as well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

and, that was the segue. Now, I have watched several episodes following the first episode of Picard in order to refresh my memory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

In particular, the episode well, I don't wanna I don't wanna I don't wanna don't wanna get ahead of myself here. Yep. So Too far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

First of all, spoiler alert, we are going to talk about Picard season one episode one remembrance.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

Alright. And can we just talk about this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:04]

Sure. There's no reason we need a spoiler alert a week after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

the Picard episode comes out when you can watch it anytime you want, and it just cost you your streaming subscription of $6.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

It's not like you have to go to a movie theater and find a seat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

It's not like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

Better than I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

agree with you. Okay. But yet, somehow, I still have friends that have not watched this episode. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

Thus Is it Joe? Alert. It's Joe, isn't it? No. No. No. He probably doesn't care. Cody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

my my friend Cody has not watched the episode, and he claims to be a TNG fan. So I don't I don't even know what to do with that. I don't even know what to do with that. Okay. Okay. So first impressions, what'd you think? I really liked it. Like, there's very little I would critique. I've only watched through once. I know you've watched through, like, three times at least already.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

Three times. Yes. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:58]

I liked it. Overall, there were some spots where the writing just wasn't as solid as it could have been, but those were, like, few and far between.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

And then I did not like that they killed off the girl so soon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

That was very sudden. Yes. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

the saving grace there is the twin element.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

Right? So we gotta wait and see how that plays out. Yeah. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

the first bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

that surprised me in in the previous leading up to this, we knew that data was going to reappear. And my assumption all along had been that this was going to be before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

finally absorbing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

data's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

you know, positronic network or whatever in his,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

his brain, because, remember, he got a full data load from data. Right. And it didn't seem to take. So that was my assumption, and it turned out that that was not true. Instead, it was PTSD, Picard having a dream with data. Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

I I I actually really like that. I liked how that played out. I did too. They did it well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:03]

and with lots of nods to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

the time that Picard would have treasured with Data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

Yep. And I think I think the other thing that really resonated with me is this scene opens with Picard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

playing poker with Data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

And All Good Things ends with Picard showing up to play poker for the very first time, and his final word is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

I should have done this sooner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

I thought that was a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

beautiful transition, really, when you think about the last thing that happens in Star Trek The Next Generation and the first thing that happens in Picard. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

we got other candidates that goes between it because we've got all the movies, but just a really nice flow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

Especially since All Good Things, right, the future jumps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

are basically the the time that Picard is taking place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

A little Now a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

little after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

where we've started with Picard. Right? It's like 15 afterwards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

It's it's it's no. No. No. I don't think it's that far. Okay. I I think I think they're supposed to line up. Because if I remember right, All Good Things is, like, twenty to twenty five years in the future, and that's about the the timeline that Picard is on. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

So we can we can validate that and we can always come back to Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

the other thing that I wasn't sure how it was gonna play out was whether or not this would be Kelvin timeline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

prime timeline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

whether or they were gonna discard the Kelvin timeline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

And what they did, for those that that aren't familiar with Kelvin timeline, is what happened after the Star Trek reboot from was it o six when Sounds right. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

the this Romulan ship jumps back in time, Leonard Nimoy's character follows, all that jazz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

So all of that stems out of a supernova

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

that wipes out Romulus. And it turns out that that has happened. Right? So this first episode takes place after the Romulan supernova in the prime timeline. So how do we know this based on the episode?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

They they reference the supernova.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:05]

The whole alright. So so the whole premise alright. One of the things they allude to is that, Picard helps this is a lot of this is revealed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

on the interview that he does with the media, right, which is Sure. Taking place on the anniversary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

of the supernova. Ah, okay. Got it. And and that's that's all that reflection. And what we find out is that Picard actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

helped try to transport,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:29]

a bunch of people, a bunch of Romulans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

out of the blast radius of the supernova. And then while that was going on, apparently, a bunch of rogue androids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

start attacking Mars. And it sounds like maybe they even use some of the ships that were intended. Like, it's it's a little fuzzy, I think, where you get some clarity. But these two events

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

happened in conjunction so that artificial sentience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

androids, right, synthetics is what they refer to them, get banned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

And obviously, this is a big deal for Picard because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

Data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

Data. And more importantly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

Picard actually fights for the rights of synthetics. Right. He has an episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

where he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

is is essentially an attorney in a court of law,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

where this this precedent is established. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

what I didn't realize the first time I watched this episode is that the character Maddox that they referred to at the Daystrom Institute, right, as having created all these androids that went rogue Yep. Is the guy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

who opposes Picard in that episode in season three, I believe, of The Next Generation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

or maybe it's two. It's two. Season two. And tries to take data away from the Enterprise, And Picard says, no, you can't do that because he's an individual.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

Right? Right. And that's this character that disappeared from the Daystrom Institute, right, when we meet Agnes. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

Yeah. So, like, talk about deep roots. Yep. It didn't click for me. The other thing that was interesting, I didn't catch this until the third episode, or the first time I watched it, because I was watching it with, Aaron Fanker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

Data's had a daughter before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

I vaguely remember this. Yeah. Okay. Lal, l a l. I watched this episode last night. So this is a season three episode, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

It's called Offspring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Yep. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

it's it's where we get this notion that data wants to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

basically recreate or to create a new,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

some being. He wants to be a father. Right. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

then we've got this tie in to the paintings, which I thought was very fascinating because Data's got this cultural or arts thing that goes on throughout all of the next generation. Right. Right? So drew on that, I thought that was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

amount of nerdery that was just waiting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

for us in this movie was almost

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

or not movie. This show, almost unbelievable. It kinda looks like a movie. Right? It did. It did. The production quality was fantastic. I think one of the texts I sent to you is all these places that we've heard of in Star Trek. Right? The the Daystrom Institute, the Archives,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

Utopia Planitia,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

All all these places we've heard of, we've never actually seen. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

And and now, they have the ability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

to create the all the CGI so easily, and so we get to see it. And it's it's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

just all the realization of all these things that have been in my head for for years now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

It was it was awesome. It was totally awesome.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

You have been through TNG more times than I have. I've seen every episode at least once,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

but that might be all. Only once for some of those episodes. There's others that I've seen multiple times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

But you are definitely far more into the lore of this stuff currently than I am,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

as you are with Star Wars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

So I'm not really surprised.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

But, yeah, this was beautiful and the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

so, like, Star Wars is always futuristic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

to the time period, and I think they make that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

jump

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

here

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

better too. Now I have not watched Discovery, so I don't know what that has done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:13]

like, they're making these giant jumps in technology between these Star Treks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:17]

but it fits for the time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:20]

that they're being aired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

Yep. No. I agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

So what what's interesting for me as you know, I'm I'm not a fan of Star Trek Discovery. I've been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

very disappointed. I was frustrated with season one. Season two had a fantastic start and then nosedived

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

in terms of writing on the second half in a way that I I mean, it was just such a fantastic crash and burn in terms of quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

I grew up on The Next Generation. My dad was an an original series buff,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

and so The Next Generation was exciting for him. I I love that show. Like, my childhood,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

in large part is defined by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

my love for Star Trek The Next Generation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

So much so that when I was seven and I had heart surgery and I was in the hospital for an extended period of time, I lugged with me a set of VHS tapes that eventually wore out, mind you, just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

loaded with Star Trek the next generation to watch in the the children's wing of Loyola Hospital. So so noodle on that for a minute. I was seven, and I had all these these episodes recorded. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

I I I was legitimately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

nervous about what was going to happen with Picard. Now granted, we're one episode in. Right. So it's a it's a long season as Discovery taught me last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

and and I I was reflecting on this too. I don't this could be the Rise of Skywalker effect. That's what I'm calling it, right, where expectations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

have been set so low.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

Although your expectations haven't been set low because you didn't watch Discovery. I did not watch Discovery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

So maybe that's a good sign. I I was afraid that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

I would love this just because it wasn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

wasn't Discovery. Discovery. But I I mean I I don't know. So the thing that they bring back here is they're bringing in all these characters that we grew up with and loved.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:11]

And Picard is still definitely Picard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

but he's also Picard with this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:17]

past that we don't really know about that he's struggling with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

So it's gonna be interesting to watch that unfold. So it's the same character, but they've already, just in the setup,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:28]

shown some development there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

Yep. And and thus far, I like what they've done. I mean, I'm oh, man. I I I just can't wait for Thursday. That's what it comes down to. I'm really excited for Thursday. We'll have to come back to this episode at the end of the season and see if we still feel the same way. Wait. No. I mean, you're you're totally right. Like, I I really do want to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

to reflect on it. Now I will say this this this episode had a lot more action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Right? Yeah. The whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

fight scenes with Dahj are not something that we've seen in the next generation. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

It is something we've seen in the Star Trek reboots,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

which, as you know, I'm also not very satisfied with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

But I I think it I think it was okay, I think it worked Right. In this episode. This episode still has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

a ton of that, like, philosophical depth that the next generation was known for. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

that that, I think, is what I found to be so reassuring,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

because Discovery definitely didn't have that. The reboot movies definitely didn't have that. And this is, like, harkening back to the roots.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

I I I mentioned the nerdery. I thought when they went to the archives,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

that whole room

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

I mean, I was I was losing my mind, pointing out all the episodes with the banner, the stargazer in the corner. They had the yacht from the Enterprise e model,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

Klingon dagger from when he was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

adjudicating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

Garon's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

rise See, these are things that hey. That probably has some meaning, but I don't remember where it's from. Things of that nature, but but everything looked familiar for me. And Yeah. The whole archive room was done really, really well. Just like the room itself and the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:17]

like, librarian for lack of a better term.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Yeah. No. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

that that to me was, like, here's a statement that we're gonna make, that this is the Picard of the next generation. Yep. Right? And we haven't forgotten where he came from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

What what I felt ashamed about until yesterday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

well, I felt ashamed about yesterday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

is that I I did not pick up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

the flute reference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

in the introduction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Yep. To the the opening score. Right? It's basically it's Picard's score. And if you remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

you didn't, but I I reminded you by text. Right? Picard played the flute episode. Right? Like, there was a whole thing. That is one of the episodes I intend to go back and watch. But when I was watching the there's this little clip on startrek.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

of the guy who did the score talking about this. I I I knew I knew that this was awesome because he was as nerdy about Star Trek as I feel like I am and, you know, as as so many others are. So Did missus Lemon appreciate that that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

explanation of the score?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

Yeah. I sent it to her, I don't know that she's watched it. I think I think she will she will really enjoy that. Yeah. I do too. It so it just shows how deliberate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

and how thoughtful they're being with this show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

There's a legacy that they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

could demolish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

Right? And they're they're not. They're I think thus far, again, just one episode in, they're doing right by it, and I'm I'm pretty happy with that. So while we're talking about this theme,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

I did not love the theme as I was watching through it the first part. But now that I've heard the meaning behind it, I like it a whole lot more. But, like, I'm expecting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:01]

this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:02]

really kinda epic sort of theme like you get with the TMG,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:07]

and it's all kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:09]

flowy, I guess, for lack of a better term.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

So I commented about that to to missus Lemon that it felt kind of hollow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

hollow is not the right word. It just didn't it wasn't as climactic. It wasn't like space exploration,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

which I think says something for what the series is gonna be as well. I I agree. I definitely agree with you. Now what I had to remind myself is that I did not like the theme to enterprise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

Right. Until I was, like, to the third season. And then finally, it had grown on me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

Discovery is also kind of a weird theme,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

and I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

I think they're just trying to do something that stands alone and is distinct from this iconic theme. Right? Right. Which is hard. But, you know, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a pass for now because, again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

the the composer's explanation of it Yeah. I'll add a link to that in the show notes here too. Yeah. It's it's just it's just awesome. So you you can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

it's it's really hard to knock it after hearing him explain why it is what it is. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

gosh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

John. I can you wait for Thursday? This episode's gonna come out on Thursday, and I'm I'm gonna be I'm gonna totally forget I have a podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

That's true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:26]

I put different levels of Trekkie here. Think I this was after this yesterday. I think this was after I watched the composer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:33]

who, like, was pulling in all these different things from TNG.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:38]

And then you said that our friend, Aaron Finker,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:41]

like, is at a different level than even you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

His his retention so when he remembered Lal like, I I knew the episode as soon as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

as soon as I saw

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

her Lal's face.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

Like, I I could recall the whole episode. Right? But for for whatever reason, my recall was not fast enough. So when he referenced that Data had a daughter before,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

and and remembered the episode, because it is a heart wrenching episode. I mean, it is it is really sad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

I was like, whoof, you know, props, you know, nod to you. The Maddox thing, me not picking that up on the the first go. Again, I think I knew the episode. I I couldn't remember the character's name. Right. Apparently, this Maddox guy is referenced in later episodes too. So I gotta go dig those up and cross reference that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

You know, all of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

is is just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

someone who is so entrenched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

is gonna pick up. I'm not at that level. You're definitely not at that level. You're definitely not at Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

It's something to aspire to. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

I'm still working on Star Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

I I wonder if I'd be better with my recall on Deep Space Nine. So The Next Generation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

I watched

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

as it aired,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

as a as a kid. Right? I didn't get to rewatch it until college. Yep. I would catch reruns when I could, or I like, I literally wore out the VHS tapes I had as Like, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

I I remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

Relic to this Relic, excuse me, today is still today is one of my favorite episodes of all time. So it's the one where Scotty comes back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

I know for a fact that the VHS was so worn on that particular episode that that that was I just had to give up. Like, I couldn't couldn't finish it anymore. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

could rattle it off from memory,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:33]

but I mean, watched the whole TNG series in order.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:38]

It was three or four years ago now, And that was the first time I did a complete watch through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

I'm I'm worried

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

a little bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

that I'm going to need to go back and watch some Voyager,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

because I have only seen Voyager

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

from start to finish one time, and I did not like it. I did see seasons one and two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

I've technically seen those twice because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

you know, I saw those when they aired. Right. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

yeah. I think I saw most of Voyager as it aired

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

because that's what my dad and I watch Voyager.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

I I have the suspicion that the only parts that are gonna be significant are after seven of nine comes into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

play. I know. There's there's gonna be a big cutest play here, Stan, and it's gonna be awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

yes. I mean, definitely. Like, we haven't even talked about the fact that the the whole show ends

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

with a bunch of Romulans going in and out of a board cube. Yeah. We've we've and it's the Romulan reclamation site. Right? So they're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

I I presume, recovering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

stuff after the supernova. Like, we don't even really know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

Dahj's sister,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

who I'm drawing a blank on her name now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

is there. She appears to be human. She's a synthetic, apparently. That's a little peculiar, like this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

fluidity with both the Romulans

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

who are doing this Borg thing. And you know that they can't possibly be doing this sanctioned by Starfleet Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

As well as having a human around. So I I can't wait to see how that all pans out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

Some cool looking Romulan ships, We know that there are more coming. There's a classic Romulan warbird

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

that makes an appearance as as far as we can tell from the trailers. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

good stuff. You you know, one of my biggest regrets from Star Trek in general is that Enterprise ended before they could

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

really get into the Romulan arc, so they teased it. But then they were never able to finish it. So season three has some of it, and you can just tell that they were gonna go deeper in season four, and then they didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

I I'm starting, you know, I'm starting to go back through Next Generation episodes that involve the Romulans. I was starting to watch Tin Man last night. I'm gonna finish that today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:58]

That's a good classic Romulan episode. You've watched a lot of Star Trek in the past week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:04]

Dude, I can't I can't help myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:06]

I literally, finishing the episode for the third time, I was writing down a list of all the things I wanted to go back and catch because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

and this is the thing. Like, they are making references.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

The the episode stands alone on its own Absolutely. Just fine. Anna Which is enjoyed it, and she wouldn't know any of this. Yeah. Which I think I think is a testament to the quality of the writing. Yep. But but there's so much depth here, and I know I'm still missing things. And and I'm I'm nervous about missing more in the next episode. And so I'm just trying to load up, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

So for these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:40]

CBS shows, do they let you buy them on iTunes after the season's done?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:44]

I I honestly don't know. Or do you have to stay subscribed forever if you wanna rewatch?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

You they probably want you stay subscribed. You know, though, I Can I buy them on Blu Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

my gosh? That's bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

I I would bet I mean, I don't know. We could we could look. I I would venture to say that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

I bet Discovery is on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

on iTunes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

but Yeah. It'll probably be a little bit before Picard. You know, the amount of advertising that they put into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:15]

like, getting this show in front of people has been really just amazing to me. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:20]

And I think it's a play to really boost CBS All Access, which quite frankly, I think is a is a really fantastic product as far as Yeah. Was looking through some of the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

like, stuff that they have on there, and there's some good shows from back in the day. And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:35]

yeah, I was impressed. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

There are some fantastic shows. Like, I I mean, I can always find something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

on there to watch. Not to mention all of Star Trek, which, again, most of it's on Amazon. That's fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

I for me, CBS All Access is is probably the first streaming service I've not really regretted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

buying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:55]

Again, you can stream NFL football too. So, you know, win win all around. For you. Yep. Yep. So when I was watching Star Trek, it was always on, like, UPN or something like that. Yeah. UPN, which is so UPN was Paramount's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

channel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

There was a it was called something before then too, and I don't remember what was called before UPN.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:15]

And then it was something else too at the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:19]

They changed names a couple times. Yeah. But there's there's Paramount branding, Paramount's owned by CBS. Like, it's it's all that. It's it was kinda like their their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

their, I guess, secondary channel because it wasn't CBS proper. Sure. Their nerdy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:34]

sci fi.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:35]

Because, like, all of the sci fi shows were on there. Andromeda aired on there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

Yeah. No. No. All all of them. You're you're totally right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

There's a channel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

Maybe it's HiFi TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

I can't remember now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:50]

Yeah. HiFi TV. So my dad was telling me about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:55]

I think this is it. But, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:57]

they have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:59]

maybe we'll find this and put this in the the show notes so I can verify exactly what it is. But they show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

every series of Star Trek

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:08]

in a row Yeah. Every night. And then, you know, night to night. Fanker was something he gets it over the air. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:17]

not hi fi. I got this is gonna drive me nuts. I'll I'll look into it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:22]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

alright, John. Alright. On that note, I think we've sufficiently nerd it out. And I know. Hopefully, this isn't an ongoing thing with each episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:30]

I well, so We might have to start a sub podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

Dear listeners, strap in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

We're about to boldly go when no one has gone before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

Until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:42]

next week, John. Until next week. Talk to you later, Sam. See you.

