---
title: Stan's back from Disney World!
episode: 4
date: 2018-08-09T08:00:30.000Z
slug: disney-world/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around a family's recent trip to Disney World, where
  they explored various attractions and rides. The discussion also touches on
  personal life, including bread-making and future plans, such as a trip back to
  Florida. Additionally, the hosts share their excitement about upcoming events
  and projects.
keywords:
  - Disney World
  - Star Wars ride
  - bread-making
  - Macbook
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

I've had a I've had a lot on my mind today thinking about what we talk about. I feel like it's been weeks rather than just a week since we last chatted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

Well, it kind of has. It's been a little over a week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Well, but I like, okay. Maybe maybe I should say I feel like it's been like a month. You know? It's been I feel like it's been a really long time. So I actually started writing down all the things I wanted to talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

Yeah. For the guy who didn't want this to take any of his time besides sitting down and recording, you put a lot of thought into this. Well, did it was on my phone. Right? Like, like I did it I I wrote it down notes while was in the bathroom. It wasn't like it sucked up a lot of time but I just had a lot of things on my mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

Right. And, you know, so I I this is the point where I should explain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

why it's been so long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

I spent the last week at Disney World with my kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

you know, enjoying the House Of Mouse. And your wife? Yeah. She was there too. She was there too. And extended family. Yep. Yep. My my in laws and my sister-in-law

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

and her kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

And, yeah, we had a good time. But that's consequently is why it's been a little bit of a lull. Right? A little little longer period of time to talk. But to our listeners, we just launched last week. Yeah. You did while I was in Disney World. So all of sudden, my phone starts blowing up with texts from you, and I didn't know what was going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

But yeah. Real good job on the artwork too, man. I I enjoyed that Thanks, that little lemon there. That that was cute.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

And do you notice the background color. Right? Yes. My favorite color. Someday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

we'll have to explain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

why lilac is my color, but that's not today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

I wanna talk about Disney World. I also though know that we gotta do a little bit of follow-up because there was homework.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

I think it was at the end of last episode. Right? Or was it the episode before with the Backstreet Boys?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

I don't know. They all roll together, and they're only thirty minutes long, so they all roll together for our listeners too. But but the bottom the bottom line was we made a Backstreet Boys reference. I keep wanting to say Backstreet Bites,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

which is which is the name of a team that I work with. Backstreet Boys, they're they're playing off that that name. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

we we referenced the song, think, because I have been at the pool and somebody asked if I was listening to Oldies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

then we've made reference to this new song, which I had not actually listened to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

but I have now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

And I am I'm ready to share my version. I'm just curious, have you listened to it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

I have. I listened to it. They played,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

like, half of it on the morning radio show that I listened to when I'm driving to work. So I heard that before we even talked about it last time, and then I just went back and I listened to the whole thing straight through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

don't wanna show my cards too quickly here. So why don't you tell me what what did you think? What was your what was your feeling? Did you and just to be clear, did you listen to the radio edit or the remix?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

The radio edit? The single version. The one that was released as the single.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

Yeah. Because there's a there's a second disc out that's got, like, six different,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

permutations of it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

most of which are remixes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

I probably won't go listen to those, but it's interesting to know they exist. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

it's way too

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:47]

trying to be like mainline

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:49]

pop music for me, auto tune,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

crazy beats.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

Yeah. It wasn't it wasn't the Backstreet Boys of old. Yeah. That was that was my initial reaction. This is not the Backstreet Boys that put out Millennium, right? Those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

are my Backstreet Boys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

Agree with you, the auto tuning was a little over the top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

Some of those guys were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

so high pitched I thought they were like almost permanently stuck in falsetto or something. It was it was just it was just weird. You know what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

They're still trying to be Justin Timberlake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

Yeah. There you go. Well, they're still trying to be Justin Timberlake and they're still trying to be like 19 years old. Right? Unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

has its way with us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

for those that can sing, which is not me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

you're not able to sing as high as you used to. That's just what happens. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

a physical reality, right? And I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

that this song

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

is these guys trying to be, you know, 15 younger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

which Yeah. I I just don't I just don't think it it bodes well for them. Plus, it was kind of a dumb song. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

in in the grand scheme of Backstreet Boys songs, it was just dumb. I I I really didn't care for it at all. You didn't like the line, don't go breaking my heart because it's the only one I got repeated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

when I repeat it again? Like, I I think I I think I might have mentioned this before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

To

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:16]

me, it sounded like a song they'd made previously. You know? Right. Yeah. You thought they just remixed it from something, but I don't think that's the case. I think this is new. It's it's new, and it's just not it's just not good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

Aren't most of them married now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

I have dude, I have no I don't keep track of that. Like I said, I thought AJ was doing a whole bunch of things. If you don't keep track of this, who does?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Well, probably probably somebody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

I didn't do this kind of research, Stan. I was counting on you. Here's here's what here's what I will say came out of the whole Backstreet Boys experience that I had this past week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

I have a new appreciation for Justin Timberlake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

because fifteen years later, the dude is still making awesome songs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

They're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

original and creative and the guy is funny. And I contrast that to the Backstreet Boys and they just look washed out, like like really really washed out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

So, you know, Justin Timberlake, good job. Really like that song from Trolls. Keep it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

That's that's my takeaway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:19]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

back

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

around February,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

Backstreet Boys or NSYNC?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

In February, for me, it would have been Backstreet Boys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

Definitely See, was the same way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

Yeah. With time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

I found myself Of course, my excuse was I had a sister who was three years older than me. And, like, one of my earliest memories is her playing Mbap by Hansen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

over and over and over and over again. That's a great jam. It's a great jam. That was on on a cassette tape, I think. She recorded it off the radio onto a cassette tape so she would rewind. She actually was telling her kids about this and, like, what's a cassette tape? Yeah. What's what's a cassette tape? How would I record something from the radio? All these things are totally foreign. Didn't you have Spotify?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

just play it on the Sonos, daddy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

Oh, children. So spoiled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

No. It was it was definitely Backstreet Boys for me. I didn't get into NSYNC until much later. I also really liked ninety eight degrees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

I saw ninety eight degrees in concert once. Did you really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:27]

I did. I that was sister

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

and my aunt. That was that was definitely my band. I enjoyed them a lot. I didn't really get into Hansen. That was before my time. I say I my my concentration,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

focus on pop music was largely girl driven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

I listened to the bands that the girls I was interested in talking to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

listened to. It was it was purely calculated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:55]

That's a smooth move. Yeah. Well

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

So for all of our young single listeners,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

find out what band the girl you like likes. Yep. Yep. And just to be clear, this is also how I know all the words to the Spice Girls albums. It is also how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

I got into country music and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

learned lyrics to Toby Keith jams. So, you know, when when given to my own vices and I listen to music that is not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

know, driven by females,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

I I listen to, like, jazz or bare naked ladies or Jimmy Buffett,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

not Spice Girls and Backstreet Boys and things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

Thanks for the clarification there. Yeah. So question here while we're on the topic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

Did this work

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

for the young college stan who then went on to marry your wife?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

Well, that's that's so I said that I that's how I got into country. I didn't listen to country before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

meeting my wife. So Alright. Whether whether or not it helped my case, I I can't really say. We'll have to ask missus Lemon, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:00]

that's definitely That could be fun. We should have the wives on with us sometime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:05]

Do you think they would do it? My wife probably would. It seems unlikely. It seems unlikely. But I'll ask missus Lemon. We okay. She won't be able to say no to me. You you do that, and we'll all be surprised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

What are you listening to right now, John? Like, what's what was on Spotify for you today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

Today, I was listening to some Andrew McMahon in the wilderness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

I don't know who Andrew McMahon is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

Do you know something corporate?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

No. Should I? Do you know Jack's mannequin?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

No. Should I?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

Yeah. So I saw him my wife got me tickets to go see him in Iowa City for my birthday. So we saw him in May

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

at the May,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

and it was quite possibly the greatest concert I have ever seen. He had this whole mister Rogers theme going on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

and it's like like something corporate was this piano punk rock band. I think you would like them. And then so he's big on, like, pop piano rock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

Like It's catchy. Like like Ben Folds kinda thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

Kind of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

Okay. Well, after we're done, you'll have to text me the name, and I'll I'll look it up on Apple Music and and listen to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:16]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

I've I've been into the Apple Music playlists as of late, and so I've been listening to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

a playlist somebody pieced together from the Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. Have you seen ads for that TV show? I have. Okay. I don't I've got mixed feelings on the TV show. We like, we could we could definitely talk about that. But but setting that aside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

the the music of the show is definitely the kind of thing that I like to listen to. So that I've been listening to that. And then there's also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

the what is it? The Chicago Blues Essentials and the Big Band Swing Essentials Apple Music Playlists that are kinda like those three are in my regular rotation now. So is that like big bad voodoo daddy stuff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

Or is it early, like, swing? Yeah. I would say it's it's it's early. So it's nothing nothing recent. Like, I think the newest song on any of these three playlists would be late sixties at best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

Yeah. And, I mean, you know, you got, like, Glenn Miller, you got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

Woody Herman, that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

And then the the marvelous missus Maisel, she's all like, that it's all over the place. She got everything from Streisand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

let's see who else is on here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

Frank Sinatra, you know, good old blue eyes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

And there's there's a original Broadway

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

song called Tenderloin that was just weird, but interesting nonetheless. That kind of stuff. And I I just like it because, you know, all the things that we just scraped about with the Backstreet Boys, auto tuning, not a problem for me in these songs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:51]

Right. It's it's real instruments

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

with real people singing, and I I just enjoy I just enjoy that, you know. I like woodwind instruments in general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

And a lot of the songs don't have words or they don't have words that I feel compelled to sing along with so I can do my work and it's not super distracting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

Understandable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

So laptops,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

real quick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

I just want you to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

I did. I did order mine while I was in Disney World. I was talking about it again today though. Yeah?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

I my headphones came before my laptop did, so I'm wearing my new Beats Solo headphones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:30]

So how how do they compare to your AirPods, which you fell in love with?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

So they're they're good. Like, I I should clarify. I have an original Beats Solo wireless headphones. These are the Beats Solo wireless threes or whatever. And as far as I can tell, they're they're prettier. They got, like, their fancy fancier colors. But they got the w one chip, which is really what I was going for because that's the thing about the AirPods that makes them so killer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

And the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

AirPods are still,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

like, the best headphones I've ever had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

Their portability

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

is is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

You know, their their ability to pause when I take the headphone out is just great. I love them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

Beats And they make you look like an alien. They make me look like an alien. Yes. The Beats ones are nice. It's a different kind of sound, right, because it covered my ears and and all that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

They're they're sound wise, they're no different than the older

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

Beats solos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

At at least not that I've I've noticed. I'm sure an audiophile would disagree, but I I I didn't notice any significant difference. The w one chip is pretty freaking awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

But I do have a gripe. I always have a gripe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

have, when I travel for work, a single charger. It's a USB C charger that I use for my laptop. So I've got one USB C to USB C cable for the laptop, and then I've got one USB C to Lightning cable that I use for my headphones, my iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

and my iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

But my Beats headphones have micro USB on them. So now, if I wanna take them with me when I travel, that's a third cable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

And and I I've got a serious problem with that. If if if by some miracle someone from Apple should happen to lose or listen to this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

know this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

you screwed up with the Beats

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

Solo wireless three headphones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

by putting on micro USB. It's a travesty. You should be ashamed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

Do we know anyone who works at Apple? I do not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:25]

I don't think I do either. At least if I do, I don't know that I do. How's that? There you go. I mean, we know people who work at Google.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

I don't know if I know anyone who works at Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

I don't know that I know anybody that works at Facebook right now. I only know somebody that works at Microsoft.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

Microsoft?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

Yeah. I used to know somebody that worked at Amazon. I know somebody that works at Salesforce.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

You probably know lots of people who work for Salesforce. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

But I feel like I should call it out. You know? Like Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

We're going down the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

So anyhow, the laptop supposedly comes here on Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

and I could not possibly be more excited. I ended up going with the five twelve drive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

and the 16 gigabytes memory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

in space gray.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:11]

When it gets here, I will let you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

how I like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

And then maybe you'll record on it next time. I hope so. In a cruel twist of fate, I have to go to Atlanta next week. So I will get it, probably get it set up, and then have to leave.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

Yeah. Your your schedule for the whole year has been crazy. I've been trying to come down, see the new house that you moved into, what, March?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

April.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

April.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

And here we are. You're booked through August.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

September, who knows?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

Then I I guess I'll come visit you when I'm driving past for Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

Of course, it's not three blocks away like it used to be. You aren't you driving by this weekend, though?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:53]

Next weekend, I think. Okay. Alright. No. Two weekends?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

Whatever. Twenty fourth. I'll I'll see you. I'll see you then. I'm sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

If you're in town. Think I'm in town. It's a it's a weekend. Of course, I'm in town, I think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

Yeah. That's gonna be a crazy weekend because we'll leave after work on the twenty fourth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

and then we'll have to be back for work on the twenty seventh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

You can do it now. So Sunday's gonna be our best bet, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

Wait. Sunday the twenty sixth?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:19]

Twenty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

sixth. Yep. I just bought tickets for Cirque du Soleil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

Well, I hope you're still up at one in the morning on Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

That I will be. I will definitely be up at one in the morning. I've got I've got a training on Saturday, that Saturday. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

my schedule really is nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

Anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

So do you like Disney World?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

I don't particularly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

You I've been there twice. What? I know. You love this place. I do. I'm just I I think I need to go to Disney World with you, and then maybe I'll enjoy it more. So so tell me why you don't like it. Is it is it the people factor or is it something else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:00]

Mostly a people factor, and then you're, like, waiting in line, and then the ride is kinda lame anyway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

I haven't spent a whole lot of time in Epcot, which is your favorite park, know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

We need to qualify that. So Qualify? Yeah. Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

there are different dimensions to what's my favorite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

So I I hadn't been there in ten years. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

Which is a long time for me. My grandparents used to live down there. We'd go pretty regularly. I don't know how many times I've been there, but it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

more than I can count on my left hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

I have always enjoyed the place. The last couple times I've gone, I just I've been completely carefree,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

happy as a clam,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

and really just enjoyed the whole time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:47]

I think the reason is I don't mind being around people. I don't like being around grumpy people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

And everybody's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

just so stinking happy, like the staff is so happy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

at Disney World that it's kind of contagious, right? Like it's like a drug.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

the rides are fun. The food, if you know what you're doing, can be really good. And then for me, this trip was especially great because my kids had never been there before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

They're really into Mickey and Minnie and all that stuff, especially Evelyn. You know, they like princesses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

I just got to see them happy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

excited,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

and honestly a little overwhelmed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

They'd never been to a theme park either. And we didn't tell them they did not know they were going to Disney World until we landed in Florida

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

and they got on the Disney Magic Express bus to go into the park. And even at that point, they didn't really know what they were getting into because, again, they've never been to a theme park. Right? The closest they've come is Great Wolf Lodge, and that doesn't count. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

Nowhere near Disney World's Gap. It's it's not they've got no frame of reference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

So we went to all four parks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

The way I like to do things is I do Hollywood Studios on one day, I split a day between Animal Kingdom and Epcot, and then I do the last day with the Magic Kingdom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

Last time I was at Animal Kingdom, honestly, was kind of lame. They've really built It's the park

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

actually pretty nice. I could see spending more time there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

like Epcot because of the food. I think the entertainment, the outdoor entertainment, the real music is neat. It's not a ride centric. However, my favorite ride is there, the Soarin' ride.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

But on that. They had just they were about to open it last time I was there, think. It it is so cool, man. You're it's this massive screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

You can't see the edges, you're strung up in the air, you feel wind, you like shift as you're flying over, you smell smells,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

it's just it's a really cool experiential

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

ride and you do it all indoors. It's a good time. I really enjoyed it. The photography is out of this world. You really can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

beat just the raw images.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

But I was reminded again

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

that for little kids,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

Epcot is painfully boring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

wasted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

no time letting me know that. And so in my mind, the next time we go, as much as I like, you know, eating my way around the world,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

I will probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

skip Epcot the next time we're there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

Disney Hollywood Studios is my favorite from a ride standpoint. I think they've got the best set of rides,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

better than Magic Kingdom. Some people disagree,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

that's fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

But as a big kid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

I think Disney's Hollywood Studios just has solid stuff. You got the rock and roller coaster, you've got the new Toy Story roller coaster, You've got the Tower Of Terror,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

which guess who went with me on that one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:52]

I have no idea. Henry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Henry? Yeah. My six year old son went on the Tower Of Terror with me and Sarah. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

Yeah. He just barely made the cut. I mean, like, if if we hadn't put those tissues in his shoes, he probably wouldn't have been able to ride.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

we we only had, a thirty minute wait, which is pretty good in Disney for for kind of a top tier ride,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

and we had a blast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

So, you know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

just enjoy that park. I enjoy the rides. It's a little smaller. It's a little easier to navigate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

Magic Kingdom is great. It's just huge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

It's a lot of, like, spinny rides and and, like, rides where you get thrown up in the air kind of thing, like like the flying Dumbo. Right? Right. Those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

I I don't know. They just they just don't do it for me. My kids love them, so that part was enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

take it or leave it, you know, the best part of Magic Kingdom was hands down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

the fireworks show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

Unbelievable. Really? Yeah. They they do this crazy thing where they actually project these images

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

up onto the castle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

So, like, you see animations dancing across the castle, the characters from movies and stuff. It was it was totally wild.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

The one thing that really disappointed me, and I didn't realize it until we went down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

was Marvel has almost no presence

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

at Disney World.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

Yeah. I imagine that takes several

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

years of planning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

It's not that though. Get this. It's not that? They sold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

the rights

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

to theme park rides,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

to Universal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

way back in the day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

Uh-huh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

So if you want to do Marvel in Florida, you gotta go to Universal Studios.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

is awful. Like, that that that pained me immensely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

You didn't do that? No. We didn't go to Universal Studios. I like, listen, man. When you do the Disney thing, you get off the airplane, they pick up your bags for you, you take the bus. I don't have to think about a thing. And then I got the meal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

plan, like, it's all taken care of. So I don't I don't don't sweat that. So I'm not gonna go over to Universal Studios.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:57]

Last time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

was there, we actually did a Disney cruise connected to it, which was amazing. I love the Disney cruise. Disney World, could give or take.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

But yeah, from the airport, we rode the the bus there, spent a couple days at the parks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:14]

and then they shuttled us over to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

whatever their port is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:20]

We got on the Disney Wonder and went down to The Bahamas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:24]

The food was amazing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:27]

The restaurants on the cruise ship were amazing. There was this one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

that started out all black and white. And then as dinner went on, it started to be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

colorified

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

like it was being animated. It was pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

I've never been do that next time, Stan. I've never been on a cruise. I I would like to, but I've I've never been on a cruise, let alone a Disney cruise at that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

Disney cruise line,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

the only cruise ships that can shoot fireworks off from the ship. Is that true?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

That is true. Or it was when I went at least. I don't know if things have changed since then. That would be interesting. I I definitely would enjoy that. I, they showed a couple ads like on the bus and stuff for Disney cruises and so I'd like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

I feel like that itch will come. I've got at least one more trip to Disney World with the kids first just to get them acclimated. Evelyn is about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

I don't know, two to four inches away

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

from a whole new level of happiness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

You know what I mean? Like, this is she's she's the one who loves Minnie. Yeah. Oh, you should see her. She melted. And I I like I planned the trip kind of around her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

Mickey and Minnie experiences. Right? Nice. And her princess experiences. The first day, we had breakfast in Epcot over in Norway

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

and they just had a ton of princesses roll through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

She got pictures with all of them. I think that evening we did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

Minnie's and Vine or Mickey's and Vine or whatever it's called. But Minnie Mouse was there with all of her friends. She took pictures with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

Donald and Goofy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

So, you know, like, she got a lot of character time. Oh, she got to meet Elsa and Anna. That was a big deal. That was like a really, really big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

She spent some time with Olaf.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

All these things. You know, we we also did get to see some Star Wars characters. She would not take a picture with Kylo Ren. She refused. Man. She did take a picture with Chewy. I was very proud of her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

And she took a picture with BB-eight as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

I'm looking forward to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

I I have to send you some of those pictures because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

I I took every advantage I could to pose with those guys. Kylo wouldn't let me touch him.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:30]

Well, he is Kylo Ren.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

Yeah. But I I wanted to take a shirt off like we were gonna do bare chested, you know, pictures together. We're do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

Lame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Yeah. What are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

I definitely I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

From a Disney standpoint, I really highly recommend the meal plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

That eliminated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

so much stress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

The fast passes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

are useful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

for super big rides,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

And I think if I were to do this again, I would look at the app and see what had the longest wait times

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

at the point which I'm able to book my FastPasses

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

and use that to drive my FastPass decisions. I base most of mine around Evelyn's height and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

we just didn't get our, you know, we didn't optimize for fast pass usage, which is fine. It is what it is. Gotta eat in Epcot. I highly recommend Germany.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

bakery in France is probably the best place to spend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

a bunch of snack credits off the dining plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

In terms of resorts, we stayed at The Caribbean, which is a perfectly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

fine resort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

a lot of bus stops, so it's optimized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

for people who are spending time at the resort, not for people who are just simply sleeping there and shuttling back and forth to the parks. So I think I think I gotta keep that in mind next time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Boma in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

the Animal Kingdom Lodge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

is hands down my favorite restaurant in the entire park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

So yeah. So what did you eat? What was your best Disney meal? It was it was definitely boma. We went up so we went over to the animal lodge. What was the meal? It was a buffet. It was it was an African buffet. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

that like, that's the thing. Right? With the table service meals at Disney, they're often buffets or sometimes they're family style.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

So you get just a huge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

range of choices and that's what's so nice about BOMA's, it's just really vibrant flavors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

all kinds of different dishes, different proteins, different salads, different sides and you just try a little bit of it all and then you hit dessert when you're done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

Is dessert always birthday cake? No. No. No. That'd be great, wouldn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

Actually, at Boma, I had a piece of bread pudding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

that was just absolutely out of this world. And I had some some really decent cheesecakes last week as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

And I'm a sucker for cheesecake, so, you know, that all that all worked out. Did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

you eat a turkey leg? I did not eat a turkey leg. I almost did. I was in Liberty Square where they serve them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

and I thought about it. I definitely thought about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

I had a turkey leg at Disney.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

There's nothing wrong with a turkey leg, man. Nothing wrong with a turkey leg.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

There's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

barbecue joint in Animal Kingdom Lodge I had for lunch one day. I had some pulled pork. It was pretty good. I would definitely do that again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

I just think you need to when you're at Disney, need to look for the places that are not serving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

your typical fare

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

you won't be disappointed. So if you're looking for a hamburger or chicken nuggets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

then you know you're gonna get exactly what you're looking for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

If you walk into a place like that and you want something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

more exciting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

you should just walk away and find a different place. And I don't know that people think about that. I think the prices are pretty comparable like a $6 hamburger versus a $6 you know plate of pulled pork sprinkled over mac and cheese with onion rings on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

the same cost, it's just better food.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

Yeah. Favorite ride you went on? Favorite ride. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

that's a tough one. Oh, I know what it is. It was the Star Wars ride and here's why. The ten years ago when I went, it's called Star Tours. They're they're doing a whole expansion of the park. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

Star Tours was this you know, some droid random droid you've never seen is is driving this like tour bus and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

kind of like falls off the path he's supposed to go and runs through a whole bunch of stuff and it's just a whole mess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

Ten years ago, that's what it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

And it stood out to me because, you know, like eight years before that, it was still that. And so in my head,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

I was expecting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

that it would still be that way but Disney's bought Star Wars since then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

I took the kids, low expectations but I thought, oh, they'd love it because you know, it's a VR ride, you get shaking around and whatnot. It was totally different, man. It was like C-3PO

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

was in it and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

we were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

flying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

around a bunch of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

cruisers and next thing I know we're like on Naboo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

and it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

awesome like it was actual places from shows and I recognized and I could put things together, it cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

Then, afterwards,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

Sarah had been with Evelyn, so I swapped places because the kids wanted to go again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

And Sarah went to Kashyyyk and I was like, are you kidding me? So, the the trick is the Star Wars ride actually takes you to different planets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

as it's running at different times. And so Uh-huh. I don't know how many there are, but I I I would love to do it again and just like see how many different planets I could hit up. I think that'd be totally cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

That is cool. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

So, you know, it pays for for Disney to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

own Star Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

They're they're doing this park expansion. It's gonna be this whole immersive thing. That's all in Hollywood Studios, you know, my my favorite park. So I definitely see more of that in our future.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

Nice. And next time, the coal Myers will have to go with you. Yeah, man. We'll do it. We'll do it. It'd be a blast. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

I I don't know how soon we'll go back, but I imagine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

I imagine it'll be a couple years. Like I said, we got I should I should not quantify it by time just quantify it by inches. When Evelyn is at four inches taller then then we'll go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

or if I pull up pay off my mortgage and I just you know, use that. Right. Then you're going, like, four times a year anyway. Yeah. You know? Why not? Right? What else am I gonna do with all that money? Yay. Yay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

so are you still making bread?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:30]

Not really anymore. I don't eat a lot of bread in this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

this time of life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

Is is it just, like, taking too much time or you're kinda out of the sandwich game?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

I'm kinda out of the sandwich game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

I don't eat a lot of bread at all currently. So what do what do you have for lunch at work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

So I eat a breadless sandwich more or less.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

Deli meat cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

That sounds really sad. Fruit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

I mean, why why are you not eating it with bread?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

So I started

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

bicycling back in April, and I did that for, three months. I didn't lose a single pound. So I figured, hey. I should fix my diet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

So breakfast and lunch are usually the same thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

and then dinner I'll switch up a little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

And no bread. That was your conclusion from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:20]

I mean, I'll eat, like, a piece of bread on a Saturday for breakfast or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

But it's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:30]

bread is very high in calories usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

and just I don't eat it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:36]

Well, I I don't even know what to make of that right now. Don't I don't have four other people to help me eat the bread either, especially since I can only make one loaf of bread that my wife actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

likes. Which which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

loaf is it that she's she's crazy about? It's is it the She likes the classic sandwich bread from the King Arthur flour recipe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

That's not the one that uses honey. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:58]

No. It uses

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

melted butter. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

So I made that loaf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

this past weekend because, you know, we got back. We had no bread.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

Kids really loved it. I think I think that's one I'm gonna make again. I've done the other one quite a bit, the one that uses honey that used to be in the package of the King Arthur package. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

I I also always make my German farmer's bread recipe that I got from Which is delicious. From Swirly. Yeah. That's that's totally a legit loaf. However, the moment, I'm out of rye flour, so I've gotta gotta do something different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

And that is my segue to you, John, because I have to go make bread. I gotta make bread for my kids because they finished it off today and I don't know what they're gonna eat for lunch. What is a what is a a family of little kids without peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

So next time we'll talk about the Mac book,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

which hopefully be here and Again?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Yeah man. I'm gonna have used it by that point. Don't you wanna know? This is the most exciting thing that's happened to me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

well since Disney World.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:58]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:59]

yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

No. No. No. No. No. Friday. I get back Friday. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

until Alright. Until next time, my friend. We'll see you. See you.
