---
title: Jon Moved In!
episode: 19
date: '2018-11-22T13:40:16.000Z'
slug: jon-moved-in/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses listener reviews and feedback, with a focus on episode
  20, which will mark a milestone in the show's history. The hosts tease an
  upcoming special announcement related to a mysterious "square sticky thing"
  that has been mentioned throughout the series. The episode concludes with a
  thank you to listeners and a promise to return next week.
keywords:
  - listener review
  - episode 20
  - square sticky thing
  - Dear Lila
  - Christmas box
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So you've had a pretty busy weekend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

You could say that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

What have you been up to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

Thursday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

when last week's episode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

was released, I closed on a house in the afternoon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

You bought a house?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

Yeah. I mean, people should be listening to us by now. Start start from the beginning and listen all the way through the house journey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

I still I think I'm a little

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

stunned, surprised, shocked. I don't know. Like, it's it's a big moment. Right? It is. And you knew me when I was a young

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

John Colmire who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

didn't have his priorities straight

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

was kinda lazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

Still kinda in lazy. Your mom's upstairs bedroom.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

Well, yeah, but I was in high school at the time. So, you know. I listen. I we we don't need your excuses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

Alright. So you closed Thursday. What? In the morning or the afternoon?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

Afternoon. Closed Thursday. I worked Thursday morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

Moved some initial things over Thursday evening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:35]

Fought with You're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

going too fast. You're going too fast. Let's talk about closing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

What Okay. What was what was it like? Tell us your impressions because this was this is your first time closing. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Yeah. Yeah. You've never closed on a on a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

big old thing like a house Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

So it was kind of underwhelming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

Well, that's good. What were you expecting? You were expecting, like, something intense?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

Yeah. I expected it to be more intense than sit in a conference room and sign stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

Well, keep in mind that the people that are in that room with you probably do this multiple times a day, so it's not a Probably. It's not a big thing for you. So they give you a stack of papers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

You gave them a check. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

yeah, let's let's rewind. I did the walk through at 1PM,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

and we walked through the house, made sure everything was there that was supposed to be there, and they fixed things that they said they were gonna fix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:34]

So all looked good there. 2PM, we closed. No surprises. That's the bottom line. No surprises. Right. Alright. Good deal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

So, yeah, we go back in the conference room, got my mortgage

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

contact

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:48]

sitting at the edge of the table, then I'm next to him, then Anna,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

then our realtor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

And then on the other side of the table was just the other realtor who came in late.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

And, basically, what my mortgage lender did was he had a stack of papers printed on legal

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

sized paper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

So, you know, longer paper, which you don't really see anymore. So Well, you do if you buy a house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

I guess so. Or buy a car. Car loans tend to be long too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:18]

So he basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

walked me through each page of everything that I needed to sign, kinda did a summary of each section. I skimmed it to make sure nothing was there, but most of the stuff I'd seen before online.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

This okay. This was something I was gonna ask you. Did you read like, did you actually read the documents?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

Word for word. Word for word. Do you not remember you told me to read the Mail Trimp terms of service

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

back in the day when we were both working for that nonprofit organization,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

and they changed their terms of service. You sent it over as a joke. Hey. Review these and let me know if anything's strange. And I did it, Stan. And what happened when I did it? Yeah. I think you got a free t shirt, didn't you? I got a free t shirt. So did did anybody at the real estate office give you a free t shirt?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

No. But there was no no bonus there. But I read through it, make sure I'm not signing anything that I don't wanna sign. Yeah. So this this is always amusing to me, I think, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

the so the first time I went into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

let me back up. I know that you're a terms of service guy. Most of us just click accept, and you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

a tendency to read and scroll through it. And I appreciate that about you. I I I really do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

When I closed on my first house, I remember I was I was reading the document. I was asking questions. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

And the we we bought in a subdivision. It was new construction. The guy got real quippy with me, and he's like, listen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

It is what it is. We can't change it, so there's no sense when you read it. And I was like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

I don't that logic doesn't hold up. And so I proceeded to then read everything. You cannot sign it, and then things just don't fall through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

I mean and if you're okay with that, and sometimes you are, if you read through and something's way off balance. So, like, if I couldn't pay off my loan early without some kind of penalty, I wouldn't have signed it. Right? Of course, these are questions that I ask Exactly. And I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

So Sure. Right. And I think that's I think that's important, right, is to be aware of what you're getting into, and also to realize that just because you've made it all the way to closing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

doesn't mean that you can't walk away if you're uncomfortable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:32]

I I highly highly recommend reading through things that are legally binding that you sign. Like, that's kind of a big deal, so you should read it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

Do you do you read the Facebook terms of service? So when there's, like, a major announcement that they are updated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

I usually skim through it. They're actually really easy to read through now. They made that change a little bit ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

I don't remember how many years, but they're they're far more readable now. You're probably, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

you're one of five people in the world that probably made those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:06]

So now, like I'm I'm not Like, when a new iTunes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

update comes up, I usually don't read through that all the way through for things like that, those terms of use.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

I mean

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

Those are the ones that probably are signing your soul over to the Dell. Apple. I'm okay with signing my soul over to Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

So you read every document. You signed your name. Did you count how many times you signed your name? I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

didn't,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

and it probably wasn't as many well, I guess you just bought a house recently too, but I did a lot of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:36]

lot of signing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:38]

online

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

before I ever got to the table.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

So I probably signed my name maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:44]

seven to 10 times,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

initialed every page of the one document.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:50]

So I initialed more than I signed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

Do you ever find it odd that your initials count for something? Like, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

I I've thought about this. Like, what what are my initials

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

doing there? Are they acknowledging

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Yeah. It's it's really just a a checkpoint that you have seen this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

seen this page.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

But here's the thing. Like, my my signature is gonna be challenging, we'll say, to forge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

My initials,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:21]

not hard at all. Right. So your initials don't mean anything if you don't sign the document at the end.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

It's just you're checking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

But they don't even look like they go together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

Okay. So somebody else can initial for you and your signature is still binding.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

Well, there you go. But isn't that concerning then? Like It's really it's it's a check, Stan. I don't think that your initials are legally binding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

Next time, I'm just gonna do a check mark instead of my initials.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

I told them that that that those are my initials, just like Prince. You remember when Prince got his new name? It was just a, like, a Yeah. I remember that. Celebrities are weird. We'll have to talk about that some other time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

Alright. So you you closed. You closed the check. They handed me keys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

The other realtor was there for, like, maybe five minutes and signed something and got her check,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

or a couple different checks maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

It was it was her check, and I think It was it was almost certainly It wasn't the check for the sellers too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

Typically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

I I mean, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

will say in the past with my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

closings, those things get wired into an account.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

Like tip typically, the the buyers or the sellers that I have bought from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

don't have a big old check that they're, you know Got it. Handing over. So I I wrote a check

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

literally on the spot because he said a personal check was fine. So I didn't, like, go get a cashier's check or have to wire anything over.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

So that was weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

That's awesome, though, because I did not have that experience when I closed. I had to go get I had to go get a Money order.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:04]

Is Cashiers checking? Check is the one that you that's a bank certified check

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

that you get from the teller, a money order you can get from, like, your local grocery store or whatever, and you pay some fee for it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

It was a cashier's check I needed. And I had I think I don't know if you remember this, but I didn't know exactly, like, how much I needed because my my mortgage closing experience was not I mean, it was okay, but it wasn't smooth. But I didn't know the exact number, so I just kinda spitballed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

I spitballed about, like, I don't know. I think it was $8 higher than I needed. So it was like yeah. It was not a small mistake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:44]

but I you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

lo and behold, everything worked out. I got my money back eventually. It was all good to go. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So I I just I wrote a personal check there at the table,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:57]

And yeah. And it cashed, so I guess it worked. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

So after you get the keys, what do you do? Because I'm assuming missus Colmire took the day off work. She took the afternoon off work like I did on Thursday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

my mom and my grandma came into town on Thursday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

So I think we went to the apartment. Trying to remember back. So much has happened since then. You okay. Hold on. You closed, you didn't go straight the come from the house doing the walk through.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:32]

Yeah. But it wasn't it wasn't yours at the walk back to the apartment to pick up all my stuff that I wanted to take over, like my bicycle and things like that. But, no, we did not go straight back to the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

Okay. But you made it there eventually that first day. Right? We didn't take a picture, though, because it was dark and stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:52]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

That's that's because of daylight savings. Thank the farmers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:57]

Stupid daylight savings. Worst.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

So Okay. So that's Thursday. Did you go to work on Friday? I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

Alright. So what did you do on Friday?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

I think we've just finished up packing at the apartment. I ran some things over. Oh, I got a carpet cleaner, and then I went to go clean carpets.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

Rented carpet cleaner from from Lowe's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

and then I cleaned all the carpets in place. Okay. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

you did the actual carpet cleaning yourself? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

Okay. How much carpet are we talking about? Is is most of the house carpeted?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

There are three bedrooms that are carpeted and then the basement living area. So, like, the main

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:41]

dining room, living room, kitchen area is all laminate flooring,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

and the hallway is laminate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

Okay. So that's not that's not too bad. How long did it take you to clean the carpets? Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:53]

maybe three hours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

Did you happen to calculate your savings by doing it yourself? Well, the quote that I got was, like, over a thousand bucks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:05]

Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:08]

I don't I don't even think that my carpets at this house cost a thousand bucks to clean.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

Yeah, man. I'd like I did a local now granted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

I don't remember being a particularly good carpet cleaning job. That's a whole story in and of itself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

but I I don't remember it being I'm gonna look this up because I just don't think it was that expensive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:33]

I rented the thing for twenty four hours for $30,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

and I had to buy the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

soap stuff, which was, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

18.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

I paid $50 in three hours of my time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

So that that to me seems like a pretty good deal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

Now if I start wanting to do it once a year, then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:58]

you know, that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

that probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

pays for itself if I find I don't know. How much how much did you pay to get your carpets cleaned? Couple 100? 500? Okay. I just found it. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

$330.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

So yeah. So if And I was I I suspect I have more carpet than you because it's Right. Yeah. You're bedrooms, excuse me, not four because Carpeted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Yeah. The whole upstairs is carpeted. There were four bedrooms and my office as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

Now granted, we did so this is this is I'm a totally digress here. We've quoted a number of different companies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

I don't think we actually went with the cheapest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

I think we went with the cheapest, like, all natural,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

which was a mistake. It was this this is, like, dry chemical process.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

the as soon as I bought my Dyson my brand new Dyson vacuum cleaner and took it over the carpet and saw the amount of crap that came up, like, just dust and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

All all kinds of things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

I was pretty much convinced that I wasted my money on the whole ChemDry thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

so I don't know. But that said, I would I would pay carpet cleaner probably again because I don't think I could do it in three hours. I think I would also And you got stairs and stuff to deal with too. Your stairs are carpeted, aren't they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

Yeah. They are. So but I like, with with the amount of space you're talking about, I would I would totally totally do that. Like, that sounds like sounds like a good savings to cleaner from Lowe's seemed to do a really good job too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:34]

So I was I was impressed. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

This John, this is your first pro tip. This is your first buying a house pro tip. Clean your own carpet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

Yeah. Well, no, like, it's it's always the little things. Right? Or I mean, maybe this seems like a big thing, but, you know, I I just think of, you know, our our our subdivision, everybody does their own lawn care, and they have people come and mow their lawns, and the lawns all look like crap. Right? And it takes me, like, an hour a week to cut it, and then an hour maybe to, like, seed and fertilize, and my and it's way cheaper material wise, and my yard looks way better. So it's it's always the little stuff. I bet your carpets look way better than if you had Stanley steamer coming Yeah. Maybe. Do them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

So, yeah, that was Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:21]

Saturday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

was some more trips over. So I took,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:25]

like, my TVs and my monitors and my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:29]

artwork and stuff over by myself in my car.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

Wine glasses was another Hold up. Hold up. Hold up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

Artwork? What what kind of artwork do you have? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

pictures? I got a couple of my pictures painted on canvas. Not painted on canvas. Printed on canvas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:47]

I got, like, a clock.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:50]

What else? I don't know. Stuff that you hang on the walls. I have icons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

Okay. I'm gonna be honest with you. I imagined, like, a, you know, Mortal Kombat movie. I do not have any of those. We were just talking about getting a Casablanca

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

movie poster to hang over the bar in the basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

Okay. That that would be classy. That would not be that would that would not be like mortal combat style. That would be classy. So I I No. Like like legit legitimate artwork.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:16]

I have a couple icons too. Nowhere near as big as your collection, but, you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

My my collection hasn't grown in quite some time. I I'm overdue for buying a new one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

So, yeah, I did that. Finished up some packing. The kitchen takes forever to pack. There's so much stuff in the kitchen. That's what I told you. So nobody My mother was a lifesaver.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

She came in, and she packed the whole kitchen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

pretty much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

So that was awesome. My grandma was around, so she, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

shredded five years worth of paper stuff in my shredding box.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

So that was good too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:56]

What day was that? Saturday? Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

That was Saturday. Yeah. Sunday, went to church.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

yeah, it was all just kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

last minute

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

packing stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

Nothing real big.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

So just I wanna make sure I understand this right. You close on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday are spent mostly in the apartment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

finalizing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

just everything, getting it all lined up. Right? Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

you spend time cleaning, but otherwise Sunday night, I think we went over, and we, like, washed out cabinets and stuff too in the house to prep for move.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

Okay. Dusted to the ceiling fans and things like that. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

but nothing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:45]

Carpets was by far the biggest cleaning thing there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

Alright. So then you go to sleep, still in your apartment, I'm assuming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

and you wake up this morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

Is is missus Colmire working today? Did she work today? Today's Monday as we're recording this one here till Thanksgiving Day, which maybe people will listen on Thanksgiving Day. Who knows? I wouldn't count on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

seems unlikely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

But okay. So so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

tell me about your day, John, because you were left. You're the helmsman for the day. Right? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

I woke up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:23]

I loaded

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:24]

some stuff in my car, just like awkward stuff like the dish drainer that I didn't have a box for,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

and things like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:33]

And then movers came. They called me around 08:15,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:37]

so they were fifteen minutes out. Showed up around 08:30.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

Yeah. And then they I initialed some things and signed some paperwork at the beginning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

and they went at it. They're experts because they they have this Dolly and can pretty much load everything up on the Dolly. Took it down my for my Second Floor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

apartment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

right in their truck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:05]

And, yeah, they had my apartment empty crazy fast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

So any regrets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

on using No. The movers? None at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

As especially as I saw these two guys carrying out this big heavy couch that I have that was a pain to move in. Almost killed Daniel Sanchez. Maybe he still listens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

But Daniel loves that blue couch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:29]

So those two guys got to move it down and almost killed them, but they're professionals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

So so you're sleeping in the new house for the first time tonight. Well, I kinda took a nap this afternoon, but other than that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

Oh, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

Hey. That's that's totally fine. Alright. Next question. Have you smoked your pipe? I have not yet. I do have the pipe box set aside, so I know where it is. I haven't unpacked it yet, though.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

Because I feel like you've been talking about that moment. Yeah. You know, being able to smoke your pipe at your own place for a long time now. 32 degrees outside, so and I I got stuff to unpack, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:14]

I am considering

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:16]

so there's this basement room that's gonna turn into my office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

It needs a little work done before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:22]

I actually move in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

But I'm considering turning that into a pipe smoking room as well. Seal off the door whenever it gets some air filtration systems in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Nah. Just go outside. Okay. You don't you don't need to be smoking a pipe in the house. If you say so, sir. Alright. So It could be smoking a pipe while recording. Yeah. Just Put up cool soundproof

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:45]

things like this recording studio has.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

You could also just step outside and record or smoke your pipe then come record.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

Whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

Again, I digress. So the bottom line is you will spend your first night in your new home with missus Kolmeier. I hope with missus Kolmeier tonight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

and then you are headed to Louisville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

or excuse me, as the native say Louisville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

pretty soon. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

we We all roll together. We'll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

When Anna gets home from school tomorrow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:19]

Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

So you will you will have one night in the new place before you abandon ships and flee to the South. Because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

well, it took us a little longer to find a house than I was anticipating to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:33]

So that played into it. But it will be good. Good Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

See Anna's family.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

Sounds like it's gonna be a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

on the tamer side than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

in recent years, not as many people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

Okay. Because, yeah, you like, everybody comes in usually, don't they? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

So remind me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

when you're down there, you guys do a big old turkey dinner. Right? So we got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

Typically, don't you turkey is the way to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

And in the past, we've done four. I don't think we'll do four this year just because it sounds like the crowd's gonna be smaller.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

Okay. Hold up. How how big are these turkeys? Are these, like, 16 pound butter balls? I don't think they're that big. I don't know. I'm not the one who fries the turkey, but they're they're relatively small. Okay. Here's this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

is your homework for the next for the next episode. I wanna know exactly how many pounds of turkey meat is deep fried.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

Because you deep fry them, and it takes, like, forty five minutes, and turkey's done. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

I've had deep fried turkey. It is a it is a beautiful thing. It is absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

moist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

I I mean, it's just it's absolutely delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

But if I remember right, doesn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

doesn't grandma then also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

So there is a sacrificial turkey they call it, and that that's what they use to make the gravy, but nobody eats it because it's all dried out and nothing compared to the deep fried turkey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

Here here's what I don't get. Why is it all dried out? Like, it is possible to bake a turkey and not have out. More effort for something that you're just doing to have gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:23]

So are are you telling me that they, like, literally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

throw the turkey out? It's possible. I don't know that I've ever been an eyewitness to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

Oh, such waste.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

I mean, like, you you at least you at least use the turkey somehow. You know? I I get I get bacon on turkey for the gravy. I totally understand that. I think that gravy is one of the most beautiful things to grace a table regardless of the time of year. Like, gravy is an art. True gravy. True,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

beautiful meat based gravy is something so fantastic that I I literally like, a good a good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

ladle or whatever. No. It's not what you call it. A boat Gravy bowl. You know what I'm talking about. Of gravy. I I could drink it. Straight up drink it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

And if you ask my wife, there have been several occasions in which she has made gravy that literally blew my mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

and that is practically what I did. Like, she's looked at my plate and said, Stan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

there is actually more gravy than there is turkey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

And I'm like, yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

What of it? You know? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

You're a special kind of lemon. I guess you're gravy. Good I'm just not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

not that intense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

Oh, come on, man. Like, here's the thing. If something is good, it's worth being intense about. Right? It's like milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

Same thing. Right? When you can when you can find that perfect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

moment, you know, where you're lost in the food because the food is just so overwhelmingly glorious,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

you know, that's worth being intense about. And I I feel like gravy is one of those things that when done right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

it is so easy to just get lost in this nebulous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

beauty, which is meat gravy. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

So are you hosting Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

my fan of my five, we,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

we we don't have anybody coming to visit. In New York going anywhere. So on Thanksgiving Day. No. No. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

missus Lemon's still pretty limited, right, in her mobility.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

So it makes sense for us to stay home and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

everybody turned down our invitation. So we're we're just cooking for ourselves, which is fine. Like, it'll it'll be fun. It'll be relaxing. We'll watch some football.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

The Detroit Lions always play the early game, and that is that is, like, my memory as a kid is watching the Detroit lions with my dad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

We didn't watch football in the house very often, but but dad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

like, religiously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

watched the Detroit lions morning game on Thanksgiving Day. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

I'm sure football will probably be on. Who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

knows if I'll watch any? But this is the best chance to get me to watch football is over Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

You should listen. Just just watch a little bit. Right? There's gonna be so think about this. There's a moment, and this is this is another, like, glorious thing. This is just an American thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

You load up with turkey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

Right? You eat way too much to the point that you feel physically uncomfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

And and, you know, again, it's like all soaking in gravy too. Right? Building this big glorious mush in your gut,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

and you realize that there's pumpkin pie or apple pie or something like that waiting off in the distance, and you can smell it. Right? But you gotta let all that food settle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

Because if if, you know, you have to actually have room

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

for the pie. So you you go find a couch in front of a big television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

You let that tryptophan start to cook on your nerves and slow your whole body down, and you do it while watching football.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Camera. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

So you can get ready for the pie. The so I want you to just think of football this this week as preparatory for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

pie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

It is football is there to get your body physically ready to consume even more calories, sweet calories,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

after you've had your your turkey. That's what football's there for, John. See? Now it has a purpose. Now you can go ahead. Say so, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:29]

remind me again about this next week, and we'll see what I actually did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

See,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

so these are things that I'm really passionate about if it's not it's not clear. Right? Gravy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

you know, being together with family on Thanksgiving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

watching football,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

just kinda that whole experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:47]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

On the Thanksgiving note, we're thankful for you, our listeners.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:52]

So I wanted to give a shout out to other

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

people other than Sid Finch who have left us

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

customer reviews on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

We're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

What what's our total 14

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

ratings and seven written reviews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

14.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

14.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

One

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

four. That's 10 And plus four. They're all five stars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

You you have to use your fingers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

and your toes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

in order to count how many ratings we have. It's still That sounds like Borchardt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:28]

I don't even know what the word is. Sounds like something Borchardt would say. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

He might. He might. Alright. So you you wanted to did you wanna share something? Because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

some of them are First up is mom lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

Mom lemons calls us creative,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:47]

genius,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

inspiring,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:49]

bright and entertaining.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

These two guys are the best.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

Love mom lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

I you know, I I can't help but agree with her, first of all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

I I will tell you that when I saw this, I was so tickled that my mom listens to the podcast because I wasn't actually sure. And that means she's back in The US. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's been back in The US for a while. She's been doing a lot of traveling, and I think I'm trying to remember now. She's going to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

Dubai or something in January.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

I got like, here's the thing. My mom is constantly on the move, and I don't I can't really keep track of what's going on, but every so often, she'll forward me an email that's an itinerary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

and that's like that's when it clicks. Oh, mom's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

going on a trip again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

Yeah. She's in the country for the moment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

Oh, Kenya. Kenya and Dubai. There we go. Just looked at it. How come you never go on any cool trips, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:46]

Like, the Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Here's here's the interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

May maybe in December, John. I got some time Alright. Coming up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Interesting tidbit, I have never left The United States sans a trip to Canada when I was very little before you needed a Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

Yeah. There you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

Alright. So there's there's one here that I I actually kinda agitated. You have one? Can you guess which review it was? Yeah. So there's, one by go bangles,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

browns, and ravens. Is that the one you're talking about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

Yeah. Now just since you don't follow football, does that does that make sense? The Ravens as a Steelers fan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

That's all I know. Yeah. I also hate the Browns. How can you hate the Browns? The Browns never win. Three teams.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

Dude, we tied with them at the beginning of the season. I can hate the browns. Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

so these are these are my, division

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

teams. Right? These are the the three teams in the division. These are the teams that we play twice a year. We know them really well that we play them once at home, once in a way. So whoever whoever wrote this is clearly a passionate football fan or at least just hates the Steelers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

they like life with a twist of lemon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

minus the Steelers stock apparently. Is great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:07]

So they said something for everyone. We don't we don't actually talk to this deal. I wouldn't have anything to add to that conversation. Not that I have anything to add to most conversations,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:15]

but we've had fun talking about my home buying process.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

Something for everyone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:22]

I am definitely not a tech guy, but I really enjoyed this podcast as a change up from my normal set of shows. I wonder what his other set of shows are or hers. I guess I don't know if it's a Yeah. I know. I was wondering that too. So there's a good blend of topics such as home buying milkshakes and Apple products as well as general everyday life topics, like buying a house or setting a budget.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

We get we at some point, we gotta circle back to the budget thing. But, yeah, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

Cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

Well, thank you, listener, whoever you are despite your poor taste in football teams. And I think you're just fine because I don't watch football. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

we got one from a random task force member. This is my task force with the LCMS that we'd completed our work back in October.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:09]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:11]

she calls it hard to describe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

This podcast is an easy listen. Stan and John delve into milkshake reviews, technology biking, and time management to name a few. It's like having a good conversation with a friend. Now that is not the first time that I've heard that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

having a good conversation with a friend remark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:29]

Kristen Sanchez, a mutual friend of ours, also said that when she was listening to the car, like having a nice car ride or having a car ride with good friends.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:39]

So she just hasn't left it on iTunes yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

I do like the title Hard to describe. Hard to describe. Because when when people are like, hey, you've got a podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

they ask me, well, what do you talk about? And I I always say, I really don't know. Like, I I just I I have no worries. Basically is meant to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:59]

be our phone conversations that we would normally have in real life, And I think that has played out to be true. Yeah. We're a little more structured here, you asking leading questions and things like that, but the same topics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

Yeah. But we're I don't know. We're I think we're definitely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

true to form for the phone calls. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

So alright. And then Christy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

is do we decide I think it's German.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

There's other

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

there's other Germans in the LCMS,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

but I'm pretty sure this one is German.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:30]

You can read this one, Stan. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

So she says, met met you both from Higher Things, which was a nonprofit organization, a Lutheran youth organization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

that we both met through and we were involved with for a long time. How many years I was just shy of 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

And I I think I hit just past 12 or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

She says she also loves the Apple discussions,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:53]

and we'll be back. I'm not sure what that means. Does that mean, like, she's taking a hiatus from some of gonna tune in again next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

I can't I still can't believe people do that, but that's wonderful. Thank you, Chrissy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

We have lots of nice listeners. Alright. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

do. That and they're apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

for for reasons I still don't understand, very very kind and generous to post Right. Here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

on, iTunes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

So I think we've only got two Oh, then we better cover them. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

Yeah. So Piggy 54,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

which is great show, wonderful randomness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

which goes back to that hard to describe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

review,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

and Milkshake Reviews Galore, which we haven't done in a couple episodes. We'll have to revisit that soon. Milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

yeah. So she is she or I know. Can't tell. Piggy, I guess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

yeah. So I saw Piggy, and I thought miss Piggy, but maybe that's not a good reference. I I will just say whoever Piggy fifty four is, they wrote listening to the show is pure joy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

Aw. Thank you. Knowing these two makes it easier to understand some of the inside baseball references, but they also do a good job of explaining it for the uninformed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

This means that it's somebody we know, John. Like, somebody we might

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

alright. And then you've peaked my taste buds for rubs by Fanker. You hear that, Aaron Fanker? If you are listening to this, there are other people who want your rubs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

Lastly, and possibly even going for a milkshake at a local place, which is local by local standards. Keep up the good talk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:26]

Thanks, Piggy. Before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

Now Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

You take the last one. This is the most awkward one. So f rambo four 20 says living in hope,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

Five stars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:39]

I love this podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

The chemistry between John and Stan is just undeniable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:44]

It's a classic will they or won't they sort of situation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:47]

You just keep hoping that they'll get together and romance will win out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:52]

Is it unlikely?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

You've gotta live in hope. Strongly recommend tuning in for this reason if for no other.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

And and on that note, we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

thank everyone who's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

left a review,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

even f rambo four twenty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

Yeah. Thank you. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:18]

am I gonna see you this week, John? You will see me. The question is for how long. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:24]

unfortunately, we didn't get our whole week because, you know, I bought a house. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:28]

sounds like Right. We'll for sure have a weekend when Avengers comes out now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

Yeah. We're okay. We're gonna get together

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

before Avengers four comes out because that's the long way off. And we will we will do a live podcast or semi live. We will be in the same physical place. It will still be recorded and posted later because an actual stream is hard to do. Seems like a waste of time, but whatever. And nobody's gonna tune in. And also, like, how many people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

exactly I should have Facebook Live today from the new house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

That was a missed opportunity. That'd be cool. Maybe at some point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

Now Facebook Facebook live, hold on. Let me let me just make sure I understand it. That's like Periscope. I don't think Periscope exists anymore, and it was, like, tied with Twitter or something. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

No way. Periscope is gone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

Gosh. I feel so old right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:24]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

Anyway,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

we've gone too long again, Stan. So have a great Thanksgiving. Alright. Yeah. Hope you enjoyed your turkey,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:32]

and we'll see you next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:35]

Yeah. Real quick, though. If you've made it this far,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

you need to tune in next week. Right? Because next week will be our twentieth episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

and we're going to do something special right before our opening music crawl,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

and it's gonna be awesome, and it's gonna have to do with those square sticky things that I've been talking about Dear Lila. In the mail, and it is for it is for you, dear listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

It's gonna be cool. We're really excited about it. We've been thinking about it for about a month now, and we will announce it at at the next episode, episode 20, and we will kinda do what we're gonna do all the way through December, but you have to tune in next episode to learn what it is. So there you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

Luck with the box. See you later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

See you.

