---
title: You probably shouldn't include Euchre on your resume
episode: 57
date: 2019-08-08T14:33:16.000Z
slug: you-probably-shouldnt-include-euchre-on-your-resume/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around a resume review, focusing on how to
  effectively communicate skills, experience, and personal details to potential
  employers. The discussion centers around storytelling, highlighting relevant
  experiences, and showcasing additional skills and interests. The reviewer
  provides feedback on the candidate's strengths and weaknesses, offering
  suggestions for improvement.
keywords:
  - board membership
  - board service
  - CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate)
  - customer support
  - Jira Confluence
  - LCMS
  - Mercurial
  - podcasting
  - Slack
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, many a time, I have touted how much I prefer Apple over some of the alternatives. Right? And in particular, you know that not too long ago, I abandoned all of my Alexas. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

So right before we record this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Siri suggests, hey, can I put on do not disturb for you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

And I love that. I love that. That's all on device AI right there. That's no going to the cloud or any other craziness that the competitors are doing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

But does Siri understand what you say?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

About as good as Alexa did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

Alright. Alexa had a, an interesting advantage in having multiple microphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

But I think I mean, in general, Siri works well for me. Nice. I never use Siri, really. Not even on your watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:17]

No. My watch is old and slow, and Siri would probably crash it. So Yeah. Well, that's that's what happens when all you use are hand me downs, John. Hey. Watch is the only hand me down I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

At the moment. Hey. By the way, speaking of John being cheap, how's that router situation going for you? Any improvements there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

Well, can you still see me? I can. Yeah. Less fuzz this week. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

Well, I don't have anything officially to report yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

Officially to report yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

Well, it's a long episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

there's something I wanted to tell you. I've been looking at our list for a while here, our episode ideas list, and I have a confession to make.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

I don't know how to play euchre.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

That's okay. Missus Kolmeyer did not know how to play euchre until a couple weeks ago. And taught her.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

here's the deal. What was the hold hold hold hold hold. What was the venue in which you taught missus Kolmeier?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

My dining room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

Wait. Wait. Just you and her played? No. The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:23]

her

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

maid of honor and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:26]

her maid of honor's husband were in town briefly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

and we had time to kill. So I brought out a deck of cards,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

Ben and I both knew how to play euchre, so we taught the ladies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

Okay. Now you need four people to play euchre. Right? You can't just play it with two?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

If you're playing standard euchre, yes, you need four. There's also a version called cutthroat euchre, which you can play with three. That just sounds violent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

So I I have played euchre

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

several times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

But you don't remember how to play? Well, it's one of these things where, like, the last time I played was probably four years ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

I learned. Right? And I like, I had two games of learning and a third game that was fun, and then we didn't do it again for a long time. And because it's a four person deal, like, you gotta find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

somebody else besides missus Lemon who knows. Now missus Lemon knows how to play Euchre because her family oh, yeah. Yeah. Nice. So, their family get togethers would have a euchre tournament,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

with, like, rotation and, like yeah. It was it was like a whole new deal, man. I learned on the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

Kolmeyer summer vacation each year with the Kolmeyer Family Euchre Tournament, which wasn't really a tournament. It was just whoever four wanted to play pretty much played the whole weekend. So The the game definitely has legs in the Midwest. I've talked to people outside the Midwest. They don't even know what Euchre is. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:46]

So I play every day at lunch at work pretty much. If we have more than four people and less than eight people, that usually becomes a game of hearts instead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

And I don't know how to play that either, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

Stan, we need to hang out with two other people, and we'll teach you some card games. Well, John, it's funny you should mention that because I've been trying to get you to come with your wife rather than just you solo to Indianapolis and hang out with us. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

Here's the problem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

When I'm busy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:18]

my wife is not busy. When my wife is busy, I am not busy. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

You just gotta you gotta work harder at it, John. Like I told you, take more PTO.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

Speaking of which, my my boss is gonna be completely off the grid this week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

So I'm on show. I was just saying, does that mean you're in charge? It does. Kinda. Gosh. He's gotta be nervous.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:44]

Hey. You used to leave me in charge, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

Yeah. But I I was also free enough that I didn't really care what happened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

That's fair. Like, the whole week, how many days are we talking about?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

So he drives

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

up north

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

on Monday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

and he won't be back until the following Monday. So Okay. So what major changes are you gonna make to the company while he's gone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

Hopefully, close a bunch of pending projects.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

So Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

That's good. That seems like the kind of thing you'd wanna come back to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:20]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:21]

Otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

I don't know. It's just a week. Give me a month, and maybe I can make some groundbreaking changes. We can get into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

opening our own ecommerce store or something like that. Maybe it's a good thing he doesn't listen to the podcast. Lemon t shirts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

There we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

Yeah. Just out of curiosity, John, if you were to do an ecommerce store for life with a twist of lemon, what, what product would you use to establish that store right now? What's your what's your flavor of the day?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

I haven't thought about it, Sam. Okay. Well, you should think about that just because I'm curious. Not because I have any ideas. Lemonade glasses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

No. No. No. No. I didn't say what product. I meant like You didn't say what product? Yeah. No. That's not the product I meant. I meant like, would you use Shopify

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

or like what product in the ecommerce space would you use? So if we were just getting started

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

and our website is on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

WordPress currently, I would just install WooCommerce and see if we can sell anything there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:23]

So Shopify is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

is a great program

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:27]

or a great platform

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

if you're serious about doing ecommerce.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

If we're setting up fan gear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

probably not. Okay. Alright. So, when you said lemon glasses,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

did you mean like glasses. Lemonade. Oh, lemonade glasses. Okay. The kind you would drink from. Correct. Gotcha. Alright. Well, that's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

that's not a bad idea. Would they be tall and skinny, or how do you picture a lemonade glass?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

I don't know, man. You've been to Red Robin. Right? Yeah. But it's it's been a while, John. Have you ever gotten the freckled lemonade there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

I feel like we had this discussion when I went to go do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:02]

a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:03]

Yeah. Right? Which that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

that bombed out so badly. I can't imagine you going back to Red Robin anytime soon. So the freckled lemonade is served in, like, this tornado glass,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

and it's, like, it's pretty cool looking. What's a tornado glass? Let me let me see if I can find a photo for you. Okay. I this this seems like it's gimmicky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

Could be. Could be. Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

Interestingly enough, I I haven't been to a Red Robin in a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

mainly because I find their burgers to be very sloppy to eat, kinda harkening back to our discussion last week. Oh. I should talk about this too. Oh, boy. They always fall apart on me though. That's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

that's that's why I'm just not a big fan. I do like their french fries. I know a lot of people don't care for them, but, you know, it is what it is. I like their,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

french fries seasoning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:53]

which is just a relabeled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

Seasoned salt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

Okay. I see this tornado glass. This looks like a terrible idea. This would make this would make me lose my mind because it's not symmetrical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

Like, I I would be struggling to find out. Understand? Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

if to me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

seriously, like, I would have this and I would be constantly turning it in my hand to try and find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

a way to look at it that was pleasing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

The lack of symmetry would drive me nuts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:25]

Alright. So tornado glasses are off the table.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

Alright. Did you have something else you wanted to say about burgers, John? Burgers. So we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

frequented

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

or we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:35]

went to Five Guys yesterday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

We're recording earlier this week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

So I got Five Guys, and I ran into the bun falling apart problem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

And, honestly, the burger was not delicious, which takes us back to our craftsmanship

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

comment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

Like, burger was overcooked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:54]

Cheese wasn't melted.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

It was not a great experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

Cheese not melted. That's not a good sign. So did you get a tomato on it? I did not. We talked about this. Okay. Well, I know. I know. But you said that the bun or the the burger fell apart, and I was wondering if maybe you would brave the tomato. So what I think it is is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

I got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:14]

fresh green peppers on there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

and they put them on the bottom of the burger. And I think that those just kinda ripped

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:22]

the bun apart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

Fresh green peppers, like just a Fresh sliced green pepper. Green pepper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

Yeah. Which is usually not like an actual sliced green pepper. They cut it up smaller. Dude, it's delicious. You should try it. That doesn't I don't know. It just doesn't sound good to me. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

I'm I I it doesn't even come to mind. I I'm a real so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

when I go to a burger place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

my default, right, is lettuce, onion, tomato,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

mustard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

pickle. Got it. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

And with cheese, of course, you know. Right. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

wonder I guess I should ask. Do you prefer American or cheddar, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:59]

I honestly prefer cheddar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

Okay. Just because it's not as dangerous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

at the varying qualities of cheese that you may have. Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. With American cheese, you never quite know what you're gonna get, and most of the time it's a cheese product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

So that's fair. I I prefer the, like, more powerful flavor behind a good slice of cheddar as well, But there is something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

about the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

the texture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

the, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

soft rubberiness of American cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

that just goes good on a burger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:33]

I like hamburgers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

Hamburgers. Made you I don't think I've ever made you a burger. No. Have this pepper

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

cheddar burger,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:42]

that Anna loves, and I got this from my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:45]

meat department manager brother.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

Basically copied the burgers that they were selling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

and it's delicious. Nice. Do you wanna spill the beans on the recipe here, or is this a secret? So, basically, I mean, cheddar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

cheese

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

mixed up into the meat and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

coarse ground pepper

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:04]

around the edge of the burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

Just the edge?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

Yeah. I mean, you would season the burger as you normally would, but, like, a coarse ground pepper crust around the around the edge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

So, like, the side so hold up. Hold up. Hold. That means you have to have a, basically, a flat surface. So you're taking the disc and you're rolling it in Correct. Fresh ground black pepper. Okay. Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

I I think the thing I would be concerned about there is what do you do after you, like, eat the exterior edge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

Do you go around and eat the exterior edge of your burger? No. No. No. But I mean, like, they're you're gonna have bites in the middle, right, that are going to be void of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

ground black pepper. Pepper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

Possibly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

Maybe you just have to make your burger patty smaller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

Well, now that's not a bad idea. A bunch of them. Yeah. So, I love doing grated cheese in my burger. I know that's kind of a faux pas to some.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

The struggle I always have is the proper ratio because too much grated cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

and the burger literally explodes on the grill. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

But not enough, and you're left there thinking like, why did I bother? So it's a it's a tricky Right. It's a tricky thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:17]

I feel like you need a spreadsheet for this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

Probably. That actually is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

a really great point. I do spreadsheets for a lot of my cooking, and this is one I don't have, so I'm gonna have to make it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

And that means you're gonna have to start weighing how much cheese you shred. So Yep. Well, you know, there are worse things in life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

so I literally just got a comment on my Facebook

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

post of last week's episode, our season two kickoff

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

from regular listener Kristen Sanchez.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:49]

And she says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

I understood almost none of this episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

so my guess is not a Trek fan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

Yeah. We went Uber trucky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

last,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

last week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Well, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

I got an idea. Alright. This let's do this episode just for Kristen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

Alrighty?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

So I I do believe Kristen just started a new job, didn't she? She did. Or at least her title changed. Yeah. It'll still be the same job. Okay. So let's assume

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

let's assume that Kristen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:21]

had to do an interview process and, like, had to submit a resume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

And let's talk about the resume, John, because that's been on our list for a long time. You've been We we hate euchre.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:32]

We will now hit resumes. We should have talk about tacos instead of burgers. Yeah. We gotta we gotta save some backlog would be done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:40]

Let's talk about resumes, and I have a great practical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:46]

piece for you to look at. I I sent it to you earlier. This is the resume,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:52]

pretty much my most current resume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

No. This this isn't this isn't current for you at all. Alright. Let's let's take a step let's take a step back real quick. You've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

been looking at a bunch of resumes lately, haven't you? I've looked at a few resumes. Yes. Yeah. Because you're you're doing some interviewing for a position. Correct. In my career, I have looked at just countless resumes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

I've shared,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

some details or some, like, suggestions with you over the years of things that seen that work, that don't work. If I understand correctly too, didn't you just do a resume review for a family member as well? I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

Okay. And if you look at my resume format that I sent you, I believe this will look a lot like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:34]

a version of yours in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

2013

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:37]

area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

is interesting because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

I've changed my resume quite a bit within the last couple of years. Yeah. Have you seen a recent copy of this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

I saw a recent one that looks nothing like the one that I look at currently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

Yeah. I took a I took a sharp pivot with my last resume update kinda based upon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

some of the things that I had been feeling as I was looking at resumes at work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:01]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

alright, let's let's take a step back. The the format that you have, which you like like you mentioned, right, it's kinda derived from format that I used, which is derived from a number of formats that I had seen, has basically your name, your contact info,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

and then like a list of really short succinct bullets that are like qualifications

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

or in my case, it was technologies that I've used. And then you break down your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

work experience kind of by job. Right? Correct. And yours is what do we have? We're about two full pages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

The very end, after you get past your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

work experience, you've got some volunteer stuff called out, and then you've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

education and certifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

You actually have a certification. I do not. You actually have a degree that is somewhat relevant to what you do. I do not. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

that. I think I think I've told you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

in the past, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

not to list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

the year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

of your degree. Although you've got that on here, so you clearly didn't listen to me, but that's okay. I don't remember you telling me that, but Oh. Well, there we go. Alright. So pro tip number one is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

a couple things. One, you don't always need to list your major. Right? So in my case, my major,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

is in theology and biblical languages. I applied for a software engineering job,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

and people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

take a pause. Right? Or it becomes a distraction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

So I just list the universe I came from and then I got a bachelor of arts degree. I also don't list the year because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

the year can help people deduce how old you are. Right? And that's not usually a strategic advantage for the most part. Now you can you can derive some of the same information

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

jobs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

Right? But I, another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

piece of encouragement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

and this you don't have the situation. But let's say, I I worked at TGI Fridays for a while in high school. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

I am not going to put that on my resume even though it was a job that I had. Not because I'm trying to hide something mainly because it's not relevant, and I don't feel like it tells you anything about me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

for my first job,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:15]

I did have,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

when I would clean a school building, which was my first job.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

So I had that there. When I moved into a more specific technical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:26]

field and I actually had some work experience,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

then that came off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

Yeah. I think there's a there's con contextual relevance. Like, what do you want people to know about you? Do they want do you want them to know that John Kuhlmeyer is really good at cleaning toilets?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

Right? The answer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

probably not. Probably not. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

I mean, if you get to the point where you have to be cleaning the toilet at, McNary Marketing, you're you're in big trouble, buddy. But I I think that's a bit of it. And then also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

there is a point in your resume where you, like, graduate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

right, from those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:59]

early careers, those early jobs Okay. And they just don't hold the value. So I start mine in 02/2006,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

which is nowhere near my first job. Right? So 02/2006,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:11]

I had graduated college. I had been working by that point for probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

eight years. Right? So there's eight years of uncaptured work experience

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

on my resume, and that's okay. I had been stalking you for one year in 02/2006.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

Okay. That's way to keep it weird, John. Way to keep it weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

So here's here's the another revelation in my latest draft. Maybe I should message you this while we're looking at it. Do you have a copy? You just sent it to me, Steve. Oh, I did. Okay. Well, there we go. I'm I'm good to go. Are you doing okay? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

Long day, man. Long day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

One of the other things that I did recently is I trimmed down my prior work experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

everything before my current role,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

down to just a bullet or two. So if you look at these, they're actually pretty short. Right? Yep. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

I tried to laser focus them on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

was meaningful about that job. So as an example, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

at giftcards.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

I worked directly with the CTO. I wasn't further down the totem pole or anything like that. So I call that out. Right? Because that's a different,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

it's a different capacity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

than many software engineers find themselves. I I feel like that's important. And I think that's the goal. Right? Is on those older

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

things, you're trying to pick out stories to tell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Right. Without belaboring them. And and here's the other thing too. Like, want people to ask me questions about what's on this document,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

you know. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

The more stuff I put on there, the less there is to ask. So you gotta you gotta wordsmith out things that are almost like teasers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

Alright. Your two pages, mine is like a page Half and half.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

It's not a half. It's like a third. Let's go with a third. Now your margins are small. My margins are small, which is something I recommend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

My spacing is not, over the top. My font is not particularly large,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

you know, is what it is. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

I'm less of a fan of multi page resumes than I used to be. I'm also because you review them now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

Well, yeah. And and, like, quite frankly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

half the time, I don't turn the page two. Right? Yep. Or if I do, it's a quick glance to look at education or whatever, and then I move on. It's just when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

you are reviewing a resume, you're not reviewing one. Right? You're usually reviewing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

a dozen or maybe And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

so, you know, I just don't have the time nor the interest for that matter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

And that's one of the reasons why,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

small margins,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

readable, yet not too large font,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

reasonable spacing is important because that first page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

that's your sales pitch. Right? And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

in my situation, right, I made sure that I had everything from 02/2012,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

forward

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

on that first page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

and then everything else that wasn't terribly, like, recent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

on the next, including education.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

So because someone's gonna flip over there just to see it and then then move on, which is what I want. Right? Right. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

have a I have a, I don't know, kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

unique ish two lines at the top called technologies,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

which is just a list of technologies that I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

have experience with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

And this one's interesting This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

isn't even technologies you have experience with. This kinda reads as technologies that you would be interested in working in. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. Because if I were to list everything, it it would it would be a lot more. And there are things like, as an example, ASP classic that I have a lot of experience with that I have absolutely no desire ever to return to. Like, I I there's there's not a universe in which I wanna go back to that. So that's that's a good call out. This, I think, is a aspect that is somewhat unique to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

technology resumes in the sense that I have I have met a lot of technology recruiters that want a list of technologies up at the top because they're doing keyword matching and they don't wanna Right? Find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

So I don't necessarily recommend this, which is why it's as succinct as it is. And and like, I didn't put it as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

separate bullets. I wasn't gonna waste a lot of space on it. It's like, alright. Here's the keywords that the recruiters want, and then I'm gonna move on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

there's been this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

trend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

and you've seen it in my old older resume draft, and you have it too. Right? To list out, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

attributes of myself. Right? Like, hey, I'm a quick learner. Right? You've got that. Yep. Well, you know, if you're if you're not, you're not gonna say I'm a slow learner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

And I I don't I don't really I don't know. Some of these things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

you you can't defend either. Like, I'm a self starter. Okay. What does that mean to you? And the only way that you're going to articulate that to me is through a story about some project you did, but you kinda like, you know, you you took the the horse by the reins and drove it home. And I'm more interested in that story than the two lines that waste a bunch of space at the top of your resume. So I'd prefer you to tell that story in your bullets. I need to remove that and talk about starting life with Twist Almond podcast. There you go. That would be a great thing to do. It's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

I mean, you make an interesting point. Right? Like, what what does self starting mean? Like, what is the thing that you want to convey?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

And in your particular situation, I think it would be interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

You don't have like a projects section

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

of your resume. Right? Like Right. Your hobby horses,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

your side projects,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

whatever. And this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

you edit, you produce,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

you handle all the content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

You basically do everything except listen to well, you know, you listen to me talk. You do everything but talk for me. Right? But that's Great. That I think is is worthwhile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

to call out on here. Again, like, don't spend a lot of time on it. But, you know, that that's that's like a nice side project. I don't list side projects on my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

resume because people can find most of that on my GitHub page, which interestingly is actually not on my resume, that probably needs to get fixed. But that's also another technology nuance thing. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

here's here's the thing though too. And you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

you do do this on your resume. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

I put a ton of content around my current role.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

Right? And I sell every angle of it. And I I even make some statements that I'm not always a 100% comfortable saying out loud

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

because I've gotta be a salesman for myself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

Right. These are these are all full sentences though, which is not something you're really doing in your resume. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

And I think here's here's the conclusion that I've I've reached. I have a habit of reading resumes out loud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

Right? Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

So I'll, you know, like, here, just read John's. Plan regular content updates.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

Implement online registration for events using Eventbrite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

What I really want is, like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:06]

Why was that important?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

Yeah. Like, tell me the story. Right? It's it's all about storytelling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

again, you want something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

that is interesting enough that someone's gonna ask you about it when you get into an interview. And so Right. I don't really care that you implemented online registration for events using Eventbrite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

I might care about some conference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

that you ran for Iowa East and how you revolutionized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

the whole flow and simplified it and cut down registration times by a factor of 10 or something like that. You know? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

So ironically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:39]

one of the comments that I got, and that was probably pretty much the same resume

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

my positions really up really including my current position.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

I'm all over the place. Like, I don't have a specific skill

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

that I'm doing all day every day, like writing code or managing developers or something like that. You're a jack of all trades. Something like that. Jack of all trades, master of none.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

Well and I think I think that's why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

you want to tell stories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

Right. Rather than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

kind of just rattle off Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

You know, because again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

what what I think would emerge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

from your resume is probably that you make a decent program manager.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

You've got some operational management skills,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

and those are gonna come through in those stories. Whereas here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

yeah, like, I can't I can't really tell that that's your strong suit. Right? Like Right. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

are relatively organized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

yeah. We'll just say that. You're relatively organized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

this this resume is not communicating stories that would lead me to believe that. I think that's that's skill. Right? That's like your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

your your killer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

feature, if you will, that you wanna sell in your interview. Yeah. You know? And, like, it's a big superpower. I'll tell you what, man. I I work with a ton of people who I I am always amazed that they're able to get dressed in the morning because their organizational skills are a little lacking. So that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

that's like it's worth it's worth making the pitch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

And I think that's that's the area that I would say focus on. Right? And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

you know, again, here's the other thing I would observe. Your work experience per role or the current role. Right? You've got it broken up into three sections.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:30]

And I guess my question to you is. So, yeah, this is also my last position. It's not even updated for my current position, which is probably another problem. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

Maybe another good reason why McTheory is not listed. Right? He doesn't have to worry about why you're updating your resume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:47]

so here's here's what I'd ask. Like, is the thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

or or or rather, are all the things under this first block called web presence, are they the most important bit

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

under your Iowa East experience?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

So they were for the positions that I was applying for, at least from a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

skill,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

standpoint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

So I would argue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

that maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

not entirely true. So you've got a second section

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

around communications,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

right, where you have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

kinda poor attempt at communicating your soft skills.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

Sort of, maybe. At least, I think that's that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

there's a spirit of that somewhere out And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

and I I guess my point to you is this, like, your current work experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

I wouldn't break it down in subsections or anything like that. I would literally start with the most important story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

and then work down to the least important one. Yep. And so when I wrote mine, I actually wrote it all my bullets, and then I wordsmith the snot out of them just constantly repolishing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

And ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

what I've wanna do is reordering the bullets thereafter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

So I kinda played like a little bowl sort, right, where it's like Right. Number

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

one's now more important than number two. Number one's now more important than number three, but it's not more important than number five, that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:11]

I also noticed that you only put your current job title there. You don't have every job title that you have had since joining Salesforce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

Yeah. I debated that. So the problem that I have is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

if I if I did that, I'd have to have all these additional headings, and I'm not sure that they actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

communicate anything valuable. Right? Got it. So I you know, it's it's tricky. I think that's a that's a complicated one. If you're needing to fill up space on the page, maybe that makes sense. In my situation, if you actually look at the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

bullets that survived,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

they're not the ones that I did as a lead engineer at Salesforce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

I shouldn't say that. There are a couple in here, but they're, like, they're not the top couple. So I'm I'm less worried about that's that relevance, if that makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

It it's it's tricky. Right? You it's again, it goes back to, like, I've got a limited amount of space. I've gotta catch your eye, and I want the most important things on page one. And quite frankly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

like, my internal promotions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

are not really that important if I'm applying somewhere else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

It's more about, like, where I got to and the things that got me there. And, you know, I can I can talk about that if it comes up? Like, have you always been a software architect? Well, no. No. You know, I'm I kinda worked my way up through a couple positions, etcetera, etcetera. And and that's that's cool. Like, that that actually is a good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

like, point of discussion to have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

Alright, Stan. What else?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

I mean, again, I think if if I were to distill down everything, I just, like, kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:45]

vomited onto the recording.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

It would be tell a story. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:52]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

be succinct,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

but also clear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

and prioritize that first page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

Don't worry so much about the second page. If you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

the the one the one contrast I would say to that is I have seen people that have cut their resumes down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

to such bare bones that it only fits on one page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

and it's very clear that they're not doing themselves justice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

Right? Right. So I would I would almost say this. Here's here's an exercise to try if you are going to write a resume.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

Single spaced,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

one inch margins,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

12 font,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

use bullets,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

and write out sequentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

everything that you've done in your career that's of importance. Everything that you like, you look back and you're like, well, when I was at Libsyn, I did x y z. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

What are the things that you want to communicate about that position? Write those all out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

And if you can't fill up a page,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:47]

either one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

you haven't been in the workforce that long, or two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

your career really stunk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

or three, you're not doing it hard enough. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

most likely, it's number three where you just haven't figured out how to communicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

the nuances your of your story, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

Let me let me give a example because I feel like I keep saying tell your story, and I I maybe have not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

done a good job. He just talked about mine a little bit, but it would be good to talk about more. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

there's I have a project. It's an open source project on github.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

It's under the Salesforce GitHub organization. It's called the Storm Dynamics Spout. I worked on it with a friend of mine at work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

and we were trying to solve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

splitting a Kafka topic, which is like it's like a stream of messages, right, into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:37]

multi tenant channels, essentially. I'm doing maybe not the best job articulating the technical nuance here, but just just bear with me. So we had a specific Most of our listeners wouldn't understand anyway. Yeah. We had a specific problem that we were trying to solve, right, which is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

throttling for tenants,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

and we solved it with this particular implementation. The implementation is open sourced, and we also submitted a patent, and I was a co inventor of that patent. Right? And so my story is we built this project to solve this very specific need of multi tenant throttling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

And, oh, by the way, it's open source, and we got a patent too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

Right? And it solved the problem for the customer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

And that's, like, that's a nice, good, multifaceted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

Right? That basically says, okay. I'm capable of designing something. I'm capable of writing a bunch of code. I'm capable of dealing with technical,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

nuance and complexity. I'm also able to, like, communicate about that in a broad way to the teams that needed to use it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

I was motivated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

you know, quite frankly, like, the colleague I worked on it with, we were pretty independent, you know. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

there's a bunch of different characteristics. And subtly, if somebody really cares,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:48]

you can say, yeah, you can go check it out and see exactly what I did when I did if you go over this open source repository.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

Exactly. Exactly. And so I think, like, what happens, right, is someone sees that they'll they'll they'll go there, like, step, right, to check it out. And Yep. They'll come back and be like, wow. You know, this this guy knows what he's talking about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

Looks like a pretty cool project.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

And and this is in the space or the area that we need expertise on. Like, that's that's the hope in telling that story. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

That's the kind of thing I think you wanna target. Right? And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

you know, the the rest, like, the the bullets or qualifications,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

if you will, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

should come out of that. Like, you should be able to extrapolate those without having to to spell them out. Right? Right. Because you don't wanna have to tell somebody that you're self motivated and independent. You want them to be able to deduce that from your story. Right. That's the bottom line. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:44]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:46]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:49]

I list off my contract and volunteer work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

Since I'm no longer actively doing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

web development contracts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

I probably would remove that at this point. What about some of this volunteer volunteer position stuff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

So I think the volunteer work is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

helpful. If you look at my resume, right, I list off the, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

the four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

most relevant things. They're not everything that I've ever done. Right? So as an example, I did not list off that I served for what a month or two on the higher things board of directors. Didn't put that on there. I do list that I am a board member of the Indiana district of the LCMS. I do list that I was a board member for a a high school,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

for a couple reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

One, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

board membership in general

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:36]

looks good. Right? It's it's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

it's an organizational thing, especially when you're elected by peers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

I think there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

some nuance around, like, my ability to communicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

and to collaborate come through in those things. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

I also, you know, for me personally, right, I list financial secretary at at my church because I'm dealing with like a bunch of numbers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

money. And there's some significance to that. Right? Like that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:02]

Right. That's that's something I want people to think, oh, hey, like that's a big deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

And then the last thing that I list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

is that I serve as a CASA, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

my hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

usually when people see that is like, have no idea what that is. And they start googling it. Right? And they start reading about the, like, the seriousness and the impact of of that volunteer work, and then they think, wow. This he's a pretty good guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

the the point here being, I list out the things one that I'm currently doing. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

I only have one thing on here that was passed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

and that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

mainly because it was long term board service, and I also served as a treasurer. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

each of these other things communicate something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

me that I want them to know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

And and so it's not just like a blanket

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

dump of things. If if I were you, I would definitely keep your chairman of the board of directors. Right? For Right. For your Saint Paul's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

church and and your university center. I think that's that's pretty significant. I would guess that your blue ribbon tasks thing that you did might also be worth calling out. Like, that's that seems kind of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

like, reputable. Right? Right. And those are the kind of things that I would look for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

and put on there. I think, you know, the Camp Iodicea work that you list on your resume is kind of More

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

contract y and very applicable to positions I was applying for at that time. Yeah. And and so I think I think there's less of a sales pitch there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

perhaps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

But, you know, you could put volunteer with Camp Aida Seca in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

these specific ways, you know, technical ways. But, like, right now, this is a bunch of bullets and doesn't really need to be. And I think that's the other thing too is I don't under under my volunteer work, I don't describe what I'm doing. I just, list the position, which hopefully conveys enough about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

what's going on there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

that if people are interested more, they'll ask me about it. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:06]

And the other thing that I have here is a bunch of additional skills at the bottom, including operating systems that I've worked with and things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:16]

Podcasting is there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

So look at the things that you have. Right? Like, you list Slack.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

Okay. I do list Slack. Great. You've you've been able to open the app, log in So that one that one is there specifically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

because it tied to the job posting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

Have have you thought about maybe listing out that you can text message too, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

Or Oh, that's a good one, Stan. I'm I'm able to send an email. I think this goes back to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:43]

here's another one. Additional skills, customer support.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

Is that because you called a customer support line, or is that because you're customer support?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

Both.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

Yeah. So again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

I think you've got there there's a balance here. Right? So Yep. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

are familiar with certain tool sets, Jira Confluence, Bitbucket, Git Mercurial. Yeah. Those things are cool. The fact that you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

like, use a computer that has Mac OS on it, I hope that I'm not worried that you're capable of working

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

with a computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

at you know, by looking at the rest of your solve computer problems too, Stanley. Well, and again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

if that if that's a nuance you wanna convey, tell a story about it. Right? Yep. And I don't know that listening Microsoft server '28 or 02/2008, 2012

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

is really doing anything for you there. And, you know, if I look at this, I know More than for sure. Yeah. If if I look at this, I see Linux, I'm gonna ask, hey, which flavors? What were you doing with it? Was it Debian or was it Red Hat Base? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

so, you know, iPhone, iPad, iOS. Alright. You got an iPhone. You know how to make a call. Great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

You just gotta pick your battles. Right? So Yep. Some like, active directory. I think what could be interesting there is to tell some story about how you manage an active directory server or setup. Like Yep. That's that's more impactful than maybe just listing out these skills.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

Editing, I don't know what you're editing. You got that? That's just one word. I I would guess is that written? Is that movies? That was that was written

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

Okay. So is the story there that you edited for the higher things website, maybe content for the reflections or the magazine or something like that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:20]

Sure. But I was thinking more Iowa East editing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:24]

16 page

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

doc or magazine that went out to every member of the Lutheran Church in Iowa East. Okay. Suddenly, I'm more interested. Right? How many people receive that magazine, John? Like, that's it's a it's a regional publication for a church party. Like, that's that's the kind of thing that I'm saying, you know, focus on that and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:43]

don't worry about the the rest of it. And Yep. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:47]

let's put it this way. I'm looking forward to part two of this episode whenever we air it, where we look at your updated resume version. Resume.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:54]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

Again, McNary, if you happen to be listening to this episode, hopefully, you're you're not because you're on vacation. But don't worry, John's not leaving you, at least not that I know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:07]

We'll see if that makes the final edit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:10]

I know not at Stan. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:12]

line up our tracks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:15]

Occasionally, we'll take something out if my Internet dies, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

And and actually John, I I will say forty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

some minutes into this and you've not gone fuzzy on me so I appreciate that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:26]

I wonder why that is Stan. I wonder why that is. You you didn't do anything you said. I didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:32]

Okay. Is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:34]

is Anna asleep? Maybe she's not streaming Netflix right now? She might have gone for a walk and she's not streaming Netflix because I don't play pay for it. So Oh, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

alright. We hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

Not to totally derail here, but is Netflix gonna have anything left at the end of the year?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:53]

I don't know. So they send me, like, these occasional comeback emails,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:56]

and they list, like, a grid of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

basically title screen things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:02]

and none of them look interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

Yeah. I I think Netflix is in trouble. I I was saying about this. So we've got the whole Disney exodus. Right? So all of the Disney material is slowly disappearing off of Netflix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:15]

I I think NBC is gonna be next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:18]

If you look at what what, like, I can't remember exactly which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

conglomerate is it. Maybe it's just Comcast as a as a swath there. But they're doing a streaming service as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

And if you think about it, right, by the time you do Disney, you've got ABC isolated there. You already have CBS All Access, which is actually a pretty good streaming service with pretty good content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

If you get NBC off doing its own thing, you're only left with Fox, which is available mostly on Hulu already.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:48]

Like, all they have to do is start strangling their content away from Netflix, and Netflix is gonna be in big trouble. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:55]

I mean, because, like there have been occasional things that Netflix has put out that are good, worth watching.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:02]

I think Peaky Blinders and the Marvel stuff mostly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:07]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:08]

a lot of it's also really bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

And I think so I don't I don't think they will stop making their original content. I think what's gonna wind up happening is so much other content will be strangled off of it off of it. They were gonna be left wondering, like, why am I paying $15

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:26]

Right. For just your original content?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

Yep. And and, you know, I think the the bar has been set, right, with, like, HBO.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

They've gotta get up to that caliber and have that kind of movie access, which quite frankly, like, the HBO movie selection,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

when you're paying for the streaming service, is better than what's on Netflix usually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

Right. So I I don't know. I it's a it's a tall order, and I think they're gonna have to rationalize that price.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:50]

And I think it's gonna be tough, because Netflix used to be the place you went to for as much streaming content as was as was available.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

And the original content was supposed to be the stickiness feature. Right? Like, that's what kept you there as others got competitive content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:05]

that's that's not there anymore. Like, that's not the go to place. If anything is going to be, it's it's probably Hulu at the moment, but it's gonna wind up being Disney. I mean, as far as movies go, at least, especially with the Fox stuff. And, like, I'm a long time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:19]

Netflix customer. I'm not a current Netflix customer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:22]

But when they first introduced streaming, it was free

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:26]

to the people who were getting disc shipped.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:29]

And now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:30]

I'm paying more than double than that if I go resubscribe to Netflix today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:35]

Yeah. But but okay. Let's let's be honest. What was streamed or was available for streaming

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:41]

when they were still shipping discs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:44]

was yeah. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:45]

It was like Charlie Chaplin movies, man. I mean, was Hey, nothing wrong with that, man. No. There's nothing wrong with that. But but again, there's a reason it was free. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:54]

you know Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

Well, who knows? We'll see, John. I I'm I'm still looking forward to Disney plus coming out. I'm gonna get it. I am inching my way back towards CBS All Access whenever Picard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:10]

hits,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:11]

hits for release, maybe sooner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

And I I'd be lying if I told you that I haven't considered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

hopping on Hulu for a hot minute for a couple of shows that that interest me, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

I enjoy, spending my time reading right now. Say that I watch more TV than you, but you you definitely have to fit more TV in than I do. Right. Well, right now, I've not been watching anything. I've just been reading like a like a fiend. Yeah. But and that that's the that's the thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:39]

I'm constantly weighing, do I want to actually sign up for this and, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

spend an hour every night doing that, you know? Right. And most of time the answer is no. But because we have podcasts to record, Stan. We do. We do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:55]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:56]

Anything else on resumes before we close this off? No. Probably have exhausted. For hours, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

Like I said, I look forward to your next drafts, John. Yeah. We'll see if I can get one here in the next couple weeks. Alright, buddy. Hey. Until next time, my friend. Later.
