---
title: 'Bonus Round: Captain Marvel'
episode: bonus-2
date: '2019-03-09T20:07:18.000Z'
slug: bonus-round-captain-marvel/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around the movie Captain Marvel, specifically
  analyzing its plot, character development, and connections to other MCU
  movies. The discussion covers themes such as Nick Fury's plan to address
  Thanos' snap, the significance of the Flerken, and the setup for future events
  in the MCU.
keywords:
  - Captain Marvel
  - Nick Fury
  - Thanos
  - Flerken
  - MCU
  - Avengers
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Okay. So John, I was thinking for this, special edition episode Bonus rounds, You could maybe Bonus round. Bonus round. Sorry sorry sorry. Whatever we're calling it. I was thinking, if if you are willing to take the time to do the additional editing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:38]

you could enter or, like, put in the opening

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

to the Captain Marvel theme right about here, the first, like, thirty seconds. Whatever whatever falls in fairly fair use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

Yeah. Yeah. You know, but but anyhow, so that that's gonna play right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Okay, John. Here we are. Captain Marvel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

bonus round, special edition, whatever you wanna call it. We are here to talk about one of the core tenants of this podcast. The core tenants being,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

finance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

Apple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

and Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

We gotta figure out how to make the other two start with m's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

Yeah. Max,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:44]

milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

Marvel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:46]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:47]

mint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

There you go. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:50]

Monetary. I don't know. Monetary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

Money. There we go. Okay. We'll work on that. But we're not here to talk about any of those except for the Marvel one because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

on Thursday night, Captain Marvel was released.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

This is the next installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

It is the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

only movie before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

Avengers Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

I have gone and seen it, and I believe you have gone and seen it. Correct? I saw it not on opening night, but Friday night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

I saw it Friday morning. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

we're now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

you know that I have been pretty excited about this movie for a while. Were you as excited as I was coming into this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

I was not, but I don't have the background knowledge that you do, as far as the comic books go. So in full disclosure,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

Captain Marvel or Marvell was not really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

something I was into as a kid. I I think just as I continue to become more absorbed by the Marvel Cinematic Universe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

I I have dug deeper. What you know, Hale, hold on. We we should probably pause. Do you have, like, a horn sound you can insert right now? This is gonna be Yeah. We can come up with some danger Will Robinson sound. Okay. Alright. Spoiler alert. Spoiler alert.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:04]

Stop listening now if you care and have not seen Captain Marvel yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

We we will give away

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

key parts of the movie as we dive in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:14]

So For all this time, if you haven't listened yet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

you can go take this time and leave a five star review on iTunes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:21]

for us being so kind as to give you the spoiler alert to not ruin the review. What a great idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

Okay. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

there was an embargo on reviews that got lifted, I don't know, early this week, and I did you read any of the early reviews? I do not read reviews, Stan. Okay. I was curious, so I read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

more than I care to admit, and they were not positive. Like, they were not very encouraging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

The word trope was used more than once, like, this is just another origin story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

And I didn't know what to expect. Right? There was also a lot of criticism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

about Brie Larson's performance as being too stoic, or that she lacked emotion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

And all of these things were in my head as I went to the theater. Meanwhile, apparently

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

have you ever heard of review bombing? Do you know what this is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

Alright. Apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

this is something that happens on the interwebs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

It it gained some traction during The Last Jedi, but basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

people mess with Rotten Tomatoes and tank the score

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

of a movie, which left me wondering, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

do people still use Rotten Tomatoes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:33]

I don't know. Probably. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:36]

Maybe people will go see movies every every week. Like, hey, what's not completely terrible that I could go see this week? I gotta say I put zero,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

clout into Rotten Tomatoes. So I was a little surprised that it mattered enough for people to do this long running troll called review bombing. But nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

going into Friday morning, this was not a well reviewed movie, and I didn't know what I was getting into.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:59]

Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

I'm just curious before we before we dive in, what's your,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

you know, tweet level review? Good, bad, ugly, what'd you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

Not my favorite Marvel movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:12]

but it was good. Good movie, worth seeing in theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

Okay. When you say not your favorite Marvel movie, that begs the question, what is your favorite Marvel movie?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:23]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

think it's Infinity War now, Stan. For the longest time, it was Thor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:28]

but Infinity War takes the cake. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Okay. Let's take a look at the last couple Marvel movies, and let's just compare it. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:37]

Guardians of the Galaxy two, was this better or worse?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:41]

Better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:42]

Ant Man and the Wasp, better or worse?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:46]

Probably better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

Better writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

Black Panther, better or worse?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

I'd probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

set them equally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:03]

cinematically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:05]

Black Panther was better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:08]

There's enough

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

kinda geeky

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:12]

references

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

in Captain Marvel that it's definitely more of an insider movie than Black Panther was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:18]

but I think I'd probably put them on the same level. Okay. Fascinating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

Last but certainly not least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

Thor Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

Say probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:30]

not as good as Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

Okay. Alright. So our our, comparisons are relatively similar. I was more definitive on Ant Man and the Wasp. I did not like that movie. I didn't care for it at all. And so this was by far better than that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

I was a huge fan of Black Panther though. And so in my book, Black Panther was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

distinctly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

Captain Marvel. And then Thor Ragnarok, I think, you know, in terms of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

movies that have come out as of late and again, I'm I'm taking Infinity Wars and setting on the side because that just isn't a category of its own. Thor Ragnarok, I think, is the one of the best Marvel movies that has come out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:09]

since civil war, and you know how I feel about civil war. So Yes. I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

Alright. So we've Civil War is the Captain America movie that I actually enjoy. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. You didn't like winter soldier?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:23]

Winter soldier was better on a second viewing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:26]

but I just don't like Captain America that much. Hopefully, I will change my mind on this because he seems pretty prominent, at least at the beginning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

with, this movie, when I was reading early reviews, most people drew

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

parallels to the Captain America

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

origin movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

And I, having seen it now, I think that was a really misplaced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

comparison.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

I think if you look at if you look at Captain America, right, the only thing the only thing that lines up is the fact that it's not set in present day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

Apart from that, I don't I don't think from an origin story standpoint, they're actually very similar. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

if I were to pick a movie that most lines up with Captain Marvel, it would be Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

Because Yep. You ready for this? What what what is like the the quint the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

high point of Ragnarok for the Thor character?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

It's when he discovers he doesn't need his hammer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

for his power. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

thus, he becomes, like, even more powerful, and it's kind of, like, this within me moment. And to me, that is, like, what happens

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

Carol Danvers or it's Veers. Right? That's how they Yep. Said her pre name, Veers in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

her power as she kind of unleashes it there at the end. So that to me was the parallel. And I and I get it, like, you know, there there are so many ways you can invent a character on the origin timeline, but I don't know that that in and of itself makes a bad movie, which is what I felt some of those earlier reviews were claiming. Yeah. And this one was a little different from kind of the formulaic origin story too in that we were thrown in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:13]

in media res in the middle of the situation. So she has all these past memories that she

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:19]

can't place and doesn't understand why she has them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:22]

And then it's kind of the process of figuring

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

that out throughout the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

Yeah. I I think that's a that's a good call out. So let's real quick talk about the character. I like I said, I'm not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

real deep on Captain Marvel history, because that was not a comic I spent a lot of time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

But this character in the movie is not a one to one with Captain Marvel in the comics or even Miss Marvel or Carol Danvers. It really is kind of a conglomerate of all of those characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

Like, point blank. Right? Captain Marvel was a guy in the sixties.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

you know, Carol Danvers is actually Miss Marvel. It's only been a recent, like, amalgamation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

of all these characters that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

is what we see in the movie. And so I think it's interesting that they managed somehow to incorporate a lot of key components

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

of all of that. Right? Mar Vell or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

Lawson, doctor Lawson makes an appearance in this movie. They managed to merge that. You you've got, I think, a really nice consolidation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:24]

of characters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

So I'll just I'll leave it at that. I know you're not you're not too deep on this. Right? This I had I had no idea. Like, I went in and, hey, it's another superhero. I don't have any of the history there. That's what you and Patrick are for. There we go. So what I do think is is cool about this is they draw on the power of Captain Marvel, right, and the importance of Captain Marvel in the landscape to build this character. So Right. It is it is a nod to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

Captain Marvel of old

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

with while still, like, creating a new character. Right? So I I thought that was a nice balance. I was I was pretty pleased.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

That said, it also meant that I didn't really know what was gonna happen in this movie. Right? There was no comic that I could go back and look at, and that was kinda cool too. I, I like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

So we are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:13]

now getting ahead of ourselves

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:15]

talking about the movie when one of the most memorable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

parts of the movie

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:21]

is the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:22]

Marvel Studios

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

opening logo. Yeah. So in normal movies, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

the the word Marvel Studios comes up, and it's a bunch of clips

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

that are, like, spliced into the letters. And at least in I'm thinking back to Infinity Wars, it was mostly clips from the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

There were some historical clips, but a lot of them were actually from the film itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

This one though, John

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

Even going back, like, even going back to the x men movies, the original trilogy or whatever, it's actual

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:54]

comic book pages,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

that they're flipping through in that hole. That was before it was called Marvel Studios.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

So this one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:01]

it's all of Stan Lee's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:04]

kind of appearances in the Marvel films. You have some behind the scenes pictures and footage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

So it was a really good memento there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:13]

And Stan Lee really is Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

Yeah. And what I thought was brain. What I thought was really classy too is typically Marvel Studios then transitions into the first scene. But the whole screen went black, and just small letters said four Stan. It was nice pause, and then we got into the movie. So for for those that don't know, Stan Lee passed away this last year. He did have his cameo prerecorded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

in the movie. And I'm curious, did you notice this goes back to one of the critiques of the Carol Danvers character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

She was stoic, but she was supposed to be stoic. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

Because she's a Kree warrior hero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

The first time she kinda breaks, like, when she's in warrior mode. Because when she's not in warrior mode, you know, she's joking around with Jude Law's character and whatnot. But when she's in warrior mode, the first time she breaks from that stoicism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

is when she winks, or like, not winks, smiles. Right? It's a corner smile at Stan Lee's character on the train. And I thought that was really classy. I don't know if it was originally recorded that way or not, but I thought that was a a really well done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

kinda nod to him. And, you know, let let's let's give Stan Lee some props just to in that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

this break from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

your stereotypical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

your superhero character, right, as well as Black Panther.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

These these characters that are so different and progressive and kind of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

you know, changing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

what the trope of a superhero character. Right? It really is his invention. I think, you know, credit where credit's due to kinda, like, think outside the box. I won't go too much more into that other than to say that I appreciate it, and I thought that that was a nice, again, a nice nod to him in the film.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

Yeah. It'll be interesting to see what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

kind of tribute they have in endgame for him,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:02]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

this was all

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:05]

in final edits when he passed away.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

Yep. So it was a good way to throw it in right at the beginning without kinda messing with the movie at that point. So Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

So let's, every Marvel movie of recent memory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

has required

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

another movie or two if you wanna get the full experience. Right? Now, I thinking back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

movies that didn't require you to have background would have been, like, Iron Man one, to a certain extent, actually, Iron Man two, but I definitely Iron Man one, Captain America,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:38]

Thor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

Guardians one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

Maybe those are the yeah. Like, even Doctor Strange, you have to have context. We should throw the Hulk in there, even though the Hulk is the forgotten Marvel Cinematic Universe movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

Ant Ant Man actually is another one, think you can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

into without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

like, you can get the full breadth of the movie without having the other context. But, you know, after that, right, you have to know what's going on. And what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

was fascinating to me about this movie is the ones that you needed to watch were some of the oldest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:17]

in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Now, I I get that, like, this movie takes place in the nineties. Right? So obviously, it's going to be older context wise, but that's not the thing that required the older movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

The older movies, the ones that I I was thinking of. Right? The the were Captain America,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

Avengers, and Guardians of the Galaxy. These were the three most fundamental movies to see or to be aware of, right, before you go see this movie. And and the reason is, right, the Tesseract,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

right, which we get in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

Captain America.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

We also see it in Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

Guardians of the Galaxy gives you a whole bunch of context on the Kree,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

as well as Ronan the Accuser who made an appearance in the movie. Did you He did. Did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

you piece all that together while you were watching it? We're we're all I did, but I was going in. We had talked a little bit about it without you spoiling it before I saw it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

I'm I'm not sure it would have come as quickly if you hadn't said anything. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

So Ronan the Accuser in Guardians of the Galaxy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

essentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

coming after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

the the Guardians to get the Infinity Stone. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

he,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

is it is it in Guardians? Yeah. It's in Guardians, right, where he basically tells off Thanos. He's like, I'm gonna just do it, you know, without you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

And I believe is Guardians the first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

is god. I don't think Guardians is the first time we see Thanos, is it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

That might be might be at the end of Avengers one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

But suffice to say, like, we're starting to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

What do mean?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

Connect together

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

the the story that ultimately plays out in Infinity Wars. And I do believe that Guardians is the first time that, like, we full on hear about the Infinity Stones. Right? Because Right. In

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

the first Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

and even Captain America, the Tesseract is there, but we don't actually know there's an Infinity Stone stuck in it. And I think that's interesting, because in this movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

you don't actually know that there's an Infinity Stone inside of the Tesseract.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

It's just this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

what do they call it? The travel cube or the the space cube or whatever? Because the stone that's in there is the space stone. It's the stone that allows in Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

for Loki to open up a wormhole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

and and bring the alien invaders to the planet. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

So, you know, there's there's a lot of cool background going, and then it explains, or at least to me, helps understand why this light speed engine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

that ultimately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

results in Carol Danvers' accident is even plausible. Right? Right. I think it's fascinating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

that the Kree and the Skrull, they're advanced societies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

They've got technology that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

we do not have on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

Terran Prime or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

What was the name? It was something '23

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

or Oh, c 53. C c c 53. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

It'd be interesting to know what c stands for. I'm sure there's a story there. And I bet there's a story as to why 53 was chosen too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

suffice to say, like, we don't have that technology. Right? And somehow, we're developing a light speed engine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

on Earth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

And, it turns out that it it's not really a light speed engine. It's just being able to manipulate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

space at its most low level because of the space stone. But we don't even know that Mar Vell knows that that's, like, how it's accomplished, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

she would have had to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:48]

have the Space Stone. Right? Because she creates the Tesseract.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

No. She doesn't create the Tesseract. The Tesseract exists in Captain America.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

Right? Remember, they've got All way back then. You're right. Yeah. Now what I think is interesting. Maybe she did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

Well okay. And that's fair. Like, maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

my suspicion my suspicion is that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

they don't understand what the Infinity Stone has been captured in. Because I think if they know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:16]

if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

they know what is in the Tesseract,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

Odin never goes and puts it on Earth in the first place. Right. Right? Which is what what we find out inside

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Captain America. Right? When they what is they tear up the church and they find it? It's been it's been stored there or whatever. Right. You know, lore has it that Odin placed it on Earth for safekeeping. Well, he wouldn't have done that if it was an Infinity Stone, you know? In fact, if you remember what is it? It's at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

is it the end of Ultron?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

Remember when goes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

off to find out what's, like, who's meddling with the infinity stones and all that, I I feel like that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

should look that up. That's the dark world, isn't it? Oh, is it the dark world? Okay. Because that's when the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

planets are converging or whatever, and then at the end of that, doesn't he leave Jane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

Is that right? Right. That's right. That's right. You know, you're you're spot on. You're spot on. Because the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

that's also the movie in which the Bifrost gets destroyed the first time. Right. And interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

how does the Bifrost

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:20]

recreate it? With the Tesseract. Right? You travel through space. The Tesseract allows them to create this this power. And interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

right, the Tesseract then is stored

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Asgard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

which we see then in Ragnarok,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

Where Loki walks by, you know, as he's going to get Ragnarok's Ragnarok's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

faceplate, and he's like, oh, there it is. And we're led to believe that he takes it. Now nobody actually knows that until Infinity Wars, because that's how Infinity Wars kicks off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

I think it's interesting too

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

that Odin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

recreates

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

Bifrost using the Space Stone, essentially, Tesseract,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

and Heimdall is charged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

to take care of it. Right? But then Heimdall is, like, he's out of the picture at the beginning of Ragnarok. He's in hiding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

And I get that Heimdall, maybe he knows that, you know, fake Odin is Loki. Maybe not, though. Right? It's it's it's plausible. But I wonder that if if the reason that Loki kind of ejects him from Asgard proper there, and he's in hiding,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

has something actually to do with the Tesseract and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

his familiarity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

Because Loki and the Tesseract are intimately connected

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

that you know, through the whole span of the MCU. This is actually the only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

well, I shouldn't say it. They're intimately connected. Like, Loki's got he's jonesing for the Tesseract at every turn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:46]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

Anyways, this has kinda proved my point that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

this is a geeks movie. This isn't really for the uninitiated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:54]

because then it's a good movie, but you aren't gonna get anything out of it. Exactly. And I think this is in part why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

the initial reviews were rough. Right? Right. There is a lot of MCU lore packed into this. And if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

if you are not familiar with the Marvel Cinematic Universe, I think you can walk away with kind of that trope mantra,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

you know, or stereotype, whatever you wanna call it, about the movie, because that's all it looks like. But again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

there's so much packed into this film. The nuance is so deep,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

and you you really have to be familiar with all of it in order to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

I think, get the best part of this movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:34]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

And the best Marvel movies always have the Tesseract involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

So Yeah. There you go. There you go. So I'm curious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

I we'll we'll jump to the impact of the Space Stone here on Carol Danvers in just a hot minute. But what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

there's there's all kinds of stuff in this movie that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

are are for the nerd. What what caught your attention? Like, what was the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

the the one that really kinda tickled your fancy, if you will?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

I don't know. Like, a lot of the Tesseract lore is the one that really jumps out, but what I probably enjoyed the most

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

was the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:17]

young,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:19]

Fury, Coulson relationship.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

Yep. Yeah. So apparently, Coulson is, like, what, day one on the job. Right. Right? Yep. And and we basically learn, I think, this movie, why Nick Fury

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

trusts Coulson so much. And it's because of the scene in the stairwell there where Coulson,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

rather than come after Fury, lets him go. So there's this, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

what what do they call it? They called it you you're trusting your gut,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

which is something that comes up a lot, at least in Agents of S. E. L. D.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

So, you know, like yeah. I I thought that was a great nod. Another one that tickled my fancy is actually at the end when they're typing or when he's typing out the protector initiative. Right. And then he's looking at the picture Dale Danvers. Yep. Yeah. And she's captain Carol

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

Avenger Danvers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

and that's how it becomes the Avenger Initiative, which I thought that was that was cool. I dig that. Yep. I also, quite frankly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

love all of the banter around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

Fury's eye. Right? He got he basically got scratched by a cat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

That that whole cat was so well done. That could have been one of the strongest characters in the movie. Oh, for sure. Goose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

in the comics because Right. Because the cat is a character. The cat who is a Flarkin is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

a character in the comics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

Do you know what his name in the comics is? Because it's not Goose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

Maverick?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

No. It's Chewy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

Chewy. Chewy. And I probably can't get away with that in Disney World.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

I don't know. Maybe, you know? But I, like, I I thought as far as changes go, I thought I was okay. I would have loved to have had some Chewy in there, but, know, it is what it is. There's, from what I understand from the comics, there's a interesting connection between Rocket and Flerkins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

And so I kinda see that in some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

the of poses the cat has, like, when they're in the zero gravity before they switch on the artificial gravity. You you can kinda see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

So, I am curious to see if they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

use the Flerken at all inside of Endgame. I kinda hope they do. That might be wishful thinking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

But, you know, I I enjoyed it. I thought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

if again, if you're not familiar with the Marvel Cinematic Universe, I think that that could be kinda like, what are they doing having these tentacles reach out of this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

cat's mouth and and all that. But, you know, I I digged it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

Here's the other one that I really enjoyed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

Did you catch the Quinjet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

Like, did that did that register for you the first time you saw it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:51]

I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:53]

You know what I'm talking about? In the hangar or whatever? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the the plane that they're in, right, looks like an early concept Quinjet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

Got it. It's just it's just like painted gray or whatever. And you if you look at it long enough, and you start thinking about when we first start seeing the Quinjet, and especially like in Winter Soldier, right, because you get a lot of Quinjet shots in Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

you can kinda see how they evolved it. And then the other thing that that I thought was kinda neat is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

so this Quinjet, it's an experimental plane, looks pretty powerful. But, you know, how do they go from some experimental jet in the nineties to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

planes that can fly in space, right, and take Thor not Thor, the Hulk all the way into the, you know, whatever the the planet is that he lands on Right. In Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

And I think they actually kinda explain it, because if if you caught it while they're they're parked in the Louisiana Swamp,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

the scroll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

do some modifications to it. And so you have, like, this I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

an injection of scroll technology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

into Shield.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

And presumably, at least from from where I'm coming from, that's what they use to develop the Quinjet. It also probably is the basis for technology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

that gets used

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

the the big plane in Agents of S. E. D. Remember the second one that, oh my gosh. What's his name? The scientist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:15]

Oh, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

This is embarrassing, John. You know what I'm talking about, though? I do. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:24]

so there's some interesting leaps that happen in Agents of S. E. D, including cloaking technology,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

which we find out is literally in orbit of Earth at the time, right, on Marville's lab.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

There's also, like, the ability to fly in space, which is a scroll modification to the Quinjet. All of these things get incorporated into the big bird that they use in Agents of S. L. And again, I think what it does is it makes it seem like less of a leap, and like there's a story behind those progression.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

And again, like, I dig it. Right? The movie is fine without it, and Agents of S. H. L. D. Is fine without it, but it's just like a little bit of extra nerdyism

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

that, goes a long way in my mind.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

Yeah. And it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

it's kind of a nod to how well written

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

this whole universe has been from the very beginning. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

There's an unrivaled continuity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

these stories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

that I it's just it's mind boggling when you stop and think about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

800 pound gorilla.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

You know what it is?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

Where does Carol Danvers get her power?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:31]

From the engine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

of From the engine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

which is powered by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

The Tesseract.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

So and the Tesseract is the vehicle for the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

Space Stone. Right. Which is an

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

Infinity Stone. Infinity Stone. Right. Okay. Alright. Alright. Currently

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:55]

The gauntlet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

It is the gauntlet still around, or was the gauntlet destroyed?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

Oh, at the end of Infinity War? Yeah. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

don't know that we know the answer to that question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

A good one, though. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

so here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

the I this to me is is amazing. Right? Carol Danvers' power draws from the space stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

If if you remember back from Ant Man and the Wasp when we discussed that, I postulated that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

the stuff that goes on in Infinity Wars will be undone in the quantum realm, and that Captain Marvel will probably play into it. So so here's here's my theory now. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

I wonder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

if the soul stone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

is capable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

of reversing itself, or basically releasing the souls that it has captured. Right? All the way from Gamora forward.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

So in order to get the soul stone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

you have to travel through space.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

And you also have to have power, I would think, of a infinity stone to to tackle this. So my my theory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

my kinda working theory, and this is not well thought out because I just saw the movie yesterday, is that somehow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

Carol Danvers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

enables them to find Thanos

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

and to finally end it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

And that it is it is a combination of her power and the quantum realm that is able to reverse all of these things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

unleash the souls from the soul stone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

and and kinda undo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

what do they call it? What's the name of the where everybody flakes apart? What's the name for it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

I don't know. It'll it'll come to me later. Wiped them out of existence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:31]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

I I think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

Carol Danvers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

origin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:37]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

the Space Stone is going to be central to Endgame. That's my theory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

I think that we're not gonna be able to escape it, and that it's going to be critical to how they essentially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

overcome Thanos in the end. I think Doctor Strange has to play into here somewhere, because he saw it all happen. Their only chance. He did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

I so here's here's a here's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:01]

hunch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

Did he see Carol Danvers?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

He had to have. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

So is he the only Avenger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

in the entire universe besides Nick Fury that, at that moment, knows that Captain Marvel exists?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:16]

Well, and Coulson, but Coulson's dad. Coulson, sort of. Right? Yeah. Sort of. Right? How many times has Coulson died?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

A lot. Well and, you know, so sidebar. Right? Like, this movie is all about the Kree,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

and Aegis of Shield is built on the back of, you know, the Kree. Right? It's it's so fundamental to what's going on. And that last season of Agents of Shield, I think, is hugely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

Like, you get this connection to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

the Nova Corps stuff and Guardians. Right. One, you've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

set up for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

you know, the rest of the universe in Infinity War. And then finally, right, here we are with Captain Marvel, and we know so much about the Kree, largely because of that show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

That was good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

What was your favorite part, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:06]

My favorite part? Of the movie itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

I, genuinely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

enjoy the scenes with Jude Law. And I know that's, like, a broad sweeping statement, but the dynamic is because I don't think I would agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

Really? Okay. And I did not like his character at all. I I have found that Jude Law is a very polarizing actor, apparently. I did not realize this until yesterday when I got to talk with people at work. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

no, in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

there is the the dynamic when she begins to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

understand what his actual role

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

in her development is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

that I really enjoyed. So I think that he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

has this way of coming across as, like, an okay guy. Like, he's on Danvers side, and when in reality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

you know, he's like the origin of evil in this movie. Right. So I enjoyed that aspect and element a lot. I because I can never do just one, John. I'm gonna tell you that I also really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

really enjoyed Cranick and his character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

and ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

how we're misled in the movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

to think that the Skrull are really the bad guys,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

when in actuality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

they're this, like, oppressed and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

just beaten up race of people that are slowly being executed by the Kree. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

How about you? Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

Man, favorite part? I asked the question, and I can't even answer it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

You put me on the spot, and then I reciprocated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:54]

It's gotta be the the Fury Colson stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:57]

Yeah. Just their introduction.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:00]

Anna went with me, and she commented

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

that how did they make them look so young?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

Well It just blew her mind. Disney Disney is mastering that technology. Right? Like, we saw a lot of that in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

Rogue One. I feel like that's the first time I saw it done well. Right. And and they definitely pulled it off, I thought, pretty good in this movie. Mhmm. Coulson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

definitely had a little less polish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

to him than,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

you you know, Samuel L. Jackson. But, like, what what are you gonna expect? That's who they're gonna spend the most time kinda polishing up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

two more things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

to wrap this up. Right? Oh, actually, I didn't even mention Pegasus. Out of curiosity,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

was this the first time you'd heard about Project Pegasus?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:45]

That I can remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:46]

Okay. Alright. You ready for this?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

Iron Man two. Tony Stark, you remember when he pops up in a crate, he's going through his dad's, like, old plans and old stuff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

Do you remember that? Right. K. It says Project Pegasus on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

Alright? Do you remember the post We just watched that, didn't we? We watched Iron Man three together. Iron Man Got it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

at the end of Thor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

there is a scene as they're, like, walking down a stairwell. It's a post credits scene. And if you look on the wall, it actually says Project Pegasus, like, they're at the facility.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

Yeah. And then if I recall right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

I think I wrote this down, there is a Captain America reference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

Yeah. I don't remember what the cat or no. I'm sorry. Not Captain America. The Avengers. There's a reference in Avengers, but I didn't write down what it was. So this isn't the first time that we see Pegasus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

but this is definitely the most Pegasus we get. Interestingly, John, you know that I am notorious for naming the computers on my network by certain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

Right. Nerdy references.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

Right? So Yep. I will tell you that the Mac that I bought when we started this whole podcast many moons ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

with 35 episodes ago, was named at that time Pegasus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

So there you go. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

How's that for, super nerdy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:05]

Okay. Alright. Pegasus aside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:08]

post credits scene, walk me through it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

So is the first the end of the movie. Right? I did, but it was late.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

we got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:24]

the first post credit scene, was that the Avengers one that tie in to Infinity? Okay. So so we've got the surviving Avengers, we'll call it after Infinity War,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:34]

hanging out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:35]

at HQ,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:37]

and they had found the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:40]

pager

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:41]

that you see Nick Fury

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

sending message right before he bursts into dust at the end of infinity war. Was that a postcard scene?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:51]

That was a postcard scene. Yes. It was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

And then Captain Marvel's logo pops up on it. So they find that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

and they are continuing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:00]

to try to contact her.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:02]

The battery had died or something, so they have it plugged in and set up trying to figure out what the heck it is and why Fury thought it was important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

Yeah. It's interesting. Right? Like, they have no idea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

why he used this in his last moments, but just because he did,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

they think it's important to keep it going. And you see Black Widow, like, gonna do whatever we can to keep this thing alive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

It Which is kinda weird

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:27]

Captain America and Fury aren't on great terms, are they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

Yeah. That's true. They're not. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

I I don't know that, like, Black Widow has this trust in Fury that we see Right. Throughout the franchise. I don't think that Hulk In Avengers a lot. Yeah. I don't think that Hulk is particularly fond

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

of Fury either. But I do think that they understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

and you get you get all of that. Right? Like, that's what Winter Soldier's about. It's basically, like, distrusting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

shield and distrusting fury and, like, all of that undoing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

But I think they know that, like, he he doesn't do anything haphazardly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

The man has a plan a thousand steps ahead of wherever you think you are, you know? The Avenger Initiative created in the nineties somehow comes into play at, you know, in the first Avengers movie. So Right. Like, it's he's in it for the long game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

What fascinates me about this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

and and I've seen some people on the Internet talk about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

Why hasn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

Fury ever called upon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

captain Marvel thus far?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:33]

Right. So captain Marvel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:35]

makes a joke when she's given the pager back after she's amped it up to go, like, three galaxies away.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

She says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:44]

only use this in an emergency or something like that. Right. Right. And he he said other people to rely on so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

Well, he has.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

And I think I think too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

when we know Nick Fury does not, but we know that when the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

the Thanos snaps his fingers, right, that some of the Avengers disappear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

Strange is gone. We lose some of the Guardians. We also lose Spider Man. Black Panther's gone. So there's a whole bunch of people that just straight up disappear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

Fury doesn't know who survives and who doesn't. Right? Fact,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

you see this, the surviving Avengers aren't even entirely sure that that whoever is on the other side of this communicator

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

made it. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

I think that is the thing that that triggers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:31]

Fury. Right? He doesn't know who survived. He doesn't know who he can count on. And so this is the last ditch, you know, gotta do it kinda moment. And to me, that's a that's a reasonable explanation. I think that some of the folks that have gotten worked out, like or worked up about, like, hey, aliens invaded the planet. Was that not an emergency?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

Are are probably missing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

the significance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:51]

and the difference between Avengers one and Infinity War. Right? And the just catastrophic loss of life,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

between the two. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:01]

Yep. I'm with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

Alright, John. But that was not the last scene, was it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:06]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:07]

Post credits,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

they come,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:13]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:14]

it had stopped. The the patriot turned off,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:17]

and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:19]

Captain Marvel shows up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:21]

It's almost like they're panicky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

Right. And and she looks I mean, she looks, like, upset. Like, where is Furi? You know, she has no idea. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:30]

think that's interesting that she doesn't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:32]

because we're led to believe that some time has happened or passed between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

when Thanos snaps his fingers in this moment. Right? Like, they get back to HQ. They've left Wakanda.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:42]

There's time has passed. Yeah, man. I'm hanging out in the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:46]

camera. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

Yeah. So, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

did nobody where she was at disappear? Like, what was she up to? I think that begs a lot of questions that I hope they dive into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

because she seems clueless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

Maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

maybe she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

realizes what went down, but doesn't think Fury got, like, vanished. I don't know. So Right. I'm looking forward to seeing the conversation that happens after that. I thought that was a really awesome tee up, though. Obviously, that's a scene that will be an endgame. That's that's what that is. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:18]

Alright. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

Then the long crawl of credits,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

and maybe the most important scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:25]

of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

Did you stay? Did you stay till the very, very end? I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:32]

And you don't remember what happened? I will when you say it. The Flerken. The Flerken. Oh, the Flerken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:39]

Yeah. We Pops up the air ball. Right. He's he's sitting on Fury's desk, and he's doing that absolutely repulsive thing that cats do, which is cough up a hairball, and it turns out to be the Tesseract.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

And so now we're set up, really, I think, for everything that happens,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

in the MCU post,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

like, timeline wise, post Captain America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:01]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:03]

Good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

movie, Stan. Are are you gonna go see it a second time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:11]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

I, I think it's inevitable that I go. And I'll so here's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:17]

my dad's moment. This will not be out released before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:21]

endgame comes out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

I don't think so. That would be really quick. Really quick turnaround. Yeah. So so I might go see it again. I will definitely buy it. I can tell you that much. Yeah. There's there's no doubt about that. Here's here's the other thing. If you remember a while back, this part of my excitement with Ant Man and the Wasp was getting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

a strong female superhero,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

because again, I've got daughters. Right? And I Right. I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:46]

I I want them to be interested in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:49]

you know, the Wasp or even Black Widow or, you know, Captain Marvel rather than Barbie. Just that's I I like I like that. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

I I don't know. I like that. I don't know how to explain it other than a dad with with daughters. Right? Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

I am excited to share this movie with them, because I think this is the kind of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

female persona that I want them to look at and, like, hey, I want a Captain Marvel doll, and, like, get into Captain Marvel. So I'm excited about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:19]

In general, I felt like this movie was actually pretty clean. There were Mhmm. A couple of cuss words. Right? Right. A couple words that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

I I I don't want my kids repeating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

But in proportion to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:33]

say, Ragnarok,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

way less. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

There were a couple of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

jerks, guys, right, that make some off color comments

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

that Right. I am not crazy about them hearing. But I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:50]

the fact that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

Captain Marvel doesn't do anything but work harder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

in response to those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

makes them potentially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:59]

a a teaching moment for for my daughters. So Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:03]

Another in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:04]

another interesting thing kinda on that realm is there's no love story in this movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:11]

Like, there's Ah. The relationship between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:14]

Jude Law and her, but I wouldn't think that is romantic in nature at all. It doesn't seem romantic. To me, it seems more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:21]

paternal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:22]

or, like, brotherly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:24]

I think that's a I hadn't thought about that. That's a good call out, John. You look at you look at most of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:30]

all of them. Even with the guys, there's some love interest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:34]

in Iron Man and Thor and Captain America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:38]

So it was it was kind of a brush of fresh breath of fresh air to not have that be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:44]

a major part of the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

I think that's a really that's a really interesting point. Yeah. So let let's just talk through this. Right? Captain America, you've got Agent Carter. Right? There's a love story there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:55]

Winds up being the love of his life that he never actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

gets together with. Right. You've got Hulk and the scientist. I can't even remember what her name is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:05]

Yeah. And then that kinda plays out. Yeah. Black Widow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:09]

Iron Man and Iron

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:11]

Man and Pepper, but that's not I mean, that's not till

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

Iron Man two. Right? That he really, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

shows his cards, because before that, he's Yeah. He's a playboy, and and, like, that's just not I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

I haven't let my kids see Iron Man one largely because I think Iron Man's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:28]

attitude towards women is undesirable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:31]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

and then you got Thor, obviously, with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

Queen Amidala.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:40]

What's her name? You you said it earlier. I can't remember. Natalie Portman. What is her name now? Now you've thrown me off. Jane Jane Foster. Jane. Yeah. There you go. Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:50]

then, you know, you've got, like, other other characters also to fall in love. You got Vision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:56]

Vision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:57]

Star Lord and Gamora.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:59]

Even Thanos and Gamora.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:01]

There you go. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:03]

doctor Strange has a love interest. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:06]

Let's see. Ant Man has a love interest. Ant Man kinda has two love interests, in fact. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:12]

So, no, that's that's a great call. Black Panther?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:14]

Yeah. Yeah. Remember the Yeah. The one lady when they they fight in the jungle, it turns out that he,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:22]

you know, was interested in or whatever. He wants her to leave the work that she's doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:28]

Yeah. To to join him. So yeah. No. That's that's awesome, John. I hadn't thought about that. That's another, I think, plus in this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

in this movie's column.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:37]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:38]

yeah. I mean, I listen, man. I'm I'm excited about taking my kids to see it. I'm definitely gonna see it again before it's out. And if you've somehow made it this far in the podcast and you hadn't seen the movie, why why you didn't turn up the spoiler alert? I don't know. But I still encourage you to go see My mom will listen, and she'll have no desire to see this movie. That's fine. That's fine. I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:00]

I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:02]

If if you are not deep in the MCU universe, there's a lot you will miss out on this movie, but it's not a bad movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:10]

In some respects, it's like a Guardians.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:13]

If if you remember, Guardians was a really great intro movie to the MCU.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:18]

You because again, you didn't have to have all this context to it. Right. But there there were some nods to the rest of the MCU. This one goes way further with the nods, but I think it still stands on its own.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:29]

It lacks the humor that Guardians brought to the table too. I mean, there's funny parts, but Guardians was much more accessible just by how funny it was. Absolutely. Absolutely. No. That's a good point. That's a good point. Alright, John. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

Thank you for the last minute recording of this bonus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:46]

episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:47]

Now I have to edit it and get it out today. So Yeah. Don't forget the spoiler alert. Spoiler alert and Captain Marvel theme song. Yeah. Yeah. You got this, John. You got this. I've done this before. I'm a professional.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:59]

Well, until, until what? Tuesday when we record the normal Until Tuesday. Episodes. And they'll hear it on Thursday if they listen the day they're released. Oh. So Alright. Alright. Talk See you later, John.

