---
title: 'Patrick Sturdivant: The First Listener (and our review of Endgame)'
episode: 43
date: '2019-05-02T12:36:18.000Z'
slug: patrick-sturdivant-the-first-listener-and-our-review-of-endgame/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The movie discussion focuses on Avengers: Endgame, covering various aspects
  such as the plot, character development, and notable deaths. The conversation
  delves into the snappening, Thanos' glove, the sacrifice of Natasha Romanoff
  for the Soul Stone, and the unexpected demise of Tony Stark/Iron Man. The
  discussion also touches on the audience's reactions to these events.
keywords:
  - Snappening
  - Thanos' glove
  - Natasha Romanoff
  - Soul Stone
  - Tony Stark
  - Iron Man
  - 'Avengers: Endgame'
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Okay. So tonight, we're gonna prove that we are not professional podcasters because we are recording in person,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

all three of us, which I'll get to in just a minute, and we have no idea how the quality of this will come out. However, we do believe that John is probably recording on the correct microphone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

So that in and of itself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

will make this not the worst recording we've ever done. I am definitely on the correct microphone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

which I will be sharing with mystery person number three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

Mystery person number three. Yeah. So for the second time in the history of Life with a Twisted Lemon, we have a guest,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:00:58]

Mr. Patrick Sturtevant. Patty, would you introduce yourself? My name is Patrick Sturtevant. Thank you for giving me the honor of being your second guest. I'm very happy to be here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

So the circumstances of this particular episode are, that Patty flew in last night. Last night being,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

what Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

Gosh. So it's actually more than twenty four hours ago, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

Wednesday the twenty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

fourth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

Right? In order to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

watch with us

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Avengers Endgame. Now we joked about this months ago, and then it got serious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

So we're all here

**SPEAKER_2** [00:01:38]

for Endgame. You have to take Avengers Endgame serious. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

can't joke about it. I well, I wouldn't I wouldn't dare joke about it. So we should probably just point out that we were expecting a fourth compadre.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

The good right reverend George Borgart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

whose

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

flight

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

to Houston

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

got delayed and was unable to make it. So it's just the three of us tonight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

Unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:03]

we miss you pastor Borgart.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

We're glad you got to see Avengers even if it wasn't here,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:08]

with all of our festivities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

You may owe me $37.90,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

not that I was counting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

Yeah. We'll just leave it at that. We did miss you though. You you know, it's funny. We assume that he listens.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

I think he does listen occasionally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

Patrick Sturtevant is here. Patrick, tell us where you're from and how you got roped into this.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:31]

I'm from Houston, Texas. I've known you guys for ten plus years.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:37]

I would like to consider myself also one of your first listeners.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:02:41]

Thank you for the sticker, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

We'll we'll definitely give you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

the the title of one of our first listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

So there's only five to choose from so. Well, no there's more than that because there are more written reviews now. We know we know that people actually exist. There's at least 12 of them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

we started the evening out at St. Elmo's steak house in which we each got ourselves a nice expensive steak

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

to kind of warm up the night that was our dinner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Let's maybe just start with a quick review of St. Elmo's.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:16]

Delicious.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:18]

Best fillet I've ever had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

Now, Patrick, you got the 12 ounce fillet and John, you got the New York strip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:27]

I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

What what do you want me to say about it? I mean, just, like, let's let's talk about the meat. You did you what'd you order? You ordered it But before we get that far,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

we started off Patrick and I ordered cocktails,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

and we got an appetizer there, what that they're known for, the shrimp cocktail with this super spicy

**SPEAKER_2** [00:03:48]

shrimp cocktail sauce. It cleared out my sinuses very quickly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

Well, the funny thing was the waiter sets this down. He says, breathe through your mouth. And the first thing that Patty does is inhales through his nose. It was force of habit. It just it happened.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:02]

It was quick too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

So it was delicious. I enjoyed that thoroughly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

I got a flake, I got an eight ounce. I was not going all out tonight because I didn't wanna be uncomfortable or stir the digestive tract. I did not have a cocktail because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

my reputation is one and done, meaning I fall asleep after the first cocktail. I didn't wanna risk it. So was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

was cocktail free tonight. But you guys each got something interesting.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:30]

I got a infused Coca Cola, had some nice

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:35]

bourbon in it, I believe.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:37]

Some maraschino cherries.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:04:39]

I thoroughly enjoyed it. A little Coke over pour.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:43]

And I had the journeyman Manhattan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

which is a typical Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

They use their journeyman rye.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

I don't know what sweet vermouth they'd used, but it was delicious,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:56]

and it was garnished with a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:59]

blueberry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

Yeah. Blueberry, which was different. I have never seen a Manhattan garnished with a blueberry. I was not willing to judge it. I did try I should say, did try just a a sip of your Manhattan, and it was good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

Did you happen to catch what rye they used?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

I think it was called a journeyman rye.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

I think it's something that they source.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

Interesting. Yeah. So it was I would say it was a little,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

stronger spicier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

than the ryes that I tend to gravitate to, but it was still, I thought pretty good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:31]

Right. So that covers cocktails and appetizers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:35]

Then we move on to,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:38]

each steak came with a soup or a tomato juice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

And I did the navy bean soup. I believe you did too, John. But, Patty, you did the tomato juice, and I'm really curious to hear how that turned out because It this is was nice. The acidity, you were right. It cut some of the fattiness of of the shrimp cocktail, and it was good going into the steak.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

It it's not something that I would have gravitated to myself, but I am tempted to try next time. Now it was interesting too. They offered to do ground black pepper for you, but you passed on that. I did. I I didn't know if I should put black pepper in my tomato juice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:14]

That's definitely a thing. Right? Tomato juice and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:18]

Bloody Marys will often get topped with black pepper. I think it's just an acquired taste like if you get into that kind of savory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

drink, you know, you you start exploring different spices. Not really my thing, but I I will tell you the next time I'm there, I will try the the tomato juice for sure. Pepper?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

I imagine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

that on the first pass, I would not do pepper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

And then so what I would probably do because there there were actually pepper grinders at the table.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

I would probably drink a bit of it and then apply some black pepper near the end just to get the full experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:54]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

Steaks. Or do we wanna talk about the navy bean soup? Oh, it's a good bean soup. It is. I mean, there's there's only so many ways you can do navy bean soup. So, yeah, steaks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

So mine was medium rare plus, which apparently is between medium rare and medium. Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

I thought tonight's was a little more done than the last time I had it. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

it was still perfectly pink inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

had a nice, crunch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

on the exterior from the grill. I mean, I it was it was a good steak.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

Yeah. I ordered mine the same. My steak was definitely thinner being a New York strip steak rather than a fillet,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

but it was cooked perfectly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

They had them all come out at the same time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

and that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:39]

being able to order in between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

doneness levels is pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

I think that steps it up a notch. Right? Like, you know, there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

everything's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

everything's a spectrum, so this just gives you a little more, area to to kinda play with. So I was all on board.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:07:56]

You could cut the meat with your fork,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:08:00]

and it slid through like butter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

It was extremely tender. And I think some of that is probably attributable to where they source the meat, and it's also just to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

how they cook it. But yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

I don't think you could you could get done with a spoon. Like I don't think you needed a fork by any stretch. But, we we wrapped up with a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

dessert that we split. It was a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

bread pudding. It was Blueberry. Blueberry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

bread pudding with white chocolate ganache, I think it was, and then vanilla ice cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

And, the let's just say that the I was a little worried, us three grown men splitting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

bread pudding, but this thing was huge. Like, it was a straight up brick. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

and I think it it, you know, it's pretty good. I enjoyed it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

nice way to kinda wrap that whole meal up, And and I kept looking at my watch, we got plenty of time. We got plenty of time. And then they took a little while to get the car. Right? Because we did the valet parking thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

And that drive made me a little nervous. Yeah. It was a very eventful drive.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:09:05]

Is one way to describe it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

At one point, there was an incident where I rolled down my window to yell at somebody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

I don't know that we need to go into any more detail than that. Do we, John? Just the native Chicago and Stan came out a little bit right there. But that guy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

backed up and got out of my way. And deserved it. He deserved it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

I think the, the winning statement of the night or or that maybe most describes the mentality at that particular moment was I was more willing to scratch my Honda Accord than he was his BMW.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:37]

Which is fair. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

got there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

We actually had enough time to use the bathroom not once, but three times. I should know that by this point, I was thoroughly dehydrated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

I, stopped consuming fluids with any kind of consistency at 1PM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

I had a single small glass of water

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

the the, restaurant

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

because I did not want to risk having to go to the bathroom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

in the theater.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

Now, you see

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:09]

the opening frame the first time around?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

I did. So here here's here's what happened. I,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

I ran down to go use the restroom and I made it to the door and I was like, no, I don't have to go that much. And then I walked back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

to see the opening frame

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

and had it be lined up the stairs. So I I made three attempts, but only two actually were successful.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:10:31]

We just saw the theater go dark, and you just took off down the stairs. Like, what is he doing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

Well, I I thought that there was it was that IMAX Coca Cola thing or whatever it was and I really I thought, oh, I got another minute because I was looking at my watch and like, there's twenty minutes of previews always and it was 06:19,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

you know, but then I got to the door and sure enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:51]

you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

we made it. We made it on time. We had seats. We actually should have had an extra seat the first time around. Mhmm. But I didn't fight the guy who sat in pastor Boricardt's seat. I I wanted you to just for the record. We don't know where he came from, but I wanted you to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

I guess we should just jump into the movie. And this is probably the appropriate time to say, hey, spoiler alerts. We're gonna put all the cards on the table. We're not gonna hold back. This is gonna be raw and real. If you haven't seen the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

just please pause the podcast. Come back to it after you're done. We saw it twice tonight. We saw the first time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

at a Regal RPX,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

and we saw the second time at the Indiana State Museum's IMAX Theater.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

And I'll just note, it is currently

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

01:58

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:45]

eastern time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:47]

after we have seen this movie twice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

So we're all sitting around the table in the Lemon household right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

I would note that we do not have Taco Bell. That was part of the original plan, but everybody kinda changed their minds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:00]

We also don't have that, four roses bottle that you were talking about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

Well, once I get a little more fluids into my body, I will open up the four roses small batch bottle that I have. But first, we're gonna talk about the movie. So real quick, let's just go around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

good, bad, was it better than or worse than Infinity Wars? Like, give me just a quick high level overview.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

Yeah. So this is interesting because the first time around,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

really the first hour or so, I wasn't overly thrilled with. Like, I tried to catch your eye right at the beginning. I'm like, what the heck is going on? This is stupid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:39]

But that all changed the second time around.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:41]

And it all seemed to flow much better because I knew what was coming next,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:46]

and some of the things played off better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

I don't know if I can make a call on better than Infinity War or not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

even though we just watched infinity war last night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

Patty, what do you think? I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:03]

was pretty emotional

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:05]

throughout the whole movie. So I think the first time

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:08]

the first watch, I was a little

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:10]

a little hesitant to be critical of it.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:13:14]

But after seeing it the second time, I I was probably a little critical watching it. Does that make sense?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

It does. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

I am known for being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

really critical initially of the original Avengers movie. I saw it in theaters and I did not like it. And and that shocked a lot of people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

As I have watched it more with time, it has grown on me. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

that definitely happened with the second round tonight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

I did like it the first pass. I just wasn't as ecstatic about it. Now, I contrast that with Infinity Wars where I walked out the first time seeing it thinking that this was hands down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

without reservation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

the best Marvel Cinematic Universe movie that had ever been made. And and that was that was a pretty tall order because I loved Civil War. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

I didn't walk out of the first showing of this one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

that way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

when you look at the movie, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

you have the first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

kind of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

arc in the twenty one days following the snappening. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

And I thought that was interesting. I think it was bad, but everything moved very fast. Right? And then you had kinda that second

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

phase when Scott Lane comes back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

all the way up until until they have all the stones. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

And that one, I didn't care for the first pass. Well, I should I shouldn't say that. I didn't care for Captain America, Iron Man, and Thor's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

collection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

The the other characters I did like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

The final

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

scene or finals, like, arc if you were that well, that stretch was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

absolutely some of the best Marvel Cinematic Universe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

like filming hands down. Like that that section in and of itself makes this movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

beyond fantastic in my mind.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:08]

Well, I mean, you have 21

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:11]

movies up until that point coming together and having that last hour be

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:16]

an

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:17]

epic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:19]

I mean, it it is. It is an epic. It's not epic. It is an epic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:15:23]

It's pretty incredible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

Yeah. So we'll we'll dig into this and here I think a little bit more in just a bit. Let's talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

expectations going in because the first that first arc, right, where they ultimately kill Thanos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

I didn't see that coming at all. I there was no way in high heaven. Yeah. The first 15 of the movie, if that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

Yeah. And and, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

the emotions were really raw of all these characters. They weren't really working together. It was just rage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

And and Thanos was already compromised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

So they were able to just, like, end it, but it didn't do any good. Like, there was there was no value for them. No improvement in the world situation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

by whacking off his head?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

Yeah, I think that that first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

arc was expertly done. It picked up right where I thought it was gonna pick up. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

all of the characters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:23]

are broken

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:24]

like the rest of the universe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

and then even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

Thanos is broken when they first show him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

One one thing we should point out, and we we all talked about this in the car.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

We're kinda surprised that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

Captain Marvel's paging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

was not part of this film.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

So her introduction, like, I always assumed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

that that post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

credit scene in I guess it was Captain Marvel. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

Where they keep the pager alive because Nick Fury or whatever and she shows up. I always assumed that there was a conversation that happens after that in which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

they, like, figure out who she is. Right? But we didn't see any of that. In fact, the the first Captain Marvel introduction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

is the trailer scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

where,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:12]

you know, the storm breaker blows by her head, and Thor says, I like this one. So that that surprised me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

Yeah. That was kinda weird because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

she flies in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

picks up Tony and Nebula,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:26]

and pretty much carries the ship back to Avengers Compound.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

And then she's just standing there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:35]

and nobody's like, who the heck are you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

So here's here's my assumption. Right? This is a long movie. Right? Three hours, two minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

My assumption is that Pepper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

is somehow around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

when Captain Marvel answers the page. Okay?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

And I think that that page is probably answered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

I don't know. I'm guessing pretty close to that twenty one day mark. Right? And and I think that Pepper explains

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:02]

to them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

that Tony and I don't know if she knows about Spider Man at that point or Doctor Strange, but she knows that Tony was on that ship. Right? And I think that she probably makes a plea to Captain Marvel to go find them. I think that Captain Marvel was deliberately looking for Tony,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

and I think that all of that probably just got cut because the movie was so long. She had already been to Earth prior to finding Tony, and she wasn't just on her way to Earth. Yeah. I think so. I I I think that that that whole pager scene happens

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

before she goes to find Tony.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

We we talked interestingly that all of that imagery that appeared in the trailers, most of it came from probably the first half hour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

It was this first arc and then the first like ten minutes of the five year jump, which is the second kind of like the beginning of the second arc. Right? So so five years have passed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

Everything is kinda as you would expect. The the world is chaotic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

and we've got Avengers trying to be Avengers. It looks like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

Nat, Black Widow, right, is trying to stay busy. And then Scott Lang pops up in the back of his van because of a rat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

tripping the, the Quantum Realm portal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

which was interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

You know, took five years for the rat to get into the van.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:23]

maybe not the best execution ever to get them back, but it worked. Did what It's an interesting plot device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

Well and and one thing that did kinda bother me, we talked a little bit about this in the car as well on the drive back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

How how did the van get into storage when everything else that we see, right, is like piled up on the side of the road. They even make a point of in New York showing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

the Mets Stadium and the parking lot with cars like pile on top of each other. So I found that a little peculiar as well. But, you know, again, like details

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

that that definitely didn't like hurt the movie for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

I enjoyed Scott Lang's character. I enjoyed his introduction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

His

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

as as we predicted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

you know, way back when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

this movie was going to do the quantum realm and the quantum realm was going to be the thing that allowed them to fix everything. So, you know, pat on the back to all of us that were pro quantum realm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

The I think this was a it was a little different than I anticipated. So we talked about time travel. We thought time travel would would play in. We thought the quantum realm would play in. We weren't entirely sure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

what,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:20:33]

you know, how that would all dabble. I didn't think it would be this involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Definitely. Right? So so they the the probably what would you say? That was an hour and fifteen minutes, an hour and twenty minutes that they spend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

navigating the quantum realm to go get the stones? At least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

And the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

they kinda do a little review of each of the movies that the stones have appeared in, which I thought this is clever because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

there there was a one trailer that had the scenes from prior movies, and that seemed random.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

But now it doesn't. Right? Like that was a a key critical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

elements to the movie. They kinda brought you back to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

each of the well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

I shouldn't say that. We didn't really deal with the Tesseract from Captain America, but we did deal with the Tesseract from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Avengers. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

But there were other parts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

that brought in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

Captain America throughout the whole movie. Yeah. No. No. No. No doubt. It was just interesting because the the tesseract, we actually see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

the way that they brought us back to it. But so they go and they fish out all of these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

stones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

Did your heart stop when they had the Tesseract and then lost it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

I figured something like that was gonna happen. Only because of the Loki of the Loki scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

That's what, that's what got me. That's what I found interesting was the Loki scene. And and so the suspicion right now is bay basically, just to to recap the part we're talking about, Tony has the Tesseract. He's fished it out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

or no. Yeah. He's got it from,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

he snagged it as they're leaving the Avengers Tower, the Stark Tower. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

he loses it because Hulk is forced to take the stairs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

and and bumps into him. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

we talked about how this is probably a setup for the TV show. Right? Because Loki disappears with the tesseract because the tesseract allows you to travel through space, open portals,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

and there's no follow-up to that. Instead, what the Avengers do is they jump back again

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

to to basically fish out the tesseract from another time. So that's that's left open. That's like a JJ Abrams unanswered style

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

moment in the movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

but I think it's okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

Well, it all ends up okay

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

for this movie. For for this movie. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

the Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

retrieval

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

actual, like, tesseract retrieval scenes were kinda meh to me. I I feel like in in terms of all the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

stones that they retrieve, those are the weakest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

You know, we should we should probably also note, which did you make of the Thor fat suit?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:26]

It would

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:28]

the Thor PTSD

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:29]

was probably the weakest point of the movie for me until the last sequence.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:36]

Until until the final fight, it's the weakest part of the movie. So okay. Elaborate. Why why is that weak until the final Only because it felt forced.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:47]

The the beard and the hair

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:50]

the matty hair that works, but the fat suit just felt,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:54]

I mean, almost unnecessary

**SPEAKER_2** [00:23:56]

to to prove the point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

Yeah. I agree. I think the fat suit was a little over the top. Forced is a good way to describe it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

It was also kinda weird to see him still in the fat suit in the final fight scene, you know?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:10]

And I mean,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:11]

I I think they would have been able to kinda communicate what they were getting towards. Like,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:17]

the Thor prior to the five year jump,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:20]

the pained anguish Thor, I think, was better than,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:24]

I guess, the as they I mean, they even described him as the big Lebowski Thor.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:24:29]

You know what I mean? Walking around in the in the sunglasses and the sweater with the the fingerless gloves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

Yeah. It I mean, it it was amusing, but I it did it's just I don't know. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

somebody thought it was funnier than it actually turned out on screen, I think is is how I would summarize it. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:49]

Hemsworth performance

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

didn't really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

work for that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:55]

I mean, it's I don't know if it was the performance or if it was just being

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

not what I would picture

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

a PTSD Thor to be.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:06]

I have a feeling that they brought the Ragnarok director,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:11]

Taka or Takai Wadi in and had him kinda write the dialogue

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:16]

in the character because that's very Ragnarok.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:19]

And it's just dropped, I think, in the middle of

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:24]

of endgame, and it feels

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:26]

a little out of place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

So so do keep in mind that in Ragnarok,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

Hemsworth was allowed to ad lib more than he has in the past. So it's possible, yes, that maybe the director was, you know, around or they just did the same thing. Yeah. It's the same thing where James Gunn writes all the Guardians of the Galaxy dialogue.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:25:43]

No matter what movie they're in, he writes all of the dialogue and consults in their scenes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

So, you know, fundamentally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

I think, you know, Chris Hemsworth being Chris Hemsworth and also knowing that what was it like a month ago, the dude released a workout app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

on iOS. Like, it was a big release. I like I I don't know. The fat suit was just was just a little much. I was like, man, that's a really convincing fat suit. Did he just gain all of that weight for the movie?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:26:10]

Because that's more impressive than getting in shape.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

Yeah. Well and I think I mean, obviously, he obviously, it was it was a fat suit, but but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

I I had the same moment, right, where I was so distracted by how real it was that I wasn't paying attention to what they were actually doing, So, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

you know, Chubby Thor or Tubby or Tubbers or whatever, they they because Rocket at some point has a number of nicknames for him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

That scene where he sees his mother,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

how did you feel The about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:46]

the whole Asgard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

scene and getting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

make sure I don't mute myself. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:54]

the whole Asgard scene and, getting the ether,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

it was lame. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

running into the mom,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

okay, sure. How does that play into anything else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:08]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:09]

like, getting the ether from Jane is

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:13]

hardly any anything. It's on screen for what? Five seconds? Yeah. And I don't do we actually even see her get stuck? I don't think she actually got stuck. No. It's just alluded to because rat Rocket's sneaking up behind her. I think the scene itself is clunky

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:28]

or the entire setup is clunky. I do understand the point because the only death

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:34]

in Thor's life that truly truly bothered him,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:38]

it wasn't Odin's, it wasn't Loki's,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:40]

It was his mom's. And that's the one that's haunted him all since the dark world. So I can understand how that closure

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:48]

can push him forward into the final arc.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:27:51]

That makes sense. I I can appreciate it for that. Yeah. No. No. I think that's a really good point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

It was interesting to see Padme back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

this one, Jane Jane Foster. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

if if I recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:08]

she, like, she didn't wanna do or sign up or was too expensive at one point to continue beyond dark world in any of the movies. Right? Money talks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

So she makes an appearance, but she's got no dialogue. Right?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:23]

No. But well, no. She does have dialogue. She has dialogue where she's talking to the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:28]

the

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:29]

Maid who brings The maid. Yeah. And she's asking for pants and then, no. No. This will work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

Was that dialogue from Dark World or was that new dialogue?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

I think that was in Dark World. Yeah. That was that was kinda my so that was what was kinda interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

about this. Right? They had these scenes from Dark World, but they also augmented them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

with both, like, new angles. So one of the Avengers scenes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

they they redid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

a scene from a different angle, and they did a fantastic job. With

**SPEAKER_2** [00:28:59]

Star Lord, the beginning of the Guardians.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

Yep. Yep. When he's dancing around. And that was hilarious. It's just probably take for take

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:06]

just at different camera angle, which is pretty impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

So I agree with you. However, the the thing that was awesome

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

the Thor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

on Asgard's scene was he gets back his hammer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

Right? What's it called, Patty?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:23]

You're gonna put me on the spot now. It's Moyamir.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:25]

That's how I would pronounce it, but I'm not Moyamir?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:29:28]

Moyamir. Moyamir.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

We should probably Google that. Yeah. We're this we're gonna get this is gonna be one of those moments when Daniel Sanchez flips out. Let's see. Sanchez will tell us what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

He'll he'll do it with that accent and probably roll the r's, though. And I don't I don't think they do that in, in Norway. But so he gets his hammer back, which is awesome because he takes it to the final battle scene.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

It it's so it's interesting. The they build their own gauntlet. They call it a glove. They don't call it a gauntlet, which I thought was kind of interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

I like, they teased this right off the bat with it looking like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

an Iron Man suit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

Moyoneer. Moyoneer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

So it looks like an Iron Man, you know, like glove. So we've got that and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

I I don't know if they're trying to like do you think they were trying to show their cards early?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

I'd say not necessarily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:25]

I mean Tony's obviously the one who

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

constructed it so that's kind of his style.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:32]

And it's probably the only technology they have available to actually that would be able to harness it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

Yeah. But but he painted it red. Right? And we know that the suit doesn't get constructed red. He paints it red in in the first Iron Man. It's also completely likely he pulled that out of I mean, how it it's not

**SPEAKER_2** [00:30:51]

specified how long he took to construct it. So he could have constructed that out of one of his 86

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

suits of armor. Sure. Sure. I I mean, realistically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

I think it it was like nanotech stuff going on because I think that's how he reproduces it after he steals the gems, which was also a really interesting twist there. But so he's got this and then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

Hulk puts it on. Right? And he says he was made for this. Oh, we should actually back up just a bit. We speculated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

privately in chat that professor Hulk would make an appearance. They didn't call him that. No. That was him. But oh, 100%.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:27]

And when he popped up

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:29]

and I nudged you,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:31]

that entire scene opening scene, I've it felt real awkward.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:36]

And I think it's actually meant to, so they did a great job.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:31:39]

But his his entire introduction is kinda like, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Well, the thing I thought that didn't really work is it's like they know like, people know him. He's popular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

Right? And he's got he's like into it. Right? And so that's a departure I think from Bruce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

that we're like there's a confidence there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

that we just haven't seen before. And I maybe it's just too stark. It's too like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

sudden.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

I also just didn't get like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

they've gone to the one diner that isn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

down in the dumps because of the snappening

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

and three kids run up to get a, like, a selfie with the Hulk, like, just seemed weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

It was definitely a little out there. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:30]

that's to reinforce

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

personality change there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:35]

the meshing up of Banner and Hulk into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

something cohesive rather than these two opposites. How awesome would it be we won't get it, but how awesome would it be to get a movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

that happens in that five year snap it in window that shows the experiments that he did to become Professor Hulk?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:56]

I could see that becoming a television show.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:32:59]

I mean, that would make sense if they could get the rights from Universal. That would make a perfect Disney plus show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

I wonder if that actor would do that. Yeah. That that that's actually a good point. That would be a a really I think that would be fun,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

we've got,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Hulk puts on the glove, right? He does the snappening or the reverse snappening. Don't even know what we call it, but we purportedly all these people are back. We don't really know how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

they materialize or over the materialize. Most of the ones that we care about are in Wakanda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

Right? Or on Titan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

But they all come back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

But we don't we don't actually see them for a little bit. Right? Because what commences is the battle scene because Nebula has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

done this switcheroo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

which I thought was interesting. I thought it was clever. I I the one thing that bothers me a little bit is, did Nebula never

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

consider the possibility that she would tap into her network, which is what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:56]

they referred to it as when she came back? Well, why would she really? I mean, this is something that would have never happened. I don't think Nebula is overly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:05]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:06]

cognizant of how everything's working.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:10]

In Infinity War, Thanos

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:12]

are has already

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:14]

accessed her memories.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:16]

So, I mean, I don't know if that's necessarily a plot hole where she doesn't she she's obviously not gonna know that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:22]

if there's two of her in one place from two different timelines that

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:26]

this is gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:28]

But

**SPEAKER_2** [00:34:29]

at the same time, like, I I don't think she should be surprised that it were were to happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

So she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

we get two very different nebulas and I thought that the contrast was kinda cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

There there were only I'm trying to think there was only one other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

character, right, who faced off against himself and that was Cap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

Right? You do this all day. You could do this all day. There was some funny dialogue in there. Some unnecessary dialogue too, but whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:00]

So this battle scene commences

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

tell me what was what was your favorite moment in that final battle scene? Scarlet Wedge versus Thanos.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:10]

100%.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:35:11]

There was that was pure emotion, and it was beautifully done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:17]

My favorite moment.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

So, like, the whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:23]

curtain call when everybody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

comes through the portals was pretty awesome,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:28]

especially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:29]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:30]

Spider Man, Iron Man

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

reuniting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

You're talking about the hug, right? Which was funny because that was a play back to Homecoming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

And it's great because like Spider Man's talking about what was happening like no time has passed at all. It was great. It was very well done. So for me, the point at which I like lost it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:56]

so you've got Thanos pushing Stormbreaker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

into Thor's chest and he's holding it back. Right? And you see Thor's hammer wiggle, but you don't know what's going on. And it flies past and who gets it? It's Captain America.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

Right? And the the room

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

cheered and then Captain America just goes bonkers with this this thing and they have an awesome fight. We're going, I knew it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

Yeah. The Thor line was fantastic. So that was to me, that was like the the point which I was at, like, my peak in terms of that final battle scene. I I really, really enjoyed that. I mean, the entire last forty five minutes is a roller coaster of emotions.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:36:39]

By the last twenty minutes, like, the wrap up scenes, like, I was exhausted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

Yeah. It was it was definitely an exhausting movie. So in in the fight scene, right, everyone gets a shot at Thanos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

Every like, each of the main

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

characters. And when I say that, I'm I'm talking about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

Thor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

Cap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:02]

and Iron Man. They each get a punch. Does does Hulk go toe to toe? No. Because he's still injured.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

That's right. He's still injured because because he did the snappening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

We also get Captain Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

goes toe to toe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

And then you mentioned

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

Scarlet Witch. So, you know, we've we've got like everybody kinda just beating him down, but nobody does it. Nobody can finish it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

like, it almost seemed like all hope was lost at one point because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

Thanos gets the glove.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

This is this is an epic battle scene. We've got presumably the Chitauri

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:37]

and all of their madness have come through.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:40]

The children

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:41]

children of Thonis.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:37:42]

So you have Cole Obsidian and Ebony Mall and all of them coming too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

And then those those dog creatures, which Yeah. His entire army. Right. So and we should actually mention

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

so so Hawkeye, right, we get the Ronan character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

but they didn't really not to not to be confused with Ronan. Right? Ronan with with an I, I believe, is how it's spelled. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:06]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

they didn't explore it as deeply as I hope they would. That, think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

was a little disappointing.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:14]

Yeah. I think I mean, we talked about it. I think that was a a time cut

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:18]

because there was probably

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:20]

some more that they could have put in just in regards to his training

**SPEAKER_2** [00:38:25]

that I would have explained more to the audience that has no idea about that character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

He he loses his family. He's teed off. Right? He goes dark. He's apparently killing criminals left and right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

Nat goes and fetches him. Great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

We do get the Ronan scene. I I called the Ronan scene because he's in like full Ronan mode in my opinion when he's being chased by the the Thanos dogs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

You know, he's got the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

glove at one point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

The glove gets tossed around like hot potato. I thought that was pretty clever. That was very well done.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:05]

That was just

**SPEAKER_2** [00:39:06]

very well done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:08]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

Everybody teams up. Avengers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:12]

all of the Avengers movies have been excellent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:15]

at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:16]

moving between characters,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:19]

and this this movie was no exception.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

one thing I forgot to mention, this reminded me, we talked about Nat. She dies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:27]

Right? She is the first Do I have to play another spoiler alert there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

I mean, if if you got this far, we've already spoiled so much of the movie that you should just deal with it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

she's the first Avenger that we lose in this movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

And she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

winds up being the soul sacrificed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:47]

for the soul stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:48]

It was it was interesting because we knew that that had to happen. Right? Like, she wasn't gonna somehow magically get the soul stone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

it it didn't dawn on me until after that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

They they knew it was on Vormir. Right? But they did not know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

Right? So they go blindly but the audience knows. And the audience, I think the way that they set it up, like, I honestly like, I believe that they were gonna figure out a way how to get it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:16]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

even the second time I thought, well, maybe they'll jump off together and and like, the soul stone won't let them both die. So I'll have to let them both live, you know, like weird stuff like that. Like I was hoping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:28]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

she dies. She actually sacrifices herself. They kinda duel it out to see who is gonna be the one to die.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:37]

That's our first loss of the movie. The second loss

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

Iron Man. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:45]

we speculated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

who was going to die before this movie began.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

Did you guys believe that it would be Iron Man?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:52]

I did not. I I thought I I figured he was going to be the one sailing into the sunset

**SPEAKER_2** [00:40:59]

and not Captain America.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:01]

I mean, I think Iron Man is more a character that you can utilize in the future even from a a speaking role.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:41:09]

I don't know if Captain America is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:13]

Yeah. I would not have expected

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:15]

Iron Man to die in the movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:18]

at all. I've really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:22]

really until Doctor Strange shows up again is when I think, yeah, this is probably gonna happen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:29]

So they give it away a little bit before it actually happens. I don't think they pick up on it a ton the first time you see it, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:38]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

Elaborate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:41]

What do you mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:43]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:45]

at one point during a battle sequence, Tony sees doctor Strange and asks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:51]

so you said there's only one way this will work. Is this it? And Doctor Strange's response is, if I told you, then it won't happen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

And that's where I thought, I

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:02]

I didn't catch it until the second time. Like, hear it, but you don't like, it didn't register

**SPEAKER_2** [00:42:07]

until after he died. And then, like, you see it the second time we saw it. I saw it coming together, and I was like, wow. That's crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

Yeah. So the it there being Tony's death. Basically, we know that, like, the the power of the stones together when they get executed does some serious damage to the beholder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

We we know that Thanos at the end of Infinity Wars, like the gauntlet is smoldering and steamy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:34]

The the first arc shows him, like, basically mutilated from using the stones to destroy the stones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

And then there's the Hulk who I actually thought was, like, over mutilated. That surprised me. Then But we come to find out at the very end of the movie that he was trying so hard to bring back Nat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:51]

Right? And that supposedly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:53]

added to that damage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

But, you know, there's there's not the human contact with stones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

with the infinity stones, boils down to red skull and quill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

And quill we find out is like half God or whatever. Or something like that. Yeah. So so cap or no, I'm sorry cap. Iron man goes in and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:15]

takes the glove and the presumption is like, this is not gonna end well. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

And he does he does something that I thought was fantastic. I did not expect him

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:26]

snapping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:27]

away

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

all of Thanos'

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

battle. Like, I that I didn't see that coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:34]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:36]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:37]

the way that they went about it too was pretty cool because at one point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:43]

Thanos is fighting Captain Marvel and Captain Marvel is giving him trouble. So he takes the what is it? Power stone?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:43:50]

Yeah. Takes the power the power stone. Yeah. And he puts that in his other hand and then hits Captain Marvel away. Which was the first time we saw someone remove a stone from the glove to use it, which I thought was interesting because otherwise,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:44:04]

he had just used single stones in the glove before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

Yeah. And it was I think it was important. Right? The the stones were removable because that's how Tony got them. Rather than try to take the glove off, which had failed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:16]

it had failed in Infinity Wars, and and he learned from his mistakes on Titan. He just took the stones off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

And, you know, it it, like, it never crosses Thanos' mind. Right? So he's come caught completely off guard. I thought that was fantastically executed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:30]

Yeah. And that's a very important,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:33]

character development point for Tony too because there's points in this movie where Tony Stark isn't the Tony Stark who he has always been.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:43]

Then there's these shining moments like when he solves the quantum realm time travel problem and being resourceful by taking the stones out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:53]

and problem solving that way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:55]

And that kind of plays into the greater scheme of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:59]

really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:00]

these whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:02]

22 movies being

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:05]

about Tony Stark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:07]

And at the end,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:09]

that Tony Stark is standing in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:11]

stark,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:12]

no pun intended, contrast to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:15]

the Tony Stark that we see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:17]

before he's captured in the first Iron Man. Yeah. Night and day. I mean, I think they also bring that out with him being a family man in this movie, which was another interesting, I think, well executed

**SPEAKER_2** [00:45:28]

play. Expect that at all. I mean, it it's probably written in the clouds and it was pretty obvious that was gonna happen, but I did not expect it at all until we actually saw it on film.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:39]

I thought there was a possibility that he would retreat with Pepper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:42]

K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:43]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:44]

did not expect him to have a kid that and I know they talked about it. Right? Like that was the opening scene of Infinity Wars. So they set that up, but I I still like, I just didn't think it was gonna be a thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:57]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:59]

you look around,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:00]

there's no longer anything with Stark name on it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:05]

And then even

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:07]

when he realizes that this is the only way he can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:11]

completely resolve the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:14]

basically, Infinity War arc,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:16]

he doesn't even think of himself and his family there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:20]

He thinks of the whole universe, so it's completely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:23]

changed Tony from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:25]

Iron Man one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:28]

So so this movie ends with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:31]

basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:33]

Iron Man

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

doing a snappening of Thanos' folks, and then he's he's dying. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:39]

And we see Rhodey come up, shed a tear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:42]

We see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:44]

Peter Parker lose it. And then we see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:47]

Pepper Potts who is in Patrick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:51]

is there a name for her character? There's a name for her suit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:55]

Do you know what it is offhand? Not at the top of my head.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:58]

So that was that was an awesome suit. I thought that was a great appearance. I really hope they do something rescue?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:05]

Okay. Oh, I it was either safety or rescue, but it's rescue. You know, it's interesting. This is not the first time that we've seen her in the Iron Man suit or in an Iron Man suit. It's just the first time that it's catered to her. Is that Iron Man two Three. Three that we see her? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:21]

I'm sure I remember because she gets put into it to protect her when the yeah. You're right. Three because it's the helicopter shooting at the at his compound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:31]

Yeah. You know, the compound contrasting to the cabin,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:35]

like big difference. So so he's dying and Pepper says

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:40]

to him,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

now you can finally rest.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

And that is like the the trigger basically, like that's he's he's done done dead. And I thought that what was interesting about that is that is the resolution

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:51]

to Iron Man three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:53]

Right? Because Iron Man three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:56]

he's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:57]

freaking paranoid about everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:59]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:00]

you know, with with good reason. Right? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:04]

I I really like that. I thought that was a great conclusion. I kept thinking to myself, they're gonna resurrect them somehow or whatever. But instead, no, we go to the funeral scene,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:13]

which I thought was well well done. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:15]

big surprise in the funeral scene was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:20]

Oh, come on, Patty. You caught it the first time. What what surprised you? The kid.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:26]

Oh, yes. No. The, the kid from Iron Man three.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:29]

All grown up, I, would put money on the fact that we're not done with the Iron Man storyline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:34]

Oh, I I definitely we're not done with it. The I think the the hypothesis here, right, is that that kid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:40]

potentially becomes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:42]

the next Ironman. Right? And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:45]

I thought that was a nice little Easter egg. I don't, you know.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:48:49]

They could even not expound on that and it'd still be perfectly fine, I think. It was a good touch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:55]

Yeah. I I definitely agree. I'd love to know how he got there because he didn't seem to have anybody else with him, but whatever, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:03]

Funeral scene is is good to go, and I I think at this point in my mind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:09]

we're done losing Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:11]

Right? Like that that is how I was left to think, but then I looked down on my watch, I'm like, we still got fifteen minutes left. Like, what are they gonna do?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:19]

And, one of the key elements here is that all of the stones have to be returned

**SPEAKER_2** [00:49:25]

to where they were taken from. Exact The moment they were taken from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:30]

Which seems like a tall order. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:33]

But Captain America volunteers to do it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:36]

and he must know what his plan is is is all I can figure because he doesn't come back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:42]

Well, it seems like Bucky kinda knows too based on his dialogue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:47]

Bucky definitely seems to have some kind of a hint.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:49]

Sam is completely clueless. Bruce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:52]

or professor Hulk is also completely clueless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:55]

But basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:57]

Cap goes back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:59]

to some point in time. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:02]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:03]

is with Peggy and apparently gets married. I thought this was interesting because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:07]

Peggy mentions being married

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:10]

at one point. Right?

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:13]

But, like, it was just a fleeting moment. And I just alluded to that she was married and she never actually discusses who her husband was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:23]

And and I think I think it is entirely possible

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:26]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:27]

that, like, that connection's intentional.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:30]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:31]

And that's not like history being rewritten. Like, I don't think she suddenly had a different husband, which I think is cool. So he goes back and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:40]

we see him having that dance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:43]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:44]

they talk about at the end of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:46]

First Avenger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:48]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:49]

that that resolves out the Captain America story.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:52]

The the ending that everyone predicted would happen six years ago,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:50:58]

when they or not even six years, four years ago when they announced,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:01]

actually came true

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:03]

and everyone on the Internet rejoiced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:08]

Alright, guys. We are at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:11]

fifty minutes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:13]

What are some closing thoughts here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:17]

I well, you you guys go first. Like, sum it up. Sum up your your your take on the movie in the evening and in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, like, the conclusion of the whole thing, all that.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:27]

The evening was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:29]

Thank you for having me. The

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:32]

movie,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:34]

I don't know if I can come

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:36]

to a conclusion on the movie yet. I mean, it was amazing,

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:40]

but I don't think I can give it a ranking. How many more times you gotta watch it before you rank it? I'll well, I'll see it again on Saturday.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:47]

And then probably one or two more. We'll watch it at home and then probably find out where it fits.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:53]

I'm I'm excited for the future of the MCU.

**SPEAKER_2** [00:51:56]

I'm very excited for the future of the MCU. I think it was a good it was a good first half.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:06]

Evening was great. Pastor Porkhart, we miss you. Sorry you couldn't be here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:12]

I think

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:13]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:15]

Endgame

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:18]

definitely will make a top five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:20]

I mean, I'm coming off with lots of hype seeing it two times

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:25]

this evening,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:26]

and it's after 02:30 in the morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:28]

But I think just,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:31]

being the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:33]

conclusion to all these storylines,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:37]

got lots of good points for the fans being it Captain America holding the hammer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:44]

Pepper in a suit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:45]

so all all that sort of stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:48]

I think that it probably ends up in the top five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:51]

So I definitely agree on the top five assessment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:54]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:55]

I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:57]

legitimately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:58]

saddened at the thought of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:00]

Chris Evans as Captain America being done. Like that that was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:05]

pretty heartbreaking. I'm pretty bummed that we're done with Robert Downey Junior as Iron Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:12]

I hope they still do a Black Widow spin off, but I'm really skeptical. I I was really surprised that they cut her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:20]

I'm excited at the prospect.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:22]

The only thing I said, I think they set up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:25]

in this movie for for something in the future is the next Guardians with Thor being in them. And I'm I'm excited about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:34]

I think in general, this is a nice finale. Like I think this really wrapped things up in a way that I can stomach, is tolerable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:43]

and it was just good storytelling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:45]

I think the the three kinda arcs that we described was really clever. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:51]

had no idea what this movie was going to be like based upon the trailers. The the trailers, they were not misleading.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:58]

They just didn't tell me the story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:00]

and that was awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:02]

So, you know, all around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:04]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:05]

I'm really glad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:06]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:07]

the movie came out the way that it did and I look forward to buying it and watching it, you know, a 100 more times.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:14]

Yeah. I mean, pretty soon we're gonna have enough Marvel content to be watching it all day, every day. And then by the time we're done, it'll been long enough since we've seen the first one again. There you go. Alright. And on that note, first and foremost, Patrick, thank you for making the long haul and, joining us on this adventure, this double showing plus stake

**SPEAKER_2** [00:54:36]

of Avengers Endgame. Thank you for having me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:39]

Johnny, thank you for making the drive to do this in person.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:42]

Anytime, Stan. Anytime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:44]

And on that note, friends, we shall call it a morning, not a night, a morning because it is twenty till three and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:52]

I'm ready to sleep. Oh. Yes. Talk to you later. See you.

