---
title: 'Cheez-It Pizza, Lawn Care Woes, Paper Planners and new Apple Things'
episode: 64
date: '2019-09-26T14:19:06.000Z'
slug: cheez-it-pizza-lawn-care-woes-paper-planners-and-new-apple-things/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So, John, what did you think of that, voice mail earlier I left you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

You know, it was hard to tell. I was just getting in my car heading back. So I heard it first a little bit on my phone, and then it switched over to my car,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

and it's not as clear as whatever that beautiful microphone you're using is right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:44]

But let let me ask you this. Did you listen to the whole thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

on the phone later on?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

I did not. Do you want me to do that right now? Not right now, but I would like you to do that. I'm I'm just really curious how this thing holds up, the the speakers. So there it was I was wearing a pair of Powerbeats Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

and Yeah. What's kinda cool about this, I I was in the Apple Store for reasons, which I'm sure we'll talk about. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

I just asked the guy, like, hey, could I try

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

Powerbeats Pro? Like, do you because they don't have any of them out. Right? Because Right. They they physically go into your ears, and that would just be gross.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

Honestly, it's a little gross that they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

have the, like, over the ear ones just there too, but I think they actually wipe those down with alcohol pads

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

pretty regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

I I tried those because, you know, my AirPods, my beloved AirPods,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

are slowly but surely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

losing their battery, and I'm gonna have to replace them. And I thought, well, maybe I tried the Powerbeats Pros instead. So I was just curious, like, how the how the call sound was because I don't know. I don't I don't think you've ever really complained about my AirPods when I call you on them, have you? Nope. I don't think I can notice that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Interesting. I was in the Apple Store. The Apple Store was kinda busy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

That may or may not be a Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

Yeah. Although, dude After product launch. It opened at ten. We got there at 10:25, and it was packed. Yeah. That's crazy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

Yes. I don't I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

I I haven't made my decision yet. I probably I'm gonna need to replace these sooner rather than later just because the battery life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

I I can get through about two hours worth of meetings before having to charge them, but I've had a couple of days now where I pop the left one out, and I put it in the the case to charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

And then as soon as it gets, like, 30%, I pop the other one out and put it in, like, a swap just to keep going through the meeting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

Yeah. It's really not an ideal yeah. Not at all. Not at all. So You should use your podcast setup for all your meetings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

I do for speaking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

actually. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

I don't I don't use my headphones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

for, for a couple reasons, but but one of the biggest ones is let over the ear headphones get hot. Yeah. Don't like them. Yeah. Your ears get warm. Right? And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

if it wasn't for that, if I could find some kind of breathable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

over the ear headphones, I would I would do it. I'd be all in. But alas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

I don't think such a thing exists.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

Probably not. No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

Well, we look forward to your next tech purchase as always here on Life with Twisted Lemon. It's been an expensive September, John. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Between the Synology and then the Apple toys.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:29]

But New headphones on the way. But after that, you should be Not yet. No. No. The new headphones aren't on way yet. I'm still debating. You could push that off till October.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

Yeah. Well, here's hoping. Your TV is relatively new, super new, considering your history with TVs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

you probably wanna have to buy one of those this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

I have been thinking about that though. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

Well, because I you know, I've I've got it. It sits above the, the fireplace. Right? And if you if you look at it, there's actually a little bit of space to the left, a little bit of space to the right Yeah. On each side. So that that whole area could handle a larger screen, but there's a max. Right? So I know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

I'm not going to ever get a TV that's going to hang over the edges of the bump above the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

fireplace. Right? Like, that would just look weird. So the next TV will fit into that space, and it would probably be the last TV I buy, I would imagine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

And are you thinking about this because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

you've just been thinking about it or because it's football season?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

Speaking of football season, I think you, you had a what I what I consider to be a football season styled snack recently, didn't you? Yeah. I suppose I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

Pizza Hut, I don't know if they sent it out in an email or if I saw it from somewhere else that they Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. You get you get Pizza Hut promotional emails?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:59]

I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

John, I am so proud of you right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

Go on, my friend. Go on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

But they're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

running this limited time only stuffed Cheez It pizza, they call it. I said, I like Cheez Its. Stan likes Cheez Its. I should try less.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

So were you already planning to eat out, or did you do this specifically to talk about it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:29]

I did this specifically to talk about it. It this was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:33]

last Thursday, so the day the last episode came out. And missus Kolmeyer was planning to work late at school, I was on my own. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

I know how you eat when you're on your own, but why would I cook up some amazing thing when I could just order pizza?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

Fair fair enough. Fair enough. So missus Kolmeier did not partake of this. Correct?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

She did partake of this because she came home, and all of my plans for the evening were changed for the better, most likely. But Okay. So so in general in general And she came home after I placed the order, so I went through with the order of pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

Okay. Alright. Let's let's just begin by describing this thing because I have not been able to find a picture of it on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

it's weird. They call it the stuffed Cheez It pizza. It's actually on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

the side section of their menu, so it's more of a side than a pizza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

So it came it came in this Cheez It branded box,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

kinda like the size of the box that a personal pan pizza would come in maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

And then there were four of these things, and they're probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:45]

three inches by three inches, so relatively small squares.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

Okay. Alright. So help me understand, like, this is a it's almost like a Hot Pocket.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

Yeah. But more square and less rectangular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

So alright. This this helps me. Right? Because I was thinking that there was something open faced, but it's not open faced like a pizza at all. No. So it basically looks like a giant baked ravioli.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

Okay. How like, how close would you say is it to a calzone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:14]

So they actually have a calzone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:18]

Wait. Wait. Wait. Is it a Cheez It calzone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:21]

It is not a Cheez It calzone. Oh, alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

But they, like, have actual pizza crust, I think, that they use to make that calzone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

So this was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:32]

I mean, the texture on the outside wasn't really calzone y. It was more it was softer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

when I had it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

So like, you know, like Did you how long between the time you picked it up and the time you ate it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

Ten minutes, fifteen minutes maybe. Okay. Alright. And you got you got carryout, right? You didn't do delivery? Correct. Okay. Alright. Keep going.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:58]

So, yeah, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:01]

so I got the cheese and pepperoni stuffed ones. There's also just the cheese one. I figured, hey. I'm doing cheese stuffed pizzas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

Might as well put some cheese and pepperoni in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

Do do they not offer any other options like sausage?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

No. There's no sausage in there. Okay. Interesting. So presumably then, these come to Pizza Hut fully assembled. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

Probably. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

So you take a bite out of the first one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

Yep. Does it taste like a Cheez It, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

Yes and no. So, you know, like, that Cheez It, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:34]

cheap, fake cheese aftertaste that you get when you eat Cheez Its? Okay. I wanna be very clear that I take offense

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

to the to the term

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

fake cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

Like, the those those are not attributes that I would use when describing a Cheez It, John. So if you ate a slice of cheese, it would be a different aftertaste than if you ate a Cheez It.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

That is true because a Cheez It and a slice of cheese are not the same thing. Correct. Okay. Anyways, so you get the Cheez It aftertaste,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:05]

The actual biting into the Cheez It like a delicious salty crunchy feel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

was not there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

So that's that's disappointing. Do you think do you think it had anything to do with those ten minutes that you spent driving home?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

No. I think it's the texture of the material.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

Okay. So, like, you know what the Doritos Locos Tacos, like, has the crunch that a Dorito has, and it tastes like a Dorito. This was was not the same for the Cheez It. I mean, overall, like, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:36]

it basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

it's some kind of dough,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

that they put probably Cheez It flavoring on or infuse it with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

So you just made me think a really wonderful thing would be a Cheez It taco shell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

I could get behind that. Yeah. I definitely or or can you imagine if they took it to the next level and they made it a Cheez It Chalupa shell?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:59]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

Yeah. See, now now we're talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

I presume that they crumbled

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

Cheez Its up and incorporated in the dough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

Could be. But, yeah, I just I wonder what I wonder what the construction process is like there. Yeah. So the aftertaste is definitely there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

I don't know. It's kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

I really don't know how else to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:24]

describe it. So, like, you can get cheese stuffed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

nuts or whatever for side menus, so that would probably be the closest, but this dough seemed softer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

Okay. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

missus Lemon would not let me try this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

Why not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

Just felt like it was going too far. It was taking everything a little too far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:48]

And I'm not necessarily disagreeing with her, but I still am. I'm cheesy curious. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

I I'm I'm just I'd like to know where do you land? Would you recommend this to anyone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

I would recommend this to you because I think you should try it, and I think that missus Lemon would enjoy the experience of trying this as well. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:09]

I personally will not order them again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:12]

Okay. Alright. Any regrets?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:15]

No. No regrets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

Alright. So let me ask you this. If you're sitting down in a restaurant and there are only two things on the menu, the, the the Cheez It pizza or the Impossible Whopper, which do you go for?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

Probably depends on how I'm feeling that day, but right now, I would lean towards the Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

Oh, interesting. Okay. It's because you really did think it was beef, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

I did not think it was beef, but I thought it was more of a veggie burger and less of a beef soy based alternative.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

Okay. Alright. So I I cannot guarantee that I'm gonna try one of these. If I do though, John, I promise to make a video, and and we can post it on our, on our page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

them calling it a pizza is false advertising.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

Oh, definitely. Like, now that I understand what this is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

this isn't a pizza. Like, that's that's shameful. That Yep. Somebody It it comes with a cup of marinara sauce for dipping. So Oh, I I love that marinara sauce. It it's good,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

but definitely not a pizza.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

the the cheese and the pepperoni inside, were they just like on a normal Pizza Hut pizza? Were they different? That was straight Pizza Hut, and then what they would put in their pazons

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

and everything like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

I have a I got a weak spot for Pizza Hut. I always have. There's something about their deep fried pizza, and by that, I just mean their regular pan pizza that I love. It's just it's just delicious every time. Now granted, nine times out of 10 after I eat it, I I feel awful. Right? Like, my insides hurt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:48]

But it's While you're eating it. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm all in. And the last time it was actually a couple weeks ago. I hadn't had Pizza Hut in a long time, but we were driving back, and I was I was just feeling it. Right? Like, was like, man, I I could use a Pizza Hut pizza right now. So I got little pan pizzas for everybody,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

in my family, which is ridiculously expensive. A pan pizza is an expensive way to feed a family. Yeah. The cheapest way is just order your large pizza and split up toppings. Exactly. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

And, I will say, I love their sausage. I don't know what it is, but I just love their sausage. Yeah. Cheese is good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Yeah. And then, I also got breadsticks because I'm a sucker for their breadsticks. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

I was pretty disappointed with this last round of breadsticks. The crunch that I expected on the outside wasn't there. Yeah. Yeah. That's sad. I mean, flavor breadsticks very often. Flavor was fine. Well, like, who needs breadsticks when you're eating pizza? Truth be told. Right? It's like, yeah. Let me add bread bread. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

So that was our current gimmicky,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:52]

order recently. I think you should try it and report back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

Yeah. I'll leave it at that. Alright, John. I'll, I'll try and convince missus Lemon, or I'll try and pull a fast one when she's not looking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

Convince Henry. He'll be all about this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

I don't know. I don't know about Henry. You know who loves junk food and, like, eating, like, fast food junk food?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

It's Lucy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

And anytime anytime I wanna go and get,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

like so for an ex for as an example, I was driving down the the expressway,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

and I saw an advertisement for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I can't remember what it was now. It was it was their their garlic bread meatball marinara sub at Subway. Like, it it it was a meatball sub, but on garlic bread that was toasted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

with cheese, and it was I I don't know. Like, a six inch was 2,000 calories or something absurd. Right. And I was like, oh, that looks delicious. And Lucy instantly piped in, yeah, that looks awesome, daddy. We should go do that. I was like, really? You would eat one of those with me? She goes, yeah. We get a foot long. We could split it. So we went and got a foot long. We split it. Nice. That was another one of those situations where I had lots of regrets afterwards. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

that's, that's my fast food,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:02]

friend, my fast food buddy. Nice. So Evelyn's your donut buddy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

Lucy's his fast food buddy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Yeah. Henry digs milkshakes, so there's that. There you go. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

So, you know, eating all this crap, you obviously have to get outside and and burn some of it off. Right? Did you get on your bicycle?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

No. No. I was just talking about lawn work, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

It sounds like both you and I have had an interesting lawn week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

Lawn week?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

Yeah. I mean I didn't do anything with my lawn this week, really. Oh, I thought you well, you got on the note, you've got John's lawns next steps. What does that mean? So I am still all in on improving my lawn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

So right now, we're in fall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

or getting close to fall. So I'm looking like, hey. What should I be doing with my lawn this fall?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

And I'm really I'm trying to eradicate the weeds

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:56]

and get me off to a strong start next spring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

Have you thought about just going nuclear with the Roundup?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

In the backyard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:04]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

has definitely crossed my mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

What's I What's about just killing off my whole backyard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

Okay. And again, what what's stopping you? Right now, it's because I'm not entirely sure I have enough time to reestablish Elan after I kill everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

Okay. That's fair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

So So that's the next year worst case scenario,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:31]

problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:32]

Yeah. After you do the roundup, you gotta go and probably till it up a little bit or something. Yeah. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

then you'll need the the seed and plant, all that stuff. Fortunately, your yard's not humongous,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:44]

so I think Yeah. I mean, it's gonna be really really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:48]

cheap both to kill the stuff and to reestablish the lawn because Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:54]

Do have any idea of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

quality of your soil?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:58]

So that's really, what the Scotts program has been helping me out with this year. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

Basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

making the soil better

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

trying to build the turf that's there, make that stronger and more sustainable.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

So I have I haven't really gone after the weeds besides by building turf, so they just don't come back in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

Now the soil itself, I've not done a soil test or anything like that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

but it's definitely compacted and needs to be aerated.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

So I called the lawn company, see if they could come out and aerate, and their aerator is too big to fit through the path that it takes to get to my backyard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

So the next option would be to go to the hardware store Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

And rent one, which is not terribly cheap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

Sarah and I were looking at doing that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

We're not gonna I don't think we're gonna aerate this year, but I've man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:53]

Well, let me back up. Has the Scotts program, has it helped at all? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

Grass looks much better than when we moved in last year and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

early this spring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:04]

Okay. So if if it looks better,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

maybe roundup's not the right call. Have you thought about just spot spray with weeds spread?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

The backyard,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

I would not say looks better if the backyard has pretty much been taken over by creeping Charlie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

Oh, creeping Charlie is tough. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:22]

So Yeah. But the front yard, I love the front yard, so I'm not gonna kill that off. I think that that is salvageable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Okay. Yeah. Creeping Charlie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

it's just it's just tough. You gotta do you have a weed whacker yet? I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

I got my mower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

Have you taken the weed whacker to the Creeping Charlie at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:41]

Not through, like, the main portions of my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

lawn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

but around the a good place to start just like go go kamikaze on it and just rip it all apart with your Yeah. Weed whacker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

Could do that, and then I could throw down seed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:58]

and try to get the seed to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

basically keep it out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

So creepy Charlie is in the back, so it it thrives in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

shaded areas with not great drainage. Hence, why I wanted to air wipe the back that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

they can't air weight. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:19]

so, yeah, that's kind of my next steps that I'm thinking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

I would think your backyard would be prime

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

for seating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Like, I I you don't have to deal with too much sun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

You got the right amount of shade, I would think. So I you know? Yep. If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:34]

you can get to the point where you can lay the seed down Right. I mean, you know, even if just some of it takes, you'll be better off. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

So So we'll see. You've got a spreader or something? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:46]

Okay. I just I never know with you, John. I mean, up in up in you, like, went snowing of homeownership without a ladder. So There are two things that I want that I have not deemed necessary yet. One is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

a blower,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:01]

leaf blower,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

and the other is an actual edger, like a blade edger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

Okay. So the blower, I mean, do you not blow your grass off the street and sidewalk after you're done mowing? I do not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

You're one of those neighbors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

Actually, surprisingly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

the lot doesn't get into the street probably because the front portion on the street side of the sidewalk isn't great turf grass yet either. But Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

Don't move to my subdivision. That drives me nuts when people mow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

blow it all onto the street, then just leave it there. If I move to your subdivision,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

then I could borrow your blower. And then we could go That is true. We could go halfsies on the aerator, and we could help each other out. And and we could also you could also use my trimmer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

which was expensive but totally worth it just just for the record. I love that thing. So you got the blade trimmer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Oh, yeah. Don't have, like, a weed whacker substitute that doesn't actually put a nice edge on it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

So I I tried the whole thing where you hold the weed whacker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

like, up on edge, and you you do it that way. It doesn't it doesn't work, man. It I mean, if you're careful, it it actually works great. It's just exhausting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

It is exhausting to hold that for the whole edge, and I think what happens is you get, like, the first couple inches, and it looks pristine. Right? Yeah. And then from there, it just just all gets awful because you're getting tired and just get sloppy and all that jazz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

So I I bought the trimmer. No regrets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

I've got so many problems in my lawn right now. This year this year was rough. Oh, no. Yeah. Do you do you have, Japanese beetles at all? Not yet. I have not seen any of this year. Man, we had tons of Japanese beetles, and the problem with, Japanese beetles is they leave behind grubs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

Right? And so grubs just gnaw away at the roots of your grass,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

and I'm pretty sure that that's what's happened. That coupled with the fact that we just have not had a lot of rain,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

I've I've got some spots that are are pretty bad, and the backyard in particular doesn't look great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

The weeds got out of control this year too. And finally, last weekend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

Sarah and I, on our hands and knees, went through the backyard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

and dug out these just big old I don't even know what they are. These big old nasty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

really dense woody weeds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

and, we filled up, like, basically, two wheel wheelbarrels

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

worth of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

weeds dug up by hand. Took a couple hours. Totally worth it, but, ugh, just not fun.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

I've I've I've got I put down grub control at the beginning of the year, and I had read on the Internet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

like, do it in the spring, you're good. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

And I was. I was good for a long time. In fact, I even noticed that my neighbors very clearly had grub damage before I did,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

but then all of a sudden, they, like, attacked with a vengeance, and I couldn't figure out what. And we we had Japanese beetles everywhere. I mean, they they decimated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

a tree that I have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

And I'm I'm gonna try they've got these, like, Japanese beetle traps or something, like like Yeah. Draw Japanese beetles to them. I think I'm gonna put that in the back of my property next year, and try to go at it that way because they've it's just it's just been bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

But alright. Where I'm going with this. So the Grub X, I put down in the spring,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

and I thought I'd just put down one time a year because most of the stuff that I've seen says just one time a year, and like in New York and California,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

you can only do it once a year, whatever. Right? Right. Turn turns out that it lasts for four months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

And about the time that it looked like the grubs were getting me, it had been about four months. So I think I think I've gotta just set, a four month schedule and which means it'll be better next year, but, you know, I've got I've got some turf builder. I gotta put down two. We've not had a lot of water. I actually started I and I I told myself, like, I'm not gonna water this year because it it just drives me nutty. Right. But I have started watering a little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

It's kinda starting to wake up the back lawn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

I think I think the lawn got dormant, and the weeds just sucked up whatever little water there was left. Yeah. So been a rough year. Been a very rough year. Yeah. And, I mean, there's nothing wrong with letting your grass go into dormancy during the summer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:10]

generally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

But, yeah, I would throw some turf builder down and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:15]

stay on top of grubs next year. It it took a beating. It got dormant. Right? And then the kids, they play on it. They play a lot. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

And and I think I think that's the reason why I've gotta probably get serious about watering,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

which it stinks, but it is what it is. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

you know, I the yard's there for them to play on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

it's worth it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

So I've been watching this YouTube channel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:42]

the lawn care nut,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

and he's got tons of great information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

He now move he lives in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:50]

somewhere in Florida now, but for a long time, he lived just outside Chicago, so it's dealing with the same sort of turf type that we have. Okay. You're kinda down in that, like, moderate range, though. Do you know if you have cool season grasses or warm season grasses?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

I I have no idea what they planted. So I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

tried to do the look up on Scott's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

I I don't know. It's Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

Who knows? Who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

So So gotta send me a link or not. Yeah. Send me send me a link to the YouTube channel, because I I wanna check this out. Alright. Looks interesting or sounds interesting. Yeah. He's entertaining,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

so that's why I like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

Alright. So time for a rant, John. Rant. Alright. Yeah. You you and I have looked at this Everbook thing before that's, like, all the rage on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

It's At least in Lutheran circles.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

Yeah. I I don't know. I've started to hear about it from other circles now, and it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

annoying. It's really annoying to me. I this whole thing, right, is basically you fold paper and you put it in, a leather flap and you tie it up, and you pretend like you're organized. Is that is that a fair description?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

Essentially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

it's a notebook without being bound to keeping pages in the order that they are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

I it it just I can't wrap my head around it because it looks like chaos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

And then today, I finally it finally clicked why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

people, especially our age, like this thing so much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

And and I should say our age and, like, you know, the the generation slightly older than us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

This is the modern day Trapper Keeper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:23]

The modern day trapper keeper. Alright. Do you remember do you remember the trapper keeper? I do. I remember that they looked far more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

organized than these things that I've seen. Infinitely more organized. Right? You you had the folders, the clasp in. You had the notebooks, the clasp in. It had the little flap. It had a place Pen pouches. And pencils. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

Like, it was it was a it was awesome. Oh, yeah. The actual pouches that you could do on the three rings, but but some of them had them actually on the inside too. Right. Right? Like, there's I mean, it was a wonderful piece of of equipment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:55]

in elementary school,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

and I loved my Trapper Keeper. There was a a phase where, like, that was the the thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

that I did when I started the school year, when I got a new Trapper Keeper. And I was just thinking to myself, like, Everbook is really just a poor man's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

adulted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

version

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

of what the Trapper Keeper was trying to do. It just fails on every single point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

But principally, I think that's what it's that's what's trying to be. Would you buy a trapper keeper now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

oh, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

I don't do a lot of paper, man. Like, it's just in general.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:30]

That's kinda like the whole the whole thing that I don't get is they're putting all this stuff on paper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

Well, I think I think there's benefits of taking notes on paper. Right? Like, I do that. I do that at church. I do that at work sometimes, and then I usually transfer them if I'm gonna keep them digitally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

Yeah. So I I think there's value there, but I I don't keep large

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

swaths of paper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

around, and I definitely don't organize it like that. I mean, I I've got file folders for the things that are critical, and I have to keep a printed copy of, but that's about it. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

Yeah, man. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

I'm not even interested in trying this out, Stan, so we can't do an experiment. Yeah. I'd I'm I'm I think at this point, I'm religiously opposed to it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

you can stick with your field notes, and I'll stick with my small moleskins, and we'll just go from there. Alright? I I do like my field notes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:22]

That would be great for, like, your lawn regimen too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

For to record it in field notes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

Yeah. You could, like, draw out a diagram of your lawn with the measurements.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

I have an Apple Pencil. Why wouldn't I just do that in the notes app?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:37]

Because I don't know what an Apple Pencil does, Stan. So you go for it. Oh my gosh. This guy. You know, the bonus of doing it on your phone is that your phone will probably measure

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:47]

how big your lawn is too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

Don't know if there's an app. Big of scale.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

Well, that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:53]

the ruler app, you use you can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

do small things. There's online tools that you can do with satellite imagery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

I have a confession to make. You've never used that? I've never used the Measure app. Do do you have, like, a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

deck of cards or something there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

I'm I'm measuring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

hold on. I'm gonna measure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

Your keyboard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

Well, now I'm gonna measure the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

oh, this is weird. I'm trying to measure the AirPods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

Oh, I gotta add points. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

Wow, John. I've never done this before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

It's handy, man. That that is cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

That is really cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Oh, wow. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:37]

You're gonna measure everything in your house now. You you bet I am. Wow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

Now imagine if you're, like, trying to measure to figure out what the center of something that you're hanging on the wall is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

Is it is it accurate enough for that? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:54]

I think I used it on a ruler, and it was pretty darn close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Well, I know what I'm doing for the rest of the evening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

So here we are with your Apple tip of the day. Use the Measure app

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

on your iPhone. Wow. That looks really accurate too. I haven't used it on I iOS 13.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

Yeah. So that's that's where we're gonna go next.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

I I mean, you've upgraded. Right? Yep. Upgraded As soon as I could during the day at work. Hit Didn't help. Hasn't hit at all. Was 01:00. Right? My Something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

like that. So it was weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

I expected it earlier in the day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

but I even got missus Colmeier to update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

Hey. Look at that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

So So what do what do you all think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

I love it. I'm using dark mode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

I don't know. Is there, like, a killer feature that we have in iOS 13? I mean, there's lots of good niceties and stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:54]

The keyboard is really super cool and really super accurate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

just a really cool piece of technology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

I I think the I think dark mode is probably one of the headline features. I think the overhaul to photos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

the upgraded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

reminders experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

gosh, what else?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

Pro probably probably the keyboard too. I think those are those are the most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

most critical things or most most, like, big

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

deals, if you will. There's just this is a a release with a ton of polish. It I mean, like, every little corner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

there's just really nice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

clean improvements.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:40]

Good good user experience update.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

So reminders,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:46]

I don't use reminders all that often,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

but like, I noticed the UI changes, but I'm not sure what else they've actually done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:58]

I there's, so I haven't I haven't hit the upgrade button. I'm sorry. Did you say you hit the upgrade button? We did. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

not in sync with your Mac then. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

Yeah. But I don't use reminders on my Mac. Okay. This is what stopped me from doing this because it says once you upgrade, like, all of your devices need to be on the on the current one. I also use it on the iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

and iOS or iPadOS 13 is not out for the iPad. So I I haven't gone down this road. Sarah did, and I think there was, like, flagging,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

and then there's there's gotta be something else. But I I just I haven't had chance to use it. It looks like there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

some more sorting sort of options. So there's, like, today's scheduled all flagging,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

kinda inboxes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:40]

Okay. I don't know if that was there before, but even if I click on, like, the inbox, it breaks it out by all my lists. But I guess it's cool to see them there. Today

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

was is there right now. Scheduled is right there, and all is right there. I like this all list. I don't remember that in iOS 12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

Okay. I'm actually a big fan of that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

But, and then I think on the individual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

to dos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

I think there might be more options there. But again, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

I should spend some time looking at missus Lemons because she upgraded.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:12]

So reminders have been there forever. Oh, remind me when messaging. Is that something new?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:19]

I I don't know. Must be. I I again, I will could say show the reminder notification when chatting with a person in messages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

Oh, there you go. That's cool. I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:32]

definitely come across a couple bugs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:36]

Mostly when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

digging into, like, deep menu options and then not being able to close out of that without

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

hitting the home button because I still have one of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

I don't know that I would know how to use the home button anymore as weird as that sounds because it's been so long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

they're going to release iOS 13.1

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

on Tuesday. Originally, they were gonna release it on the thirtieth, but they bumped it up six days. I believe iPadOS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

gets its update on the same day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:09]

which which is in I mean, it's it's cool. They've they've kicked out a bunch of features from 13 to 13 dot one. The one that I'm the most interested in is shared folders in iCloud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

Yeah. So we're finally getting that, but again, 13.1.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

I'm looking forward to that because of missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

But, maybe I I could share with you my audio hijack pro folder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:29]

You could. And then you wouldn't have to upload it. Do you have a shortcut for uploading audio?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

I don't You're out of your Mac. From my Mac. Yeah. It's just a drag and drop deal. So, yeah, I was surprised. It sounded like you had just found shortcuts. You'd never used this before. So I know that there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:45]

been this workflows and stuff in the phone forever, but I've never had anything that I really used.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:51]

So now shortcuts is its own app icon. You don't have to dig through settings and stuff like that to get to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

yeah, like, I don't know I don't know what I would use it for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:02]

Some of, like, the default one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:04]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:05]

notify somebody how far out I am or something. So if I'm leaving work, could hit that and say, hey. I'll be home in ten minutes. Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

Shortcuts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

has been around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

at least through iOS 12, maybe iOS 11, like, as shortcuts. It was it was rebranded from workflow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

I think though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

it didn't come preinstalled in the OS. I think you still had to, like, collectively download it. V y. Yeah. And I had workflow before I actually bought workflow before Apple bought the company,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:34]

And I I loved it. Like, it's just it's got a bunch of nice utility to it. So it's got much tighter integration with Siri now, and I think I think they're just they're kicking it up a notch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:44]

Yeah. So I don't use Siri a ton.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:47]

I really should because of Siri has come a long way since when I was messing around with it initially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

But I never use it on my Mac, and I hardly ever use it on my watch just because it's an old watch. So maybe that will change when I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:02]

move

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

when I receive my next package, Stanley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

I I will say I actually use it on my watch the most,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

because I don't even have to say, hey, Siri. I just just, like, look yeah. And start talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

And and I find, like, adding reminders

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

or sending missus Lumina message,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

that kind of thing, it's really handy for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

Yep. I've got I've got some stuff that can tell me, like, where's Henry? You know? Because I've got the when he's carrying his relay, get a little geofence response.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

All all that stuff just keeps getting better. The thing that I wish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

was improved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

Siri is when I get into my car,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

if I say, you know, hey, Siri, what happens is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

the car tries to take the command

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

over the car's Bluetooth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

Yeah. And that never that never works correctly. It it never works. Yeah. You need CarPlay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:59]

I've heard that there's there's some cool

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:02]

updates to CarPlay with this too. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

I've never been disappointed when I've been in a rental or somebody else's car with CarPlay. I've I've thought about upgrading

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

dash console. I just I don't know. I don't spend that much time on the car. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:19]

But So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:20]

that would solve your problem. It would. It definitely would. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

so real quick, just to kinda follow-up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

really, I guess, the last two episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

I I got my iPhone. I got my Apple Watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

The Apple Watch has brought immense joy. This always on thing is legit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

being able to look down and see the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

So here's here's where I've noticed it coming in. Like, I'll be typing, and I'll just glance down on my wrist, and now I can tell the time, which is weird because I've got the clock on the screen, but nonetheless

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

Right. You know, I'm still doing it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

There've been some other situations like that where the always on was just awesome. The one thing I did notice is because it's always on, I cannot hide in a dark room and jump out at missus Lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

the same as I used to and try and scare her at night. And so I have to either remove the watch or put it in theater mode or something like that if I'm gonna Yeah. You know, jump out at her. She's grateful for that. I'm a little disappointed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:22]

The compass in this watch though is awesome. Like, I'm I'm totally digging the compass.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:29]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

going back to you scaring missus Lemon, this has been going on for years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:34]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:35]

is this still a daily occurrence?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

No. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

I I've because here's the thing, it was getting to be too predictable because I was jumping out at her every day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:45]

So, the other problem is I have to contend against the dog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

So the dog is really troubled that I jump out at her, and the dog will sneak around and bark at me when I'm getting ready to do that. So missus Lemon then knows, and I just I've gotta be more tactical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

and and little sneakier with my with my jumping out at her. But So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:07]

I tried this on missus Colmire once, and she almost had a panic attack. So I've not been brave enough to try it again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

The the best that I ever did, I think, was missus Lemon walked out of the garage at the old house to take the dog out, and I beelined it out of the door in the backyard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

into the backyard, ran around the house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

and creeped up, behind her in the dead of night and jumped out at her. And I thought she was gonna pass out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:38]

You're terrible, Stan. Yeah. I don't know why it takes so much joy in it, but I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:46]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:47]

So you said Compass.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

Yep. Yeah. And other than that, like, the watch is the watch. I'm not as big of a fan of the new bands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

as I was the old ones because they're different color on the the the top and versus the bottom, and so they're the the loops. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

what that means is that when you pull it down over I can show this to you. So you see how it changes colors? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

And I I don't know. Like, it's just a it's just kind of a weird Yeah. That is weird. It's not symmetrical. So I like this loop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

I wish they sold the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

clasp ones like I have. I have two of them, so it's it's not the end of the world. But Right. I wish they still sold those with new designs because I really think that was, like, you know, peak awesomeness for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:30]

for Apple. I returned to the aluminium

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

rather than the, the black anodized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:36]

So that was the old one right there. You can see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:39]

I'm showing John the old Apple Watch on on We need to switch to video here. Then you can show us phones and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:46]

we can do unboxings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:49]

You know, somebody told me I should do that with the iPhone 11 Pro, and I thought about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:53]

So here's the thing. Right? The the 11 Pro, the the camera is wicked awesome. That whole zoom out thing is is totally legit. I'm just telling you, I think that's gonna be a killer feature for realtors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

in particular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

That really anybody that wants to use a, wide angle lens and get up, you know, more in the picture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

This just it it commoditize commoditizes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:16]

that type of photography in a way that hasn't been accessible before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

So I think that'll be cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:24]

I'm sure it's gonna have huge impact on Instagram.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

You know, other than that, like, it's just a it's just a nice little phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

I I did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

I I I don't think it's a particular so missus Lemon got the white one and it looks legitimately beautiful. It is a beautiful looking phone. I got the black one and I don't know, like, it's kinda it's not it's not really attractive to me, the the back of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:49]

And so I had I had that clear case that I got, which is brand new. That's like a new thing that Apple's doing. Missus Lemon had it too,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:56]

and I I had to come back to the Apple store today, and I traded them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

for two reasons. One, they were unbelievably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

slippery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

Like, the phone itself is not as slippery as the clear case was. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

tried some of the other silicon cases

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

in the store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

They were also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:17]

very slippery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:19]

and I don't I've had a I've had a silicon case in the back the past. I don't remember that being a thing. Right. So I don't know. I want to I went with my usual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:28]

black leather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

Missus Lemon had done a blue leather

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:32]

previously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:33]

and that one wore very poorly, like, the color started to come off. Mhmm. So, you know, I I wasn't gonna go down that route. She didn't wanna go down that route. She didn't wanna do the black. She didn't wanna do the brown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:43]

She ended up with an Otterbox,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

all also clear, but with, a a pink bumper around it. So you can still see the the beautiful device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:51]

But I don't know, man. Like, it's it's just I've there's a there's a matte

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

look to the black one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

that I just don't I don't find appealing. Like, this is not the most beautiful iPhone to me. The 10 s, I think, was actually a a more beautiful phone if you can believe it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:10]

think of it like a Star Trek thing. Sorry. I didn't quite catch I hit Siri there. Did you hear Siri? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

Here's device. Our Yeah. Can you you can see I'm I'm showing you the That's reflective. I can see your computer screen. Well, that's the 10 s.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:28]

This is the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

the new 11 Pro. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:32]

get it. You can see there, it's like, it's not it's not black. It's it's matte.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:38]

Right. It's almost like a space gray. It's close to space gray than black, and I I I don't It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

not bad, but I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

I I really think the 10 s was a gorgeous phone. Like, the Right. The actual physical device was unbelievably beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:54]

So you're trade it in for a green one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:57]

No. I still you know, I should've looked at the store today to see what those look like in person. Our friend of the show, Patrick,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

his boss, I guess, got one and said it looked pretty pretty slick. I just it's just a weird color to me. I I don't know. I like the neutrals. I really do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:13]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:15]

Alright. Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

that an episode? I think that's an episode, John. We'll talk to you next time, buddy. Later, man.

