---
title: The Impossible Episode
episode: 58
date: 2019-08-15T14:49:57.000Z
slug: the-impossible-episode/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The episode delves into John Colmire's financial strategies, focusing on his
  approach to paying off debt and saving for long-term goals like retirement. He
  shares personal anecdotes and offers insights on budgeting, planning, and
  prioritizing expenses. By sharing his own experiences and expertise, John
  provides a relatable and practical guide to managing finances.
keywords:
  - mortgage payoff strategy
  - budgeting for big purchases
  - entertainment on a budget
  - the importance of saving for long-term goals
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So I guess this episode drops on a special day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

Special

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

is debatable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

You know, Stan, I'm not a big birthday fan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

I mean, this birthday of mine when I turned 30 back in May was exceptionally wonderful because of my wonderful wife.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:46]

But otherwise, birthday is kinda just another day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

Alright. Well, anyhow, when this episode drops on the fifteenth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

it will be somebody's Fifteenth. 40 birthday. I did not look at the calendar in advance. So I'm not going to take credit for this, John. You wrote it in the notes, and you're going to say what it is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

It is my father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

pastor Mark Buto's birthday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Alright. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

Mark, if you're listening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:13]

happy birthday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

You're old. Happy birthday. He is old.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:18]

He's older than you, Stan. Yeah. He is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

He may be the oldest closest friend I have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

or the closest oldest friend I have, depending on how you wanna order those words. Really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Alright, John. That's that's freaky. I'm sure that you're gonna make him feel real great right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

You tell, take the day off, play some games.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

We might even be able to, like, orchestrate a game of carcasson over

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

Oh, now we're talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Alright. Haven't done that in years. So I'm curious. You were bullish on the Apple Card. Yeah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

Bullish. I was not overly interested in the Apple Card when it was announced. I thought you were interested in it. I'm pretty sure that on an episode of this podcast, you said you were interested in it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

Interesting. If a listener can go find that, if you're that listener,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

I will recant. But I don't remember being excited about it. The only person I remember being excited about it originally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:18]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

Patrick Sturtevant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

let's let's just go with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:25]

Alright. Sure. Did you Yes, Dan. Did you I'm so excited. I'm probably not gonna get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

Did you hit the notify me button, though? Because I got an email today letting me know I did not. That apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

I I didn't realize this. I used the email address that I actually used, not my Apple ID for the notification email,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

and they sent me an email Should we give that out? No. I used to give my cell phone number out on podcast before I met a girl. Alright. Moving on. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

I I got a notification, though. So it sounds like they're dropping. I'm just curious. Are you're not gonna mess with it at all?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Not initially. No. Okay. See, I'm planning on it. I'm all ready to go for it, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm gonna get one. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

they're, like, point based system,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

and you get, like, an insane percentage on all your purchases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

I don't think it's insane. I think it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

It's, like, 2% or whatever. Don't even think it's two percent. It might just be a flat one, but it's a flat percentage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

I don't believe there are caps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

which is kind of the nuance with all the other things. Like Discover, right, will match two or 3%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

on something, but it'll be a specific category,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

excuse me, category

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

shopping,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

and then only up to a certain limit over a given month. So it's really nuanced, and that was kind of their thing like, we're taking all the nuances off the table. We're just gonna give you a rate. Here's what it is. Oh, I know what it is, John. It's 1% of everything. It's 2% when you use Apple Pay, and it's 3% if you buy something at Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

And it's just that it's that across the board.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

Got it. So Cool. I'm I'm interested. I I won't lie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

The card looks cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:05]

No number on the card. There is no number on the card. And they've got a really cool

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

tracking app. Yes. At least it still looks cool. Exactly. And that's the thing that I may I might be the most interested in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

we'll see. It doesn't integrate with Mint or any of those other tracking services. That's okay. Mint is dead to me. Oh, really? Figure out my main checking account integration again. Your your bank your bank was the problem there. Although I will say Yeah. I've had a lot of problems with Mint syncing lately, so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

I'm less bullish on it than I was before too. So there's that. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:41]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

Is bullish your word of the week? Because that is at least the third time I've heard you say it this week. I wouldn't say that I'm bullish on bullish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

but I might be bullish on bullish. No. I I don't know. I actually don't know why I'm saying I I just read my Investopedia,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

newsletter, so that might be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

why it's on the tip of my tongue right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:02]

Yep. Ready to make your move to Wall Street. Yeah. Here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

Hang on to your pants. Okay, John. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

This this will be known forever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

episode 58, as

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

the impossible episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

The impossible episode? Yes. Because we did Episode impossible. We did something quite impossible

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

to our bodies this last week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Me not as much as you, but yeah. Yeah. I I definitely pushed over the limit. Alright. So here's here's the backstory. First of all, before we, get too far into this, I'd like to just say thank you to this episode's sponsors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

The products consumed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

in the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

the the pre gaming of this episode

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

purchased by Dwayne Longmire and his and his lovely wife,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

parents of deaconess Sarah Longmire in Saint Louis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

Missouri.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

They bought both the Whopper and the Impossible Whopper that I consumed. Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:01]

I bought my own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

Yeah. I don't know what to tell you there, John. But but shout out to our podcasts for sponsors. Thank you very much, Longmire Nation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

Alright. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

didn't say that part when I told you Do they all listen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

Dwayne told me that he got to about the point when we were talking about mortgages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

So in his world, you still haven't bought a house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

It's okay. We are very binge listenable. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty much pretty much describes my life. Alright. So here's here's the deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

My

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

my dear friend, colleague at work, my boss,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

Eric Berg, suggested to me that I try the Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:47]

He is Does he listen?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

I honestly don't know. I've never gotten a real good clear answer from him. He he asked because that would that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:54]

would add a whole new level of this and give me lots of enjoyment. Please tweet at me if you do listen to every episode, and let me make Stan let me make Stan say something stupid. So so I don't think he tweets, so good luck with that. But Man. But here's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

Berg is real into I was about to say bullish, but I I stopped myself. Berg is real into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

alternative meats at the moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

and Right. He tried the Impossible Whopper. First of all, I should say, I if if you looked at Berger on the street, you probably wouldn't say, there's the guy that goes to Burger King. But lo and behold, apparently, Berger's the guy that goes to Burger King.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:33]

Alright. And he tried the Impossible Whopper. He may have gone just solely because of the Impossible Whopper. I'm not entirely sure. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

he texted me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

and he sent me a screenshot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

of him ordering the Impossible Whopper and told me that I had to try this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

And then he kept bringing it up. Like, over a a probably thirty six or forty eight hour period, he texted me several times about the Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

And he told me that when I go to Saint Louis, I need to just go out of my way and try the Impossible Whopper. He even suggested that I try the Whopper challenge, which I I don't know if it's a real thing. He might have just made it up for all I know. But he basically said, I should try a Whopper and an Impossible Whopper side by side

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

and see what I thought. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

And you did. I did. So I I spun this to my family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:21]

My kids were beyond excited to go to Burger King. I I like Really? We don't do a lot of fast food, and my son loves him a hamburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

So there's another story about my son and hamburgers. Remind me to tell you when we're done with this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

So so we went to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

the Burger King. I I don't remember the last time I was in a Burger King, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:44]

I like, I mean, for me, it's been over five years for sure, because I'm pretty sure I haven't been to one in Iowa before you made me go. I I don't think I've been in one or excuse me. I don't think that I've been to one in either Indiana or Pennsylvania.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

So Yeah. So we're we're talking over a decade. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:01]

Maybe not even that. Right? Like, it's been a while. Yeah. Because, mean, you had all those cool Chicago places to go hang out at. Gene and Jude's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

Johnny's. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:12]

All that stuff. Johnny's. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

I went and I ordered a Whopper and an Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

And I will first tell you that the lady looked at me puzzled one because I I'm I'm fairly sure. Puzzled because I was ordering both.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

But when I said Impossible Whopper, she actually said, are you sure?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

I was like, yeah. Of course, I'm sure. Why wouldn't I be sure?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

So I got both of these. They were roughly the same size.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

Yep. And I I posted the video online

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

of my kinda intro. Right? I also posted the video after I was done, after I removed my blindfold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

And before this episode drops, I will post the video of me actually trying them. You've seen that video. Correct?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

Maybe. Did you send it to me? I'm pretty sure I sent you a video of me eating the Whoppers, John. Did you not watch that video? I think I did see it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:05]

And I'm I'll just I'll say this, and then then I wanna hear a little bit about your experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

It was not what I expected. I expected a very different outcome

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

than I than I experienced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

Alright, John. Tell me about Alright. Your Impossible Whopper experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:22]

you tell me that I have to go get this Impossible Whopper before we record this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

Are you kidding me? Why are we doing this? You're joking. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:44]

Okay, John. Continue. Yeah. That's pretty much pretty much how it went down. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

I don't have a TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:50]

I don't really listen to the radio.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

I'm not the target market to receive online ads, apparently. I had no idea what this Impossible Whopper was or that it was a thing. Did you know did you know about Impossible meat?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

I wouldn't have called it that. No. I mean, it's like a whole brand, John. Like, it's a it's a brand. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

Are you familiar with Beyond Meat? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:14]

I I'm familiar with, like, veggie burgers. Oh my gosh. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

wow. I don't even know what alright. So maybe we need to stop and provide some explanation because this your cluelessness is concerning to me. Did you look this up before you go try and went and tried it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:30]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

I trust you, Stan. And if they're serving it at Burger King, probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

won't kill me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

So you mean to tell me that you went to Burger King and you ordered an Impossible Whopper having no idea what you were consuming?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

Oh, thank That that is Thank God you're not allergic to soy, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

I'm not allergic to anything, so I don't really even think of those. Did you look it up after the fact, or do I need to actually tell you what the impossible was? To tell me what this is. I like, this is apparently a bigger deal than I thought it was, and maybe it will make more sense. Oh, my word. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

Wow. I was this is not how I was expecting this episode to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

Impossible Foods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

makes alternative meat products. These are these are meats that are made or excuse me. I you don't wanna call them meats. They're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

they're made from plant material. Right? But they're designed to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

look and feel like meat. Alright? So Got it. In the case of the Whopper, right, you got a mostly soy based product

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

that Okay. Was designed to look like a Whopper patty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

What's interesting to me right now is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

arguably the hottest IPO in 2019

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

was a company called Beyond Meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

Beyond Meat is the, like, number one competitor to Impossible Foods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

There's this whole kind of emerging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

both science and trend around,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

meat alternatives.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

In the old days, we did veggie burgers, which were largely, like, bean based. Right? Right. Or they they were something that had the shape of a burger, but we're not trying to be meat. Right? They weren't trying to look and taste like meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

Impossible Foods is trying to look and taste like meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

And the the whole premise of the Impossible Whopper is there's no beef

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Right. But you're not supposed to know that. That much I knew. Okay. Alright. Well, that's that's good. I knew that it wasn't beef. Good. Because I'm pretty sure the logo says 0% beef. Right? Right. Okay. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

wasn't really sure this is going. Alright. That that part I knew. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

what I think is interesting, Burger King is kind of going mainstream with this whole Impossible Foods thing. They are really on the cusp of this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

I don't know if this is a short term thing, a long term thing, what the deal is, but at least right now, they have it. They seem to have it broadly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

and I I don't know. Like, I I dig it. Right? Like, I'm I'm I don't have an issue with beef, me personally. I know some people do. That's fine. I'm not like, this episode is not about that whole side of the equation. It's just like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

does does this taste like meat? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:11]

I you know, this is interesting to me. The the Beyond Meat product, the only places that I know of by me that has it are TGI Fridays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

Carl's Jr. Is the only fast food place that I know that has it. So Impossible Foods is already a 100% more accessible to me, at least, than Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

Beyond Meat, which I think is interesting. Now, will say, I'm gonna try Beyond Meat here probably this weekend because this whole Impossible experience made me very curious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:41]

Alright. So you got So You got the Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

I got the Impossible Whopper. Did you order it just as they ship it, or did you Absolutely. Okay. You did I did not have it my way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

Unfortunately,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

I made a a big error here in that I didn't order it with cheese because I forgot that, like, you got the Whopper, then you got the Whopper with cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

So my my Impossible Burger was cheeseless, unfortunately. I didn't get cheese either. This is, I think, an interesting nuance to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

Burger King. Right? The default burger at, say, McDonald's comes with cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

You have to, like, go out of your way not to order a cheeseburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

At Burger King, it's the opposite. You have to go out of your way to order a cheeseburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

Everything else is just a Whopper. Right? It's not a cheese Whopper. A Whopper in and of itself does not include cheese. So I knew that going into this. I decided that cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:36]

has the ability to hide the flavor of meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

Like, when you think about a hamburger. Right? A a a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

mediocre hamburger with a great slab of cheese is probably still a good hamburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

Right. And I didn't want the cheese to distract from that. So I I was Got it. Fully cognizant of the cheese experience. So we are comparing apples and apples when we talk about this. Yep. We are, John. Alright. Tell me, did you like your Impossible Whopper?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

Yeah. I thought it was fine. I thought that it tasted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

surprisingly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:07]

what I thought a Whopper tasted like. I mean, like I said, it's probably been eight years since I've had one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

But, yeah, overall, I wasn't turned off by the taste at all. I did like, the patty itself

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:20]

looked different than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:22]

what I would expect the Whopper patty to look like. Oh, interesting. In what way?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

Like, it had this really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

kinda, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

I don't know, like, smooth edge,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:34]

whereas

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

Whoppers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

aren't as smooth. So it was Like, kinda cookie cutter. Okay. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

that's that's an interesting observation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

I did not notice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

that difference as much in my Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

I had eaten about half my Whopper before I took off my blindfold, so I might have missed that part. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

So let me ask you this. If someone had just handed you an Impossible Whopper on the street and said, eat this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

would you have known that it wasn't beef?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

I don't think so. Yeah. I don't think so either. And that's what surprised me the most. Like, I I legitimately thought that I was gonna be able to call a spade a spade. And if I had had this thing by itself, I don't think I would have been able to tell that it wasn't beef.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

Right. Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

I I've yet to be able to decide if that is really really cool or really really disturbing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

You know? Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

It it harkens me back a little bit to the whole Taco Bell meat filler thing where you didn't know you weren't eating meat. You know? Right. Obviously, it's not that bad. Like, I'm not trying to say it's that bad. I'm just like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

there's this whole element of uncertainty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

that I'm just not quite sure how to reconcile at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

But Yeah. I mean, I've been,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:49]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:51]

I've been trying to move away from, like, super processed things. So like bread, I make myself usually if I'm gonna eat bread.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:01]

yeah, like, if you're gonna go eat a Whopper, yeah, it's still gonna be pretty processed ground beef. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

apples I mean, it it's there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:11]

What I found surprising was that the Impossible Whopper was only, like, 30 calories less than the regular Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

Yeah. There's a marginal difference. So I my take is you're not eating this Whopper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

because For health reasons. Yeah. Well, no. No. No. I wouldn't say that. I don't think you're eating it because you want less calories, unless that 30 calories is somehow making or breaking you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

I I also don't think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

like, the the I this this burger is not less processed by any stretch. Right? Like, there's a lot of science behind this. I'm not saying that's bad, but if you're using the process heuristic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

this is not where you land.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

So here sorry. So here here's here's the deal. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

I was blindfolded.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

I didn't know which Whopper I was being handed by my daughter at which point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

I took a bite of the impossible Whopper, and initially, I was like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

I I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

if this is the impossible or not. Like, I I really was completely clueless. It was not until I took the bite of the second burger that I felt confident.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

And my confidence had nothing to do with taste

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

or texture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

It was a 100% moisture content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

Yeah. I was gonna say, like, the real Whopper's gonna be greasier. Right? It wasn't even greasy. Like, I I wouldn't have said it was greasy. It was just wetter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

And so I don't know if that was the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

the thing that I'm curious about is, was this a one off? And I wouldn't say that the Impossible Whopper was dry. Was yours dry? No. Okay. Like, I I thought it was comparable to a Whopper from what I remember a Whopper tasting like. Yeah. So so mine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

was moist. It just wasn't as moist as the Whopper, and that that was honest to God, the only way that I could distinguish a difference between the two. That and the fact that the lady who made the impossible Whopper put maybe just a little bit too much mayonnaise on it, but, you know, what are you gonna do with that. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

Shape, size, all the same. Felt the same in my hands. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

I I really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

I was shocked at how similar they were. I really was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

For for the record,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

I ate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

all of the Impossible Whopper,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

and I ate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

all of the Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

And it was also the only meal I had that day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

Because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

1,400

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

calories later

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

I did not Did you get a side of fries? No. No. No. And I didn't Drink a soda. Drink a Coke. Nope. Didn't do that. It was just two Whoppers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

and the lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:49]

I I thought about getting fries, but I did not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:53]

just because I'm curious what Burger King fries taste like these days. Oh, dude, Burger King fries have never been good. Mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

I I have no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

positive experiences

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

in the past. No good memories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

of Burger King fries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

I would love if Impossible Foods would make a french fry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

that didn't suck,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

and then somehow got Burger King to sell that too. So if anybody from Impossible Foods happens to be listening, slim chance,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

please come up with a fry substitute,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

sell that with the Impossible Whopper. I will buy that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:28]

Alright, John. Last question. Last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

question on the Impossible Whopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

Would you ever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

order an Impossible Whopper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

again?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

Chances are slim.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

Okay. Okay. Just because you don't go to Burger King or because I like, the only time I'm gonna go to Burger King is if you tell me to or if I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:54]

driving to Indianapolis and there's only a Burger King next to a gas station. So Okay. But in this situation, the Impossible Whopper is ordered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:02]

Do you do you get it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

Probably would not be my first choice. Okay. But maybe I might try it with cheese just because I'm intrigued to see if see if I have a similar experience once the novelty and marketing campaign has worn off. There you go. Alright. Well, that's that's something to think on. I will probably try this again. I will probably go out of my way to try another Impossible Whopper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

at a Burger King. You know what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:26]

else we should have done while we were there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:29]

What? Burger King milkshake. Oh, yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

so we did have a discussion about this, at least my crew, as we went into Burger King. I was very clear with everyone that there was no universe in which I could do two Whoppers and a milkshake in the people sitting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

I I will I will know Challenge accepted. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

will note the Whopper is a pretty sizable hamburger. Like, I forgot how big it was, you know? You're getting It's called the Whopper, Stan. Yeah, man. It's legit. It's legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

Alright, Jeff. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:03]

I think that's all the food we have to talk about today. Oh, Lord. I hope podcast became about food. I I'm still not fully recovered from my double Whopper situation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:12]

Yeah. Eat a salad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:14]

Although, I guess an impossible Whopper would be soy never mind. Yeah. Let's not go there. Let's not go there. So you said you were in Saint Louis for this, Burger King.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:24]

What were you doing in Saint Louis, and why didn't know you know you were gonna be there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

You did know I was gonna be there. You just didn't remember. I was going for deaconess Longmire's installation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

at Lord of Life LOL

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

in, I think, Chesterfield,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

Missouri.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

But, that was on Sunday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

We did the whole Burger King thing in the morning

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

on Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

Saturday evening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

I saw the Pirates lose to the Cardinals.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:49]

Well, the Pirates have been losing to just about everyone after their strong start to the season that got you back into baseball. Yeah. We're the I think for the we've for the worst baseball team post break right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

And I I'm not even sure that we're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

it like, I I think the the second worst is doing way better than we are. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

it hurts. It hurts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

But this is my kid's first, Major League Baseball game. We had pretty decent seats.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:18]

And, yeah, it's it's pretty good. Busch Stadium, not a bad stadium.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

Did you find parking?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

Yeah. Actually, parking wasn't that bad. We parked across from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

a place called, O'Paddy's or Patty Patios. Patios. That's what it's called. Patty, p a d d y.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

It's pretty good. You know? It Yeah. It worked, and it wasn't it didn't break the bank. It was as affordable. Parking went

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

down there,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

man, several years ago when the Brewers were making a playoff run. We drove down for brewers cardinals game, and we parked in the garage,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:54]

and I remember it being fairly affordable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

Yeah. It wasn't bad. I will say once we got into the park, the food was outrageous. Like, as far as major league baseball parks go, St. Louis is not competitive at all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

especially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

on the beer front, which most were Bush products.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:10]

I mean, that that whole aspect of it. What's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

Any Budweiser?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

Oh, yeah. Everywhere. Every time. Budweiser is a Bush product. Anheuser Busch. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's all also drink any of it. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

thanks be to God. At some point in time, Anheuser Busch bought Goose Island, and they had a Goose Island small batch on draft at one location in the March.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

Got a decent beer there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

But Nice. I I do have a funny story. So get this. The whole the whole, like, going to the ballpark thing was comical because Henry challenged me when he found out we were going to Saint Louis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

to to see if the Pirates, you know, were playing the cardinals. I told him there was no universe in which this would happen. Sure enough, it happened. Then he's like, well, can you check for tickets? I told him there's no universe in which I can find eight tickets for our group at a reasonable price. So it's last minute. Sure enough, I found eight tickets reasonably priced last minute with a good view.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

So we get there, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

our

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

second baseman, Frazier, gets up to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

bat first pitch. Right? And Henry goes, he's gonna head a home run, and I'm gonna scream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

And, of course, like, that doesn't happen, especially not with the the team that is playing the worst after the break in the whole league. Right? It just doesn't happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Sure enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

that man hit a home run. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

all of these cardinal fans in our section turned and looked at Henry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

you know, go go take him over to the fifty fifty raffle and get the kid a ticket, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

We we stayed through the eighth. We it was a great game, or I guess we left at the bottom of the seventh. But it it was great great great game to watch. It was fun all around. Kids had a good time. First MLB game in the bag.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

Kids all stay awake? Yeah. Actually, everybody did. Everybody was still engaged. Henry was asking questions constantly. He was Nice. Super engaged. It was great. It was it was really I had a really good time with with them at the ballpark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

Did you teach him how to keep score?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

No. Because I don't know how to keep score. That's, like, that's on my bucket list of things that I wanna learn how to do. You've been going to lots of baseball recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

I wouldn't say lots. I've been going to some baseball. Yeah. Do you know how to score a game?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

Yeah. I'd have to look up, like, weird things still. But Okay. Alright. So here's here's your goal. You need to come out here before the Indianapolis Indians Teach you how to score? Yeah. Before the Indianapolis Indians are done with their season, and you can teach Henry and I how to score. I'll buy the beer. Alright. You bring the pencils.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

Sounds good. There's probably an app for that. Probably. But that that would take the fun out of it, John. I want I would. I want paper

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

and pencil. Number two pencil. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. That's I've seen guys do that, and I'm always jealous. I just it I don't know what it is. There's something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

just You gotta it makes you pay a whole lot more attention to the game. Oh, for sure. For sure. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

So that's good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

Is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

you aren't that far from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Great American Ballpark, are you? Not a little over an hour. Straight up the road, 74. We live right off 74, so that's a that's an easy drive. I don't think the pirates will be back there yet this season. We just missed a visit that they had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

You know? So we'll catch them next year. I normally, in the past, since we've been in Indiana, we've been pretty consistently getting at least a game down there, and this year we haven't. So just kinda the way the cookie crumbled.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:34]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:35]

Oh, cool. I haven't been to a Major League Baseball game this year. I did go to one last year at Miller Park, but I am about four hours from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

six

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:47]

MLB stadiums.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

Well, there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

Sounds like you need to make the rounds. Is missus Colmire into baseball?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

Missus Colmire would go with me. I definitely need to get her to Miller Park because Miller Park is a beautiful place to watch baseball game. I I figure, like, there's a lot of math in baseball. If you if you get her, like, deep down in the weeds of it, I think she would get she would get a kick out of that. Definitely the nerd sport. Yep. No doubt. No doubt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

Alright. You posted a blog. You have not posted a blog yet this week. Hopefully, there's one coming.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

But you actually spilled the beans on how you and missus Lemon paid off your mortgage. Spilled the beans is a really loose term. So I I'm not gonna do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

I'm not gonna do justice to this whole article. We can link to it and people can read it. But the reason I I posted is because after I made this kind of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

obscure post

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

with a picture of us in front of our home and our mortgage visual visualization completely colored in. A bunch of people asked, how did you do it? And a lot of people asked, do we use the Dave Ramsey method?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

And the short answer to the Dave Ramsey bit is no. Right? I I mean, maybe some of the methods overlap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

I I don't know. Like, I've never read a Dave Ramsey book. I've listened to maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

two hours of his podcast in total in my life, and there were always episodes you linked to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

So I I don't I can't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

I can't point back and say, yeah, we did the Dave Ramsey way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

But I I did outline, I think, some of the things that we we did. Right? And I don't I don't think they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

crazy complex. Right? It basically comes down to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

you you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

you know, you budget

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

or you you get a payment that is less than you budget for. Right? So, you know, if you take out a mortgage for $900 a month, you budget for a thousand, and you throw that extra 100 at your principal every month. And then every time you get extra cash, right, you get a bonus at work, or if you're in every two week pay period. This is something I didn't call out in the article, but this is actually a good point. A lot of people get paid every two weeks rather than Yep. Twice a month. In that situation, there's, like, what, two four times a year that you get Two. You get an extra paycheck. Take that whole paycheck and throw it at the mortgage. That's a great strategy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

Throw that at the principal to help pay it down. So but but, basically, you know, extra cash and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

budget beyond what your payment is, and you'll you'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

you'll wait at that principle with time. And so that's that's kinda like, I think, the crux of the strategy that we took. I don't know. Would you say I articulated that fairly?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

So I have a question. Go for it. Why not take those extra

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

extra cash that you have around and buy a boat or go to Disney World? So for the record, I bought a boat. I bought two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

the kayaks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

And I did go to Disney World. Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

part of that was paid for by family as a gift. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

asterisk there. Why why not do those things? Those things are fine. Like, it's not like we paid extra down on the house and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

didn't do things as a family or didn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

enjoy ourselves. Right? Like, I I think we are pretty controlled in some of the things that we spend our money on. Right? Like, I'm I'm wearing a plain gray T shirt I got for $10 on Amazon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

that I have basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

worn religiously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

over the last five years. You know? I don't spend a lot of clothes, as an example.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

But we we have fun. You know, we take trips. We've had pretty big trips to Traverse City last couple years as a family. Those things aren't cheap. We save for those. Right? We budget for those too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

I think it all comes down to balance

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

and moderation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

and targeting what you want.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

So if I am let's use the word thrifty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

Over the course of this month,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

I can set something aside for, say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:51]

in May, if I wanna go to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

I I don't know, Gulf Shores with my family. You know, that kind And of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

I think it's about pacing yourself and being patient. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

If if you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

pace yourself and are patient, you can still have fun and pay down your mortgage. At least that's that's the angle that we've taken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

We could be more compulsive in what we buy. We just we aren't, and I think that has kinda played into all this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

But you are not tightwad either. I mean, you spend much more freely than I do. Yeah. Well, you are the, like, very if you look up tightwad in the dictionary, you got a picture of John Colmire there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

You know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

I'm very fortunate. I'm not gonna, like, sugarcoat that. Right? So I I've been in a put in a good position

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

to do what we did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

and still have fun while we do it. And and I realize not everybody is that fortunate, and and and then I get that. I think these heuristics, if you will, these kinda patterns that we use,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

are applicable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

for a a large swath of people. There are some people that are are you know, they've kinda budgets that are too tight. This is just impossible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

I get that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

I will say, and I I did mention this in the post,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

Sarah and I had an unfair advantage in some respects,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

when we we tackled our first piece of debt. Because we got married, we had zero college debt. Right? Right. Between scholarships and our parents,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:16]

all of that was covered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

And we I mean, thank you, mom, dad, mom in law, dad in law, all of that. Like, I I I said in an article, that's a big,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

big factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

A lot of people don't get to start off like that. And, you know, we could probably spend a whole episode talking about student debt,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

probably more than one episode. But the bottom line is, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

that allowed us to focus on our mortgage far earlier than if we had gotten or if we'd left school, gotten married, and had loans to pay down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:46]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

And you aren't gonna call us out, so I will and put you over your thirty five minute mark. You might have to find something to cut out. But you're also very generous. When I go visit the lemons,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:58]

spend money on the gas to get there, and that's pretty much it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

Well, that's because we like it when you come, John. That is not an open more if Anna came. But Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Just dear listener, that's not an open invitation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

If you come, it's not like a a blank check, just for the record. No. I mean, like so those are the kind of things that we save up for though. Right? So we enjoy having guests. We enjoy entertaining.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

You know, we we set money aside so that we can have fun with our friends.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

Those things are intentional. They're intentional expenditures that we plan for. Same thing with, like, church and, you know, helping out missionaries like pastor Fritzy. Those kind of things. Right? And I think it it comes back down to that other blog article I wrote, and things something we've talked about a lot is just budgeting and plan. Gotta have a plan. Gotta have a plan. And and, you know, you've you've coined the term, and I've stolen it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

without shame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

You know, budget gives you permission to spend money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

Right. And and that, I think, is is really the key. And so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:59]

you know, if if you go

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

at your finances that way, you will enable yourself to do things that seem kind of impossible right now, like pay off your mortgage earlier.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:09]

So Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

We aren't that far over. Should we cut it off now? Yeah, John. This is a this is a great episode. We we we we can tie a little bow on it. It's the impossible episode. It'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

be great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:23]

Alright. Oh. We'll see you guys next week. See you, John.
