---
title: New Year's Resolutions and Note-Taking Apps.
episode: 24
date: 2018-12-27T16:19:26.000Z
slug: new-years-resolutions-and-note-taking-apps/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode, the hosts discuss various to-do list and productivity apps,
  including Wunderlist, Microsoft To Do, Things, Omnifocus, and Apple Reminders.
  They share their personal experiences with each app and weigh their features,
  functionality, and user interfaces. The conversation also touches on the
  importance of prioritizing feature sets and having a seamless user experience.
keywords:
  - Wunderlist
  - Microsoft To Do
  - Things
  - Omnifocus
  - Apple Reminders
  - productivity apps
  - to-do list management
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Hey there. This is Lemon. First, thank you so much for taking the time to listen to John and Mai's podcast. I still find it a little surreal that anyone besides John's sister Elizabeth tunes in each week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:11]

So we are hot on the hills of Advent, which means Christmas is not too far behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:17]

Advent reminds us that Jesus is coming via manger in Bethlehem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

and we rejoice with the whole Christian church at this miracle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

God made manifest for us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:27]

It's common this time of year to have a special emphasis on giving back. In that spirit, John and I wanted to take the opportunity from now until the end of the year to raise support for our friend, pastor Joel Fritchie, and his family who are serving in The Dominican Republic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Here's the deal though. As awesome as it would be for us to just say, hey, go give some holiday cheer to Fritsche via your checkbook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

We want to sweeten the deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

So the first 25 folks who donate $50 or more and let us know about it, either via Twitter, Facebook, or email, will receive a complimentary three by three life with a twist of lemon sticker from Sticker Mule as a thank you from us for your donation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Oh, but it gets better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

I will also personally match any donation that we know about up to $1,000.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

You can donate direct to pastor Fritzsche at l c m s dot o r g slash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

f r I t

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

s c h e.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

That's l c m s dot o r g slash f r I t

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

s c h e, or swing by twistoflemonpod.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

and we'll link to it on our front page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

All donations are a 100% tax deductible,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

which means that even if you don't like Fritzsche or even John or I for that matter, you still win. Stickers and tax deductions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

What's more not to love?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

If you donate and you want a sticker or just for the donation to be matched, let us know by sending us a screenshot showing you donated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

There's more info on the website, and thanks again for listening, and enjoy the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Drums,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

Alright, John. So my hope is that by the time this episode is released, we will have met

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

our match.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:42]

Meaning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

the full $1,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

will have been matched for pastor Fritzy. I will have unloaded a few more stickers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

but most importantly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

we will have finished

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

the thousand dollar match. We are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

a $150

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

away at the time of this recording. Correct? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

And who's winning in the race between us?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

Depends on how you count.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

think Alright. By my count,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

we would be tied if we take all of the current listed donors

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:16]

at their word,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

which means you got full credit for my father-in-law,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

and I got full credit for Dan Angle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Yeah. I I just for the record,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

that was not fair, Dan, if you're listening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:30]

alright. But we got a $150 left. You do not to give $50, so that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

Yeah. In the end, pastor Fritzy wins, and everybody who gets a life with a twist of lemon sticker wins.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

So you do not have to give $50

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

in order to get the match. $50 gets you a sticker. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

if you wanna give $10,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

I'll match that too. All you gotta do is let me know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

You can find out more on twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

In the top right corner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

there is a link that says support Fritzy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

Right? That's what it says?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

Yeah. So in the nav guard navigation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:10]

bar, it says support Fritzy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

git sticker,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

and then there's, like, a support pastor Fritzy thing in the sidebar too on every page. If you look towards the right hand of the screen, you'll see it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:21]

Alright. So we're gonna do this to the end of the year. I am really hoping we meet this match. There's a rumor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

that, push comes to shove,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

mom lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

might pinch hit the the closeout, but I would really love it if we could get some other givers in there and, help pastor Fritzy out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:41]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

I'm pretty pleased with how this went, all in all. Like, I I feel pretty good about it. You know, was a little skeptical that we'd we'd get this close, but we did, and and I don't know. You secretly identified some of our listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

Yeah. I guess I have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

I don't know if Borgardt actually listens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

Yeah. I'm I'm skeptical on that one. Although, he had an awesome picture on Facebook. He just tagged the wrong page. He did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:08]

And we should try to acquire that page since it's been dormant for four years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Is it can you even do that on Facebook? Like, is that a thing? I'm sure we could probably, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:19]

contact the admin and say, hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:22]

We got this podcast. Can we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

hijack your page title or something like that? Alright. Well, John, make that a New Year's resolution then for yourself. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Do do you do New Year's resolutions?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:35]

Usually, I set certain goals

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

around things that I want to work on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:42]

So for the past couple years, they've been the same about reading more. This year, I utterly failed at that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

I guess I wanted to buy a house this year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

You got that one, buddy. Yep. But it really cut into my reading time. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

and different things like that. One year, it was like, hey. Play a game of chess every day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

And I probably did that, like, 60% of the time,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:05]

but I definitely played more chess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

But you you beat me a 100% of the time that we played.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:11]

I believe that's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

I have only beat you one time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

and it required the assistance of my son, Henry, in order to do it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

Yep. Good times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

We should let chess What are targeting what are you targeting for 2019? What are your goals?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:28]

You know, I haven't really thought about it. Work's been so busy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

So right now, it's kind of get a handle on what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:37]

my budget as a homeowner looks like, and I wanna kinda double down on retirement investing and things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

So they're all financial based at this point? Yeah. I'd say at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

Okay. That's reasonable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

I, you know, I don't I don't typically get into the New Year's resolution thing or the goals, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

A couple years, I did I did decide that I was going to read one book a month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

Right. And I I I tipped that, and I've maintained that. So See, I was cool. I shot for two books a month this year,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

and I started out trying to read

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

the Chernow Washington book, which I still have not completed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:19]

So I think that kinda put a damper on that goal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

It's that's a thick book. See, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

I no longer adhere to the one book

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

a month rule because some of the books I've been reading have just been so monstrous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

Right. As an example, another Chernow book I'm in, right now, House of Morgan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

which is fantastic, by the way, but also, like, super dense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

I just for me, it's like, have I read every day, and, you know, can I mark that off my to do list? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

So Alright. I'm gonna go off script a little bit here and say that we're we're recording last week, if you're listening when this comes out. So my sister, Elizabeth, for those of you who have listened to the Fritzy intro, just texted me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:05]

And if you remember last week, we were talking about eggnog and if it was a cousin of milkshake. So my sister literally just sent me a text message that said, I think you need to make some eggnog while we're all in Wisconsin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

which will be next week around when this airs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:21]

I might try to make that happen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

How many days will you be in Wisconsin?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:27]

that's a difficult question because I'm driving all over the place between Wisconsin and Illinois.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:32]

I will be there at the same time as my sister for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:38]

two and a half days, three days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:41]

So I the thing to keep in mind is you gotta let it ferment for a bit. Right? So you're gonna have to make it and let it sit. K. You you need to do some research. Just make sure that you get it established in time for Elizabeth's arrival so that, you know I feel like a good product. This shouldn't be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

my first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

experience with eggnog is me making it because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:01]

that's just bound to go wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

Well, you will be in the land of, you know, dairy cows. So That's true. Not that I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

eggs are required too, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:12]

you'll you'll be able to get, I think, decent eggnog. So I would I would pursue that. I think, though, you know, if you wanna go out on a limb, you could definitely try to make

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

homemade eggnog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

I think the most expensive part of that process is the alcohol

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

k.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

Which I think is required for homemade eggnog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

I I think there's actually, like, a chemical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

thing that happens that requires alcohol, at least,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:38]

that's what I'm telling myself. So I'm gonna research it, and I guess,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

we'll see what happens. I might end up just going to buy some somewhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

I might try to make my own. We'll see. Worst case scenario, Oberweis makes a really good eggnog. Expensive, but good. Yeah. Overwise is kinda expensive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

Yeah. Well, you know what? I mean, treat yourself. It's Christmas.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:05]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

they have milkshakes too, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

Well, hey. I I'm not saying that you drink the eggnog in the store. I'm saying you go to the store, you get a milkshake, and you get the eggnog to go. Alright. Got it. Anyway There you there's that tangent, and now Liz can say that she has to continue to listen every week because she never knows when she'll be mentioned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

Alright. So no New Year's resolutions for you? No. I don't I don't really do New Year's resolutions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:34]

Like, usually,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:36]

hey. I've been really stationary recently, so I'll just decide

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:41]

that I'll close my move ring on my Apple Watch every day in the month of December.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:46]

So that's kinda what's currently going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

That's fair. That's reasonable. I think the thing that I've always struggled with is I like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:55]

things that are easy to form into habits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

I mean, so often, I think New Year's resolutions tend to be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

not not necessarily habit oriented. I mean, maybe the the outcome

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

can be the product of the habit, but for me, it's like read every day. Right? Journal every day or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

you know, something like that. And and I can form a habit. I can create, like, a routine around it. And I'm not I'm not very like, I don't really have a great routine. I've got a couple things that that, I do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

you know, regularly, but I'm I'm not really as routine oriented as I'd like. Alright. But if it's if it's not if it's not something that I do every day, I have no chance of getting it established. That's just just the way the way things roll.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

So what about bigger goals for 2019, Stan? Do you have any of those?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

I mean, so every year I set a kind of a target for my mortgage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

I'm not gonna reveal numbers on the podcast, John. I know you wanna press me on that, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

I I I've got a new goal. I kinda did some some math crunching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:58]

to get my mortgage to the place that I want it to be. That's that's a big deal for me. Right? That's something that I that I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

Interesting. I guess most of my larger goals tend to be financial too. Right? I've got a a certain target for giving to church that I wanna hit, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

you know, I I feel like I've got a good grasp of the savings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

yeah, flow at this point. So that that one's not really a it's not changing for 2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:23]

And as far as, like, I I moved in April, but I feel pretty good with the budget as far as the new house goes. Nice. In large part because this place is so much cheaper than my last house. Yeah. So And I mean, you've kinda hit all the seasons at this point.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

Yeah. I admittedly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

January or February will probably be colder than it has been. But Yeah. And and I expect to see a bit of a spike in my gas bills, but I I will say this. Thus far, my gas bills have been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

significantly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

lower than I anticipated them being. So That's because it's raining in Iowa on December 20.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

Well There it's there's something wrong with that, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

It is it has been a weird year. We've we've had some cold weather, though. Like, I I I feel like I kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

made sure that my furnace can keep up and all that good jazz. And lord knows that my kids turn on the fireplace

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

way more frequently than I thought they would. So, you know, we've definitely tested out the gas pipes, if you will. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

So yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

Alright, John. I've got a bone to pick with you. Why? What do I do now? Well, couple weeks ago, you razzed me about my home screen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

and you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

compelled me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:39]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

remove

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

the clock app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

and the camera app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

from my home screen. It's this discussion? I I remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

Yeah. Muscle control, buddy. I I go I go to the the clock app and the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

camera app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

and I can't find it. Yeah. So it's not there. So and I I don't like, the thing is it's now been a couple of weeks, so I don't actually know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

what I replaced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

them with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

And it it but it's still like a muscle control problem. So I I did I did do I think you recommended this. I put them in control center so I can get to them with a swipe from the top right. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

still, man, I like, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:21]

Sorry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:23]

man. Yeah. That's just how I've how I've always accessed them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:26]

It's just so so foreign to me. I guess since Is there a flashlight app? Do you use a flashlight app that you actually hit on your home screen, or do you get that from mission control or whatever we call it? Yeah. I that is from the lock screen. The lock screen has it in the bottom left, and I do use that. Oh, you have the fancy new face ID one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

Wait. Wait. Wait. Yours doesn't have the flashlight in the bottom left?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:52]

I have to swipe up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:55]

Really? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

Oh my. I don't I did not realize. Well, I'd say that's a killer feature right there, buddy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:02]

Timed upgrade. See, I was thinking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:07]

going with what was it? Must have been the the 10,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:12]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

I went with the eight instead because I couldn't figure out the stupid face ID thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

I think they've probably worked out some bugs since I looked at it, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

It's it's not perfect, but I do like it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

I would I would recommend a 10 series, whether it's a ten, ten r, 10 s, 10 s max, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

I I I do I do really like my 10 s. I have no regrets. That was a great purchase.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:41]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

so, John, when you sent me a picture of your home screen, you had, like, what? Two icons on it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:48]

I have four. Well, three in the folder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

So does that include the dock, or is that just the dock?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:56]

No. So the dock is separate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:59]

Do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

do you have four icons in the dock? I have four icons in the dock. Which which icons are in your dock, John? I've got messages, calendar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

email,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

and phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

So are those the apps that you use the most?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:15]

I would say so. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

Interesting. And what what is worthy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

of your very naked home screen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:23]

So I've got a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:25]

utilities

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:26]

folder

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

where it's like quick access to settings and things like that. I have Google Authenticator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

one password,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

and the Kindle app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

And the rest of the home screen is empty. So I I assume everything else is on different pages of the springboard?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

That is just so weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

Like, what what made you decide decide to move those off the home screen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:54]

You know, it's been this way so long. I can't even remember. It was probably just to limit noise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:00]

It's like why I keep my desktop clean and my inbox at zero.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

So I too am a clean desktop person. I too am an inbox zero person. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

every single slot on my home screen is occupied.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

There is not a single absent one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

I think that I would probably add some more if I could, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:24]

float them down the right side of the screen or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

Oh, rather than be pinned to the top left? Man,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

I think it's just the middle because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:36]

Do you do you have short thumbs? I do. That's why I hate the big foam screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:41]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

Something everybody just learned about John, you have short thumbs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

Oh. That's why I can't really play piano, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:52]

Oh, interesting. See, I've never played piano, so I I don't I don't know what's actually required there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

Well, anyhow, I've I've been trying now for at least the last week. I I've been thinking I need to go back and put my clock and camera apps back in. They were in my top row. They were in my top right. They were. Yeah. So what tell us what's on your home screen now. Start from the top left.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

Alright. So photos, calendar, notes, reminders.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

K. Top row. Those are all usable apps?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

Yep. They're all apps I use probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

many times a day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

The next row is Dark Sky, which is my weather app of choice. Google Maps, 1Password,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

and the Files app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

Any surprises there, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

Not really. Okay. Alright. That's good. So the next row is the IndieStar app, Pocket And Kindle Okay. And a Bible app. You're grouping,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

kind of. I see a theme there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

Yeah. There's it's like stuff I read. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

Then the next app is or the next row rather is Mint, Amazon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

Paprika three, and CBS Sports.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

K.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:01]

So See, there's certain apps of those that I would never even spend time in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:06]

Like, ones? Oh, Paprika, CBS Sports? So Paprika, I actually bought. I haven't used it a lot yet. Great app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

CBS Sports,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

Andy Star, and the weather, I really don't care about. I usually will ask

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

my Amazon Echo, what's the temperature outside? She'll get me highs and lows,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

And, yeah, I'm good to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

So what's what's in oh, you have another row. I got two more rows. I got I got the big phone, Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

Go. Yeah. So I've got there there's six rows on the 10. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

So the row

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

I guess this is even worse than the situation you're in. So the next row is Overcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

the music app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:49]

WhatsApp,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

Tweetbot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

The following row, Echobee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

Sense,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

day one, and the activity app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:58]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

So I've considered moving overcast to the home screen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

because, like, if I'm driving and it connects to Bluetooth and it starts playing music instead of where I left off in my podcasts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

which I haven't figured out why it does that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:14]

it would be really nice to have Overcast on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

the home screen so I can get to that quickly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:21]

Overcast is nice too because it's got the well, you don't have three d touch, do you? Yeah. I do. I have three d touch. Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

So, you know, you can long press in and control it there too, which is kinda kinda sweet. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Same same with the music app. I I've got I mean, I don't know. Every app that I just rattled off, believe it or not, I'm pretty sure I use every day. Not necessarily for a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

Right. But I I do open it up and peek at what's going on. So How often do you use the search function on your phone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Almost never. Okay. See, there's there's a difference.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:59]

Because I pretty much open everything by search.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

So you type to get to an app every time? Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

Oh, yeah. Not not every time. I mean, like, my normal ones are kind of muscle memory on where they are.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:13]

But if I'm looking for something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

that I don't use every day, then I'll usually search it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

So for the longest time, I only had two pages on the Springboard. I I've recently leaked over to a third. It is what it is. But the top two rows of the next springboard page are just folders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

Yeah. I don't typically do, like, multiple pages in the folders,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

you know? Right. And so that's that's all muscle control for me. I I mean, I just I know where everything's at.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

Yeah. My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

I have two pages,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

three pages total,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

and those could definitely be organized more. There's probably a bunch of stuff that I could go through and delete because I never use it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

But I basically, on the second one, I have a lot of my finance stuff and health stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

Strava and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

Apple Health and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

See, I am pretty,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

I don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

say zealous

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:16]

about app deletion. So if I don't use it, it's gone. I mean, like, if I if I can't recall the last time I opened it up, I just delete it. I don't I don't let that stuff float around at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:28]

So what's your most most recently installed app?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

Oh, that I can answer easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

Solver,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

s or solver. I don't know how you use solver,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

s o u l v e r. So, you you know, I'm kind of a calculator nerd, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:44]

I've been using TideGig forever. Solver has a nice OS 10 app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

and they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

all use documents in iCloud so I can sync. And I had a situation where I was really needing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

kinda like that calculator tape

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

style

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

but I really needed to be able to use a cross device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

And and so I I buckled down and bought silver.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

Silver? Silver? I don't know how you say this. But, it's pretty sweet, and I gotta say it's actually the only time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

I can remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

having used,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

hand off between apps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

yeah, surprises me. Because I I just have never had a reason before, but sold over a couple times now. I've been starting on something then switched device, and it was just worked really great. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:32]

How about you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:34]

Mine was the Lyft app

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

I needed to Lyft a couple weeks. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

Didn't you say buy or did you say download? I said download.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

So what was the last app you bought?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

Paprika.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:48]

Okay. I don't buy a ton of apps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

Yeah. You don't seem like an app buyer kind of guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

I I've gotten better in my old age because every time I I look at a price and I start to grumble, I think to myself, I was just at Starbucks and spent way more than this app is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

So just to try and, like, put things into perspective for myself. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

Speaking

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:11]

of apps I should probably delete, Starbucks app is one of them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

You don't ever go to Starbucks, John? I don't really. I used to, like, use the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

cards and stuff, and you get your stars. I used to dump your stars into a cup. Now they, like, redid the whole star system, and their product isn't really that great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

Yeah. Their product is definitely not that good. I admit to mostly being a blonde Americano guy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

and it's usually, like, in a pinch or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

at this point where I just really need a drink At an airport. Coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

Yeah. Yeah. In the airport, or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

the other one is, like, Sunday morning leaving church. There's a Starbucks along the way, and I can order on my phone. It's so stinking easy My wife has done that. Where she orders on her phone, and then she just walks up and takes her drink. It's awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

Yeah. Yeah. That's so that's what we do, and it's it's just like, it's so convenient. They've definitely got me hooked on coffee I don't particularly care for out of the convenience factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

So Nice. What are you gonna do? You know, it's interesting to me that, yeah, in the apps you listed off,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

there was no to do list,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

and there was no notes. And I would have thought that just kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

in the line of work you are, that those would have been on the home screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

Right. So I'm not a huge phone guy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

So I don't really take notes in meetings on my phone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

I do use my to do list. I'm still using,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

will be sunset at some point

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

when Microsoft gets its act together because Microsoft

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

swallowed them up and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

acquired their talent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

yeah,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:51]

I do have SimpleNote installed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

in the native notes app on my phone, just not things that I use regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

So what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

like, what makes you decide to put a note in SimpleNote versus the native notes app?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

So, generally, I do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

pretty much everything in SimpleNote.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:13]

I will do

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

notes if I need to share it with someone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

By someone, do you mean me?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Or my wife.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:26]

Okay. Well But I'm in good company then. So I'm looking at this, and I have, what,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

seven notes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:35]

that are in the sidebar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:39]

it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

Do you have multiple folders or just the one? I think I might have two folders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

yeah, I don't So this is this is fascinating to me. I don't author a lot of notes necessarily on my phone. Sometimes I'll make minor tweaks or edits or whatever, but I do reference them a ton. Like, I put stuff in there and pull it up just to see, like, okay, what you know, for example, what's the security code at church? Pull that up on a note, that kind of thing. Interesting. Or, you know, what I've got a note I use to track PTO at work. I pull that up. So I do that quite a bit. It's interesting because both you and I are survivors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Evernote.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

And Right. I don't know. How how how long have you been Evernote free?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

At least three years, maybe four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

Yeah. I would say it's probably been about the same for me. I was man, I like, I was an early adopter of Evernote, and I I love that. So you left before I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

Yeah. I left when they wanted to charge me to use it on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:43]

three devices or something like that. Yep. And at the time, I had a work laptop and a personal laptop where I was actively using them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

That was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

so I left

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

in part because of that. There were some other things too that that that bugged me, but the multiple device thing really kinda crippled my usage because, again, like like you, I had two computers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

I had two mobile devices,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

and I was just one over the limit. And I'm I'm sure that's what they wanted. Right? But Right. I I I had been a premium user for a number of years. I had actually paid for a subscription,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:20]

then I I let it lapse, I think, because I was not using as much storage, and that was kind of the main driving driving reason.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

But then the the multiple device thing just got annoying. So Right. I actually went and I converted everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

I mean, everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

And we're talking about thousands of notes that I had amassed in Evernote,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

into markdown,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

into a folder structure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

that, at the time, I was using Dropbox. I don't use Dropbox anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

That that I just stored in there and used it that way. I still have all those markdown notes. They're in iCloud today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

and I largely will fiddle with them using Textastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

Nice. The there's a there's another really good app called OneWriter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

The the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

only problem with it is that it doesn't like, I I can't easily open up things from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

folders that aren't in its container, if that makes sense for iCloud. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

So that gets a little annoying, but that's still a fantastic app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

And then on the desktop, you know, I do all kinds of stuff. But I the bulk of my notes are still in markdown, and then I use Apple notes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

mainly because of the sharing. It's just easy. I mean, it's just really easy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

But Yeah. I could probably use a Evernote replacement again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

I I think that I would probably be more organized especially with project sort of things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:45]

Because right now, I use SimpleNote

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:47]

basically as a place to jot stuff down. I use it differently than I used Evernote.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

Whereas Evernote, I basically set up my whole study plan for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:55]

my COMPTIA certifications

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:57]

and things of that nature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:00]

Have have you ever tried Microsoft OneNote? I have, and the performance sucks everywhere I've ever used it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

That's interesting. I've not had that issue. I just have had a hard time getting my head to wrap around the idea of blocks, editable blocks. Right. It's I think it's a at least my experience has been a it's been a good app. I had a little,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:20]

sync lag,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

I think, that that kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

annoyed me, but I I can't say it's any better or any worse than Apple reminders

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

sync lag. Yeah. But, you know, sync is hard. I I try to give engineers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

a pass in products because sync is just really difficult to do Right. And to do well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

Now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:40]

back in the day, now that I'm gonna switch over into kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:44]

task list items.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:47]

You were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:48]

omni user. Right? OmniFocus?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

Yep. I used the first version of OmniFocus on the iPhone many, many moons ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

Bought it on the desktop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

and I think I bought the iPad version. Think I paid for three distinct versions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

Used them for a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

not with real great success, to be honest. It's a it's a beautiful app. It's it's like a really gorgeous app. I probably would get more mileage out of it today, but when I first used it, it wasn't terribly helpful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:18]

Because I've I've kind of been eyeing that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:21]

but part of it is we have our own project management system at work where all of my work stuff goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:29]

So I can't really justify the cost.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

So I I came to it from OmniOutliner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

I was actually using OmniOutliner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

back in college to make outlines that I was then, you know, writing papers and whatnot from. And there was a set of, like, I don't know if they're Apple scripts or what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

but that allowed you to drive a a list of notes off of OmniOutliner. And that's kinda what became

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

OmniFocus, and then they took it to a whole new level. Right. So that was kinda my segue into it because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

I think I'm I think I'm remembering this correctly. You could create a column in OmniOutliner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

that had checks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

like check marks, and so you could use it for for that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

I think, you know, Omnifocus put a lot of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

weight behind this notion of contexts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:19]

Right. When I used it, and I didn't I didn't really have different contexts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

that I was working in, and I I do now. And that's one of the way reasons I say, like, I might get more mileage out of it today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

Back when I was doing it, my context were pretty, you know, narrowly focused. Like, a a project was the only unit of work in which I thought of things. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

now that's different. Now, I probably could benefit from it, but I'm I'm just I'm kinda past that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

Yeah. You're you're really simple in what you do now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:53]

Native I mean Native notes app,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

Native reminders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

Like Yeah. And I I haven't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

so if you look at my reminders today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

I you'll see, like, each volunteer activity I do has a separate list,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

I have my inbox. And I have one list that I share with Sarah. And it would like, maybe it might sound like a lot because I got the three different, you know, nonprofits I I'm involved with, but it it really isn't in the grand scheme of things. No. I mean, I'm just thinking of all the lists I have in Wanderlust.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

I got it. Do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:31]

you do a lot of nesting? Can you you can nest in Wanderlust. Right? Or is it just folders?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:38]

So they're folders that collect lists, so you can't put there's not a third level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

Yeah. I I don't know. So if I remember right, Omnifocus had a lot of nesting possibilities,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

and I sometimes that was cool. I don't know. I just I've definitely erred on the side of simplicity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

And so when I plug a to do in today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

it's all it almost always has a due date or reminder date, whatever. Right. And so I I believe it or not, I actually most of the time function off of the schedule view in reminders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

Okay. And that's that's kinda how I roll.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:11]

Yeah. So I'm generally on the today view in Wunderlist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

what are you gonna switch over to Microsoft to do? Because that's the that's the replacement. Right? Alright. So I haven't looked at it recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

The killer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

that made it so that I didn't switch when I was looking at it was the shared lists, and they didn't have that functionality built in yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

I wonder if that still is true because I I feel like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:37]

I feel like I saw something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

indicating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

they had shared lists. We should definitely check that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:44]

You know, another one you could take a look at is things. Have you ever looked at things? I've looked at things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

Yeah. That's a beautiful app. I I I dig it. It also syncs with reminders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

So I had things two. I don't have things three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:59]

I feel like my wife has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:01]

things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

There, the App Store, at some point in time, had, like, a free

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

a free day kinda thing, and I picked up

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

at least one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:14]

And by system, I mean, like, iOS, I think. I picked it up that way. Nice. I don't know. There's there's a lot a lot of decent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

to do apps out there. And I think, you know, you've gotta prioritize,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

you know, features, obviously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

but then also where you want to be able to access it. So as an example, right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

if if you want to be able to get to your to do list from a web

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

view, right, that's gonna take things at least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:42]

I think. It's gonna take apps like Things off the table. You know? Right. I think it probably also takes Omnifocus off the table unless they've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

created services to back theirs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

You know, if sync is critical for you, that also kinda limits your options. You just kinda weigh all these things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

and and kinda come up with a a heuristic. For for me, I will say the native Apple stuff is really appealing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

I also you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

I use a lot of Microsoft products, so those are interesting. I thought Wunderlist was, for the most part, a really awesome app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

It's just it's just now been neglected.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:18]

So Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

Have they have they done Siri shortcuts for Wunderlist at all?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

That's that's something else I do a lot. And that's kinda what drove me to Apple reminders is just to be able to say, hey, you know, the thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

add to my to dos or add to my reminders such and such at such and such time. I do that a lot,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

way more than I ever thought I would, but I but I actually take a full advantage of that functionality.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:49]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:50]

Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:52]

I need something that's just gonna tell me what I need to do when I need to do it. Reminders would probably fulfill that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:00]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

yeah. I mean, I should try reminders out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

Here here's another thing that I I don't I don't know how many people realize this, but reminders has, like, a special place in notification center.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

Right. And this is this has always been a killer feature for me too. So when I unlock my phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:22]

right, I see at the very top my reminders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

It is a separate list from notifications.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

Right? And so when something is due, it is basically pinned to my lock screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

Anytime I unlock it, they're there. And there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

I I don't know of any other app that has that kind of privileged place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

in notification center. Right. But hot diggity, I mean, it helps me out a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:46]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

alright, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

I I'm gonna try and figure out a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

New Year's resolution that I can add to my to do list and close it out in the next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:56]

next couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

Sounds good. I'll think on this more when I have time in the car to drive to Milwaukee. So Safe travels, my friend. Yep. Have a merry Christmas. I guess this airs after Christmas. So happy New Year. After.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

Happy New Year.
