---
title: Stan's Going to Disney World
episode: 83
date: '2020-02-13T14:00:37.000Z'
slug: stans-going-to-disney-world/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So John, we're a little off schedule,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

today. This is we're recording this earlier than we normally would because I'm gonna be gone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

starting Monday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

through the following Saturday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

and we don't wanna miss a week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

Correct. We've done that once and only once ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

Yeah. And that it I mean, it didn't seem to disrupt listenership too much, did it? I not that I know because I don't see numbers, but you do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:49]

Nope. That did not kill any any listeners

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

Okay. Unlike our weeks and weeks of endgame

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

lead up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

Yeah. Well, I was gonna say, the world needs more nerds. So you wanted to talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

my whole upcoming trip

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

to Disney. Yeah. This is the pre Disney episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

Yeah. So I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

where do you wanna begin my friend? Well, first, I wanna know if you found shoes yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

I I I have found shoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

I am mostly happy at this point. I'm I'm like nervous beyond

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

yeah. I'm nervous beyond all get up. So I took I took,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

Papa Colmire's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

and, and and mama Colmire's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

advice,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

And I made the long haul up to the northern part of the city to the New Balance store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

learned something interesting. It might explain why I heard so many bad reviews about this place. They changed ownership, I guess, in in June.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

for for reasons or whatever. But but anyhow, I, I got there at six. The place is only open till seven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

It's I I don't know. It closes off early. This is also another reason why I didn't didn't go up there because first of all, gotta get in the car at five. It's like the worst. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

you know, didn't have a lot of time. So but I got there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

and I found a pair of shoes. They were stupid expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

I did I did the the whole, like, three d image of my foot. That was interesting. I did the whole gait analysis. It's like the way you walk, whether or you're neutral or pronate or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:32]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

they based the recommendations off of that. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

I these shoes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

fit in terms of, like, they're they're on my feet. And I I realized that a lot of the shoes I was looking at probably had too much free space in them. So. Got it. Yeah. That was that was helpful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

I I got they gave me these, again, stupid expensive insoles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

because I have high arches, which also could explain

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

why I was having such a hard time finding shoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

I am adjusting to the feel of the arches is or the, like, insoles, the arch support is very different. Kind of, like, right now, feels like I've got, a lump under my arch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

I have not ascertained whether or that is a good thing or a bad thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

Have you gone for a test walk in them yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

Well, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

around the house. I haven't really been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

on a prolonged walk. You need to be walking on concrete somewhere. Yeah. So it's hard to do right now Test because the weather. Yeah. Yeah. So the the plan right now, I you can't go to Disney World without a spare pair of shoes. So I'm gonna bring my my beat up Nikes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

my Steelers shoes, as my backups. I'm also gonna bring the original insole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

inserts for these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

just in case that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

appears to be a problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

And we'll see. I'll I get in the airport. I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

walk to my gate. And if I'm miserable by that point, that'll be a good thing. I need to to change something up. But Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

I'm committed at least to the shoes. I I could see a world in which I need to find a different pair of insoles, but who knows? Got it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:08]

So you leave Monday? Fly out Monday straight to Orlando? You didn't ask how many pairs of shoes I tried, John. Do you want me to ask how many pairs of shoes? Is that something? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:18]

you had let me see if I can count. So you had seven originally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

I well, that was the second box.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

So you had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

And I guess it would Five before that and then I also ordered a one off Merrell's and then I ordered a one off Asics and I got another one off from Kohl's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

So Oh, no. I didn't hear about the Kohl's shoes. That's 15 pairs of shoes that I brought home and tried on for at least a day each, if you're keeping track at home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

Okay. And you've returned all those except for the New Balance ones? Yep. And and these ones I've I've worn outside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

already,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

they're not going back. They're not going back. Yeah. There's a commitment here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

Well, you're running out of time. Well, there's there's that too. The whole thing has made me realize

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

I don't I didn't know enough about my feet or what I should be buying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Sure. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

I maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

fault

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

made the faulty assumption that my feet were just normal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

But as I tried more shoes on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

it was clear they weren't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

So and and I I mean, how much of a fit do like, how are shoes supposed to fit? I don't know. I suffice to say, I got my brain messed up at some point and and finally have come back to a sane

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

place or semi sane place. So how many sizes smaller are the shoes that you currently have than ones you were looking at?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

The ones I was looking at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

they are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

one size smaller. One size smaller. Okay. So it's not like you were wearing shoes that were three sizes too big or anything like that? No. No. No. No. Just one size smaller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

the the Merrells that I had are one and a half sizes bigger than what I have on. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

Now those

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:11]

those just dangle on my feet. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

I I knew they were too big. That was that was probably a poor purchase choice, but they were cheap. They're really inexpensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

Sure. The the other thing I was thinking about is a number of years ago, I was having issues and I bought

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

Superfeet Greens, which is a type of insole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

And I really liked them at the time, but I I didn't after that shoe, I didn't buy another pair and I have no idea why.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

I just stopped. It was probably me being cheap again. Right. But I I come I've come to think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

I probably need

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

to find the right kind of insole for myself and then just stick with it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

That's fair. Yep. Okay. So hopefully,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

shoes hold up as you're walking through Disney Parks. Are you going to all of the Disney Parks? Do you know that? Yes. So alright. You wanna you wanna dive into this? You wanna dive into the Disney plans? Deep dive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:04]

Just Okay. High level per day

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

plans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

High level per day. Alright. So we have four days in the park. I should probably back up. We're actually staying at the Art of Animation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

Resort. We have a Cars themed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:17]

room, which I'm excited about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

The Art of Animation is known for their big pool. I do not know if it'll be warm enough for us to use the pool, or if we'll even have time, but that is an option to us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

Day one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

which will be a Tuesday, will begin at the Animal Kingdom. They have extra magic,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

hours. Are you familiar with this? Yeah. So people who are staying in a Disney resort or hotel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

basically get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:43]

to get into the park early and stay late, something like that. It depends. Not usually both,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

and each park is different. And it's only one park per day. Right? Yeah. Right. Exactly. And so on Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

Animal Kingdom is open extra early. Animal Kingdom is unique in that they don't do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

or like a like a fireworks thing in the evening because well, animals. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

So they open up an hour early, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

we have I've selected FastPass rides for Dinosaur, which I don't know that I've ever been on actually. Everest, which is a roller coaster, and then Avatar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

which, last time we were there, we did not go on because most of our kids couldn't go on it. This time around, Evelyn will not be able to, but everybody else will. So My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:28]

parents say that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:29]

the Avatar ride is very intense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

Okay. Interesting. Interesting. What now intense Sounds like cool. Scary or intense fun?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

Intense

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

fun, I would say. Okay. Alright. So I I have a confession. I've never seen the movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

Yeah?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

I've never Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

yeah. I know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

So question, John. Should I Once. Should I watch it before I go? Do you think it matters? I don't think it will matter for the ride. No. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

I it's the movie's never been interesting to me. I I just have never felt compelled to watch it. So that's the one that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:05]

when it first came out, a bunch of people really loved it. A bunch of people really hated it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

I watched and I was kinda like, meh. It looks pretty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

So it's cool from that aspect of things. At the time, the technology was really revolutionary. I believe that's a James Cameron movie. Right. He was coming off of Titanic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:22]

where, again, he also kinda pushed the envelope.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

Yep. I I don't know. I just have never watched it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

There's a number of other rides at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

Animal Kingdom that that we'll check out. The Navi River Journey is fun. Kilimanjaro Safari is fun. You know, I've done those in the past, so Sure. Looking forward to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:40]

Dinner on that day is at Tusker House. And and I will say from my past experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

Animal Kingdom has the best food of of the parks. Yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

There is there's some barbecue that I've had in there, which I I still fantasize about. Just really, really good barbecue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

The Animal Kingdom Lodge is the resort that's attached to it and or not attached, but like, you know, in the park. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

Yep. And they have a restaurant called Boma, which we we're not gonna go to on this trip,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:12]

largely because we're doing the Tusker House deal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

and and for other reasons logistically. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

is I mean, Boma is my favorite restaurant in the park. I'm hoping Tusker House will live up to it. Seem to be pretty similar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

But, you know, a lot of these a lot of these, like, higher tier restaurants are buffet style,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

and, you know, you go into, like, Hollywood Studios

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

and you do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

the Hollywood And Vine, which is kinda like the big character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

restaurant place. And it's it's traditional American food. Right? Like, you'll find that a lot of buffets. So you get some some fried shrimps, some roast beef, and six kinds of mashed potatoes and all that. But at Boma, and I think I'm hoping at Tusker House,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:54]

you just have a bunch of different flavors. The first time I ever ate quinoa was at Boma.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

Really? Yeah. It was just, like, over a decade ago now. Okay. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

then, you know, it's just just a lot of interesting neat things going on. I the kids on our last trip didn't care so much, and so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

I I we weren't gonna, like, route ourselves over to Boma on a non park day. We wanted to do dinner in the park. So Sure. I I should back up. When we arrive on Monday evening, we do have a dinner planned at the Ohana,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

which is a Lilo and Stitch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

themed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

deal at the Polynesian resort. So we don't have we're we'll be in the park that day, so it makes sense to do a resort meal. This is also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

a little Salesforce thing, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

Oh, yeah. Salesforce Ohana thing. Yeah. That's we we use some Hawaiian lingo, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

that did not factor into my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

decision to to stay there. Really, I what I was hoping for was to kick off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:54]

the trip with the kids because it's it's my kids and then my nephews,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:59]

with some character theming and just, like, have a have a nice good start. And so I've never been to the Ohana. It's got really great reviews.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

Thought, why not? You know? Because the the food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

and the resorts are really hard to get to on a day that you're focused on the park. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

I have stayed at the Polynesian before. Yeah? How was it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:18]

I remember it being pretty cool. Yeah?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:22]

This was, like, 2012,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:24]

I guess it was. So not all that long ago, but long enough. I'll have to keep that in mind. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

there's there's that Tuesday, there's also extra magic at Epcot that goes to 11PM. I don't know if it'll last that long, but Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

When Animal Kingdom shuts down, there will be,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

fireworks at Epcot. So that's a little motivation to head that way. There's also a ride there that I wanna head up called Soarin'.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

Yep. It's a ride where you suspend, and you it's like you you get scents and, like, mist in your face as you, like, travel over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:53]

places in the country and whatnot. I've I've always enjoyed it. I don't know that the kids did, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:58]

the other thing that I didn't the last time we were there, did not realize until the last possible minute that the snacks that you get as part of the meal plan, and we're doing a meal plan this this time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

are can be used in places like the French bakery in France in Epcot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

And so I I realized that too late last time, and we got I got, like, a pastry or whatever. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

you know, I I'm I'm trying to think a little strategically if we make it into Epcot on Tuesday evening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

maybe that's Wednesday's breakfast that we're taking back with us. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

There you go. So and the other thing too is there's so many snack credits that they're they're honestly hard to burn through in the time you're there. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

With little kids. Right? You got two a day per person. And so if you just think about, like, we because we I I'm not gonna let them be drinking soda at every turn. Right? That would be a snack credit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

And if we get, like, a I don't know, say a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

pretzel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

There's two people Not gonna eat little pretzel. Yeah. Yeah. You know? So it's it's hard to burn through this. Alright. That's Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

So Wednesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:05]

Star Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

We're going to Hollywood Studios, and I I am I am just determined to get on Smugglers Run

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

do all the new Star Wars themed stuff. Right? So they've they've got it's it's complicated. You gotta get part of a boarding party. You gotta do it when you first get in. There's a little bit of a gamble here. Fingers crossed, we're gonna make it happen. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

Put Henry on us. Yeah. Well, so the thing is, I think we just have to get there early enough to reserve, and we'll we'll get strategic about it. But Yeah. I know that, the one thing we couldn't get a FastPass reservation for in Hollywood Studios is go around with Slinky Dog Dash. So Oh, man. Yeah. Well, we're gonna still do it, but we're gonna wait in line, like like plebes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

and, and try to get on it. Because we didn't do it last time. Again, the you know, height was an issue. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

I think as far as our FastPass rides, we got Star Tours, Frozen Sing Along, and Toy Story Mania.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

Now FastPasses

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

are weird now since I've been there. So you used to, like, go show up at the ride and get this paper ticket. Now they send you, like, this magic band and stuff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

No. Everybody has a magic band. Right? Or Okay. Like, through the resort. And so you're all all tied to it, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

you can use it to, like, take care of your meals, buy your snacks, do fast pass rides, get in and out of your room. And and I'm sure they, like, track your position the whole time you're there too, and all kinds of weird, creepy stuff. But suffice to say

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:28]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

with FastPass, you get a time window where you basically have a shorter line. Right? Got it. And, you you you just hopefully spend less time, and you get three pat three three fast passes a day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

Having been there before,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

there's some riders we know that, like, the fast pass wasn't really worth it. Like, So, Tower Tower Of Terror last time we were there, there was never a line. Like, we could just we could just hop on it. Right? So it didn't make sense to, like, burn a FastPass that way. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

This new Star Wars stuff, both Smugglers Run and Rise of the Resistance, they're they're doing these very differently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

The one doesn't have FastPass at all, and the other has this new boarding party thing. So I just hope we get we get some time. I I am,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

there's the whole thing is themed around this Black Spire outpost, which they actually wrote a book and released about. And it it wasn't necessarily the greatest book. Sure. But I did read it because I read all Star Wars books. And I'm excited about what,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

know, some of the some of the references. Right? So there's gonna have, like, Nerf Nuggets, right, and and goofy stuff like that that you can eat. And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

there's I think the the restaurant or the, like, the walk up place is Docking Bay 7,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

and, they serve blue milk. Right? Yep. I see blue milk in my future. It seems inevitable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

Can they make a milkshake with blue milk? Oh, John. That is a good question. I I promise you that if they have a blue milk milkshake that I will absolutely order it for the sake of the podcast. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

So Wednesday night, hope to hit up the fireworks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

and there's also a Star Wars Galactic Spectacular in the evening too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

Magic Kingdom has extra magic hours that evening, so I could see us potentially wandering back for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

You know, we'll see. It's these these could be long days. Right? These could be very long days. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

Are you planning on building any lightsabers?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

So I looked at this. Really expensive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

Yeah. And and here's here's my dilemma. Do I just get one for me, or do I get one for every kid?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Because, basically, it's it's a they're like a $100 a pop. Right? Right. And so it's a $100 for me or $400 for us, and then what am I gonna? Not gonna Sarah once? So now I'm talking about $500 of lightsabers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:44]

And you know that's gotta go in your checked bag on the flight home. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

So there's like some that are rated for combat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:52]

Are those more expensive than these $100 ones or is it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

I have no idea. Like, I I've looked at the pictures. They look cool. Right? And and I'm definitely gonna check it out. But the the droids are similar. Right? You can build your own droid. Right. And this is like $2.02 50 a pop. Wow. Yeah. Know, I mean, like, if I had a single child, maybe that would be interesting, but that's not my situation right now. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

we'll check it out. I'm I'm not gonna like I'm not gonna use what you do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

One kid gets a lightsaber, one kid gets a droid, and then, like, Evelyn's probably gonna want something Minnie Mouse related. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

Maybe. Although although she's been she's not as, like, deep into the Minnie Mouse realm as she once was. So who knows? I like Yeah. Anything's possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

The kids do get, a a slight stipend for the week and that they can use for goodies because I don't wanna be that guy that's like, no. You you're you're going to the happiest place on earth, but you can't buy anything. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

but we we keep it, you know, we keep it reasonable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

and Yep. They got a quota, so they can't go wild.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

So that's Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

Hollywood Studios again. We got back to back days of Hollywood Studios.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

We gotta spend the whole day at Star Wars. So Yeah. Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

Pretty much the same FastPass rides, except instead of doing the Frozen sing along show, we're gonna do Indiana Jones. Can't go wrong there. Right. The nice thing about FastPass with these shows, it's easier to get seats up front. So that's why we do it that way or seats in the center. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

I do you remember the Star Tours ride when you were there last? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

Okay. So Star Tours last time you were there would have been before Disney bought them. Correct? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

Yeah. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

was it was it like you were in a cargo ship, and it, like, ran off the track kinda thing? Yeah. Yeah. That was the original Star Tours. Since then, they've come up with 70 different permutations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

of the ride. 70? Wow. 70. Yeah. And I I have seen three of them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

no. Two. Two or three of them from the last time we were there. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

you know, we're gonna do that both days. We might do that an extra couple times or whatever because, again, you get you get these different,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

experiences each time you go through it. And I will say the the ones that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

one of the ones that, I experienced last time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

was Red Arrow Rogue One, and then I believe the other was from Return of the Jedi. They're they're themed across the movies. Yeah. You know? So, like, that doesn't get old. I I I can't not enjoy that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

And then again, you know, we've got the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:24]

Star Wars smugglers run Rise of Resistance thing that we'll try to do too. There's Epcot extra magic hours that morning. I feel like if we do make it to the Magic Kingdom the night before, I'm gonna probably wanna sleep in. Right. So I don't know. We'll see how that shakes out. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

that that's the plan that day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

Fireworks are again in Hollywood Studios.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

So, you know, we'll, we'll kinda play that by ear.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

there's I don't think there's an extra long evening that night. So that's that's probably good because Friday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

we're at the Magic Kingdom. And there are extra magic hours in the morning, so we'll be able to get in that park at 8AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

Now, you ready for this? This is like this is how this is how I wanted to close out

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

the, the trip. Right? So FastPass rides. Yep. Space Mountain. Everybody but Evelyn's gonna be able to go on that one. So Yep. That's good. Big Thunder Mountain,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

Seven Dwarves Mind Train.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:18]

Which used to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

where is that? Is Splash Mountain still a thing? Yeah. It's diff that's different. Separate thing. Got it. Okay. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

So these are three roller coasters all in Magic Kingdom, all, you know, themed. I'm looking forward to it. I haven't been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

I don't think I've been on any of these before, to be honest with you. Maybe I was on Space Mountain once,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

as a kid, I wasn't into roller coasters, neither was the family. Sure. So we did other stuff. I'm looking forward to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

You know, we'll see how it goes. I did mention, I I did not get a reservation for rock and roller coaster,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

that's one that I'm not sure that Henry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

maybe Henry can just go on. I think when we did these so this is part of the part of the problem. Right? When we do these fast pass reservations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

there's so many months out, and we measured Henry at the time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

and he wasn't gonna pass pass. I think he's, like, just at the right inch now. So, you know, live and learn. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

But yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:16]

Crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

I've been on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:20]

all of the mountains.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:22]

I've been on rock and roller coaster.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:24]

Are you doing It's a Small World and Nope. Pirates of the Caribbean ride?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

I we will not do It's a Small World. I'm I'm done with that. If I never go on that again, I will be fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

Same with the Peter Pan ride, which also has, like, absurdly long lines every time I've been there. But I I just no interest. I've seen it. My kids have seen it. My kids are kinda like, what? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

What was the other one you said? It's a small world, then what else? Oh, Pirates of Caribbean. Pirates of Caribbean. You know, it's been a long time since I've been on that ride. My kids have not seen any of the movies. I'm not I'm not sure that they'll be interested in that, and that's not necessarily how I want to optimize my time. So we'll see. I won't rule it out, but I would probably rather do something else instead. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

you're asking about food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

Wednesday, Hollywood Studios gonna do the sci fi drive in for a big dinner. Nice. I I really like that restaurant. Do you? Okay. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

Younger

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

John did. Younger John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

that is the only restaurant that Younger Stan ever went to. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

it it rained one day, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

mom and dad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

had optimized for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

less expensive food options. And so but we need to get out of the rain, so we walked in the restaurant. We we did the sci fi drive, and it It wasn't bad. So I'm there's something nostalgic. I'll be there with my mom and my sister too, and and I, I figured why not. Then on Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

we're going to do Hollywood and Vine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

which is the whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

character theme thing. Like, literally, all of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

traditional Disney animated characters come through. And so, you know, the food is not spectacular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:08]

in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

It's it's perfectly fine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

but, like, you've got, you know, Mickey and Daisy and Donald and Goofy and Pluto just, like, walking up to your table as you're there. And so, you know, for the kids, like, I I felt like that was a pretty good pretty good way to to wrap up our time in Hollywood Studios

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

on Thursday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

And then last but not least,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

Skipper Canteen on Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

So, sit down dining in Magic Kingdom in in my opinion is pretty limited, but, this is seems to be a pretty good good spot. That will be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

Valentine's Day. And so I don't know what that'll be like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

but we'll check it out. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

Nice. There was one year where you bought missus Lemon a house for Valentine's Day. This year, you're taking her to Disney World. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

technically my mom is, but yeah. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

We we, we're terrible at celebrating Valentine's Day. Yes. I did buy a house once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

I think I got flowers one other time. I think those are the two Valentine's Day gifts that I've bought historically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

You've been married twelve years now? No. No. No. No. We're gonna celebrate fourteen years in June. Fourteen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:18]

Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

Yeah. Time flies. Remember when you were celebrating ten, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

It was forever ago, John. It was. Good good forever. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

so that's Disney. I will report back on how this all goes. I was looking at the weather. It looks like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

after 10AM, it'll creep up into the high seventies, low eighties

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

into the evening, and then drop back down. We got one day right now where the high is 90,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

so it it should be warm. Yeah. You should be able to swim in 90 degree weather if there's time. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

And and I I hope there will be. We'll we'll see what we can kinda, you know, piece together, but it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

it's we're optimizing for the park, and it's gonna be a busy it's gonna be a busy trip. So Yeah. Yeah. You chill out when you go to Disney World. Right? Oh, I I get get relaxed in a way that people just don't know what to do with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Yeah. I I really enjoy being there. I don't know. I I just get a kick out of it. So I'm looking forward to spend You're really an extrovert at heart, aren't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

You're quite an extrovert, aren't you? Not thinker. I don't know about that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

but I I love that just everybody seems happy and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

everybody's just focused on having fun. So there's like, I'm not worried about work. I'm not worried about, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

any of the stuff I'm doing for, like, volunteer time or any of that. I just focused on finding a ride and going on it with my kids. Like, what's not to But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:48]

Well, enjoy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

We look forward to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:51]

what your favorite parts of Disney were in the next episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:54]

So one quick question for you. The Thursday night that I get back from Hollywood Studios,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

should I attempt to stream Picard?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

I think that it can probably wait. You should download it and watch it on the plane. Oh, there you go. That means I need headphones though too. So I'll have to I'll have to bring my AirPods, which isn't the Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

speaking of Picard, what'd you think of episode three? Two, we agreed was kind of a downer. Yeah. I really enjoyed episode three. I did as well. So what did you like about it? I so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

I don't know. It seemed more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:28]

it was a smoother overall episode. Everything flowed much more nicely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:32]

between things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:34]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:37]

Picard back on the spaceship

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

and the old

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

like, the original,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

soundtrack stuff playing in the background. I thought that was really well done. Yeah. The original soundtrack bits that came in on on that ship at the end. I mean, that that got me a little frost, to be completely honest with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:55]

Yeah. And then Picard's engaged to end the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, it's it's funny the look on his face when he did this, right, because it was it was a kind of a smirk, you know. It was an arrogant smirk. I I appreciated it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

The the Romulan hitmen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

fight scene

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

Yeah. In in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

the chateau,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

that was interesting. I'm looking forward to see where that goes. Hugh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

Hugh. Yeah. I didn't notice Hugh either until I said his name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

So it took it took me a second as well, and I think what it what threw me off was the hair. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:30]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

by the way, his his haircut resembles Stan Lemons circa 1995.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

So there's something to that. Do you get a new haircut this time too, Stan? No. Just just trimmed it up. It's a little longer on top than usual but Got it. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

more insulation for the winter. But Bring back the spikes. Spring no. I don't think we're gonna do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

But Hugh Hugh's an interesting presence,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

and I we still don't know what's going on in this Borg cube. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

Supposedly, only 26

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

or something Romulans were ever assimilated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

Yeah. This is something that that Hugh reveals, which is also really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

Weird. Fascinating.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

Right? Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

You would think it would be more,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:14]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

lo and behold, it hasn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

I don't know. This the story got deeper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

I am not sure what to make of this Raffi character. We got a we got a flashback

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

to her and Picard

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

shortly after the Mars attack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:33]

then then we flash forward and she's just got issues. Right? She's Right. Got this, like, junky element going on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

with her, you know, twenty fourth century jewel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

that she's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

she's vaping with or whatever. I like Yeah. That that bit was a little weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:49]

I'm really curious She of must have been like a science officer of some sort or something because she's doing this research stuff and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Science or the other thing I wondered is maybe there's an intelligence element, like Yeah. Not quite operations,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

but like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

I I don't know, like CIA ish, but not not full blown sector thirty one or section thirty one. Excuse me. So I you know, I I don't know. We'll see how that plays out, but the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

the character's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

I I hope they don't put too much clout into this whole, like, junky thing because I it just didn't really add anything to the story. Yeah. Because without that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:30]

both her and the pilot are very,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

like I feel like there's depth to these characters already just being Right. Reduced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:37]

Yep. So that's gonna make for a cool crew.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:41]

They they both have a certain amount of brokenness that they kind of reveal in this episode. Yep. And the pilot, whose name now alludes me Right. Is former Starfleet. The ship Yeah. That was a great scene too, where Picard, like, calls him out, you are Starfleet. Fleet. Look at all how you have your ship organized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

Yep. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

So, you know, it sounds like he was an x o,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

or commander rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

His x o died, I think that's what he said. We're Yeah. Yeah. Something about the brain's being splattered. So we don't know what that story is like, but I'm sure it'll be interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

what's the name of the place that they're going to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:18]

Something Cloud. Free Cloud. Yeah. Free Cloud. Could

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

could they pick any name Yeah. Less Star Trek y than that? Right. I mean, you know, you compare it to Romulus,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

Farangunar or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

Yeah. Beta zed and you got Freecloud? Really? Yep. It sounds like a streaming service from the twenty fourth century more than anything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

So I I don't know I don't know what the big of that, but apparently, Bruce Maddox is there. I'm I'm really interested to find out if they,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

bring back the actor who played Bruce Maddox in The Next Generation. That'd be interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

I it would be a really cool tie in, some interesting depth there. Who knows? Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

yeah. But yeah. I truly enjoyed it. So it was nice recovery from episode two, but episode two is always kind of a letdown after the premiere, especially if it's a really well done premiere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

what I'm what I'm realizing now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

the second episode was a necessary evil to establish,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

really, the thing that drives Picard off planet, right, which is that that assault on the chateau. I think that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

straw that breaks the camel's back. It's interesting that Agnes shows up. I don't know what to make of that yet. Right. We knew she was gonna come along for the ride,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

but, like, what's what's driving her? This is a really big shift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

I don't know. We'll see. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

Yep. And, there was also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

some development with,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

not Dodge. What's the other one's name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

Soji. Is that right? Soji. I think that's right. So the synthetic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:04]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

Yeah. Well, in She doesn't know she is. Right. But apparent we do learn that Nerik knows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

Right? Yep. That's that's made very clear in his conversation with Rizzo, who we find out is in fact a Romulan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:19]

We all suspected that, but that, you know, the ears confirmed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

Am I getting the name right? Is it Soji? I'm I'm drawing a blank now. It sounds right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

Okay. Let's go with that Soji.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

If not, there's a Soji in something else somewhere because Yeah. Right. That way we should see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

This is just goes to show that Dodge was a much easier name to recall and they they probably should have rethought the other sinner's But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

suffice to say, she's got this fascination with Romulan mythology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

is kinda pursuing that. She's got a pretty cozy relationship with Hugh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:56]

You know, I I don't I I would love to know more, you know, in context And she she there. Is able to recall information that she doesn't remember learning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

Right. Right. So Another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

another scene with her mom, which to me is an interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

Yeah. Angle that I I hope they kinda cover because we know that this whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

this whole thing, right, between the two of them is relatively short lived. So is this part of the ruse or is this a hologram or like, what's what's the deal? Yeah. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:27]

I think the thing that I want to know more of right now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:31]

is really about this board cube

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:33]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

folks like The Sin and Hugh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:39]

got to it. Right? Like, how how did they come to to exist on this? That's that's where I wanna see this go. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:48]

Oh, let's end the show

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:50]

on do you have any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:52]

vacation packing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:54]

minimalist tips?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:57]

Are you a minimalist packer? Should I ask that first?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

I I mean, I don't know. That's a that's a interesting question. I always

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

take enough clothes for every day and then usually a spare.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

Right? Which is probably not minimalistic with Disney.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

My clothes are are gonna get kinda funky by the end because you you tend to sweat like no another. I mean, I'm I'm thinking that's even gonna happen in February.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

I don't pack a lot of extra stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:31]

Right? In fact, in this trip, I'm not taking an iPad, not taking a laptop. I am just taking my phone. Nice. I think last time I did take an iPad with me, but I'm not I'm not doing that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

yeah, I'd say it's pretty minimalism. I mean, you you take the clothes you need and you assume that the entertainment is in the park,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

and you're good to go. Right? What else do you need? There you go. I I will say, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

with kids, we tend to pack more like first aid type stuff than I would if I was traveling for work. Things of Right? That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:04]

but I think we're gonna fit into two big bags, all five of us. Nice. Yeah. Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed. Cool. Make sure you leave room to bring home a lightsaber.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:13]

Well, it's funny you mentioned that. So one of the one of the pro tips here on this trip because there's not gonna be a lot of room in these two bags. No. I bought a a duffel that folds up into another bag, and we're taking that inside of one of the big bags.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

So that if we do wind up with junk to bring back Then you have a carry on for somebody. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

Well, not a carry on. We'll we'll check that one. So one of the nice things about this is, you know, Disney's gonna handle our luggage from the airport

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

Right. To the resort and from the resort Up on the Magical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

Express or whatever it's called. Yep. You got it, man. That's that's one of the things I love about this particular trip, this Disney trip, right, or Disney trips in general is you can really just like worry about the details. About anything. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Did you work with any sort of planner or I did. Yes. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

oh, my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

Mouse ear magic mouse ear. Give me a second. I gotta look it up. It's a a friend from high school tool we used last time. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:12]

think it's mouse ear magic. Nice. Come on. Come on. Come on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:16]

Mouse ear magic travel by Sarah Melada. Meluda. I don't know how to say her last name. Oof. But Mouse Ear Magic. And, yeah, I'd highly recommend this. It didn't cost anything extra

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

just like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:27]

gets the logistics out of out of my way so that I don't have to think about it. Took care of my fast pass and my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

dinner reservations and all those things. So That's awesome. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

Cool. Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

John. Next time I talk to you, I will have survived.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:46]

Survived.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

Yep. I'll be back on vacation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:49]

Be on a cloud

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:51]

coming back from Disney.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

Yep. Yep. Exactly. Oh. Alright, John. Have fun Stanley. We'll talk to later.

