---
title: Our Top Halloween Candy
episode: 159
date: '2021-11-04T00:57:54.000Z'
slug: our-top-halloween-candy/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around Halloween candy preferences, with a focus on
  nostalgic treats that have changed over time. Stan discusses his own candy
  preferences and dislikes, while also exploring broader themes such as the
  evolution of the candy industry and the importance of trying new things. The
  discussion ultimately leads to a call for more experimentation and exploration
  of different candies.
keywords:
  - Halloween candy
  - nostalgia
  - Twix cookies and cream
  - almond bark
  - form versus function
  - candy industry evolution
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, do you ever do you ever put on your headphones and then something just resumes playing? Like, your AirPod Pros. Right? And, like, it just picks up on the last song you were listening to. Do you do you ever have that happen? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

Never. Okay. Well, that's interesting. It happens in my car all the time, but usually, it's not the thing that was last playing or the thing that I wanna be playing. It's usually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

some Hamilton song.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:50]

Oh, interesting. Why why is that? Do you know? I it pops to music, and I don't have that much music downloaded on my phone. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:58]

Okay. Fascinating. So I had I had this experience where I put on these headphones in particular, and because I use these headphones, these are my AirPods Max, with my laptop, my iPhone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

and my iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

they I I never exactly know what's gonna start playing. And so sometimes it's just fun. Like, I get totally caught off guard. Like, tonight, I went to put this on, and it was the Skeleton song by the Mighty Mighty Baw Stones. Right? So no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:23]

matter what is about to happen, I'm in a good mood because I've listening to the Mighty Mighty Baw Stones. You mean the Mighty Mighty Baw Stones have a song other than I've Never Had to Knock on Wood?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

Oh, my gosh. They've got they've got in fact, this album

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

this album,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

that the Skeleton song is on, I don't even know what this one's called. It's one of my favorites. There's a bunch of really great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

little, little jams on there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

I feel like actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

maybe the best parts of the Mighty Mighty Boss Stones are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

like the ones that didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

make the top whatever, you know? Sure. You're thinking of the impression that I get. I was trying to remember what the name of the song is. Yeah. Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:00]

every every one us wants to be like, knock on wood, but that's not the name of the song. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

you know It's like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

oh, who is it? There's somebody who played in Cedar Rapids and the only song Modest Mouse.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:13]

Like, can you name more than one song by Modest Mouse?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:16]

I can't name any songs by Modest Mouse. I didn't even know that that was a a band.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

Float On?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

I have no idea what you're talking about. You did not play Guitar Hero.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:27]

But you you would know Float On.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:30]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

did Dance Dance Revolution. I never got Yeah. You know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

Fair enough. The other bit, but I need to bring that Dance Dance Revolution so that we can play.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

There you go. Let's do that. I wonder I wonder if we could that on the Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

All Things Considered is is maybe my favorite song from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

this particular album. So this is the pay attention album from the Mighty Mighty Bawstones circa February.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:57]

Back when ska punk was still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

real

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

and very much in our ears, or at least in mine. So In yours, because I was in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

sixth grade?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

Yeah. You were busy listening to Britney Spears and God knows what else. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

Alright. Now, John, as we sit here and record, I'm wearing an undershirt and just a fleece jacket over top, and you, sir, are wearing a polo like you went somewhere today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:23]

Yes. I am

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

back

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

on the office grind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

Alright. So you are like, when you say you're back on the office grind, you are literally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

physically going to a place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

to work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

I am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

And that place is half an hour away from my house. So I have the commute Wow. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

Okay. I don't even I I don't even know what to make of this. So what do you let's let's start with your commute. What are you doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

on your drive into the office?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

Well, actually, let me let me back up. What time are you getting up these days?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:58]

Today, I woke up at 05:54AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

Did you set an alarm for that? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

05:54.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

That's a very precise time, John. Can you can you possibly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

possibly last week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

it was set at six, and I figured that I'd like to really work my way back to 05:30. I think it's my ideal time to wake up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

Okay. For the listener that doesn't remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

many,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

many moons ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:30]

John Colmire used to wake up at 05:30, go into an office.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:34]

Actually, did you do that at McNary? Did you go in that early?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:37]

Sometimes I went in that early. I was definitely waking up early

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:41]

at some points during the McNary cycle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

But the job before that, you were up early all the time. Right? Yes. Because I was working part time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

for another job, so I usually put in an hour of work before I went to the office, and then came back home and did some more work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

You were a busy bee. We never talked back then. That's why we started a podcast. Now we talk all the time, or we did talk all the time. I haven't heard from you in a while. And so maybe maybe this is the resurgence of the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:10]

But alright. Alright. So you I'd like to call you on my commute home, but, like, now I'm back to commuting while you're eating dinner, and you would have to deal with the Honda microphone on the car while I'm going 80 miles up three eighty. Oh, I I hate the microphone on your car. It drives Yeah. Me nuts. So I don't call, Stan. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

alright. Well, John, it's not off limits. Let's pick a day. Let's pick a day and let's chat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

So so what are you doing on the way into the office? Are you are you are you listening to a podcast per chance?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:40]

I am listening to a couple of podcasts. I'm actually trying to catch up on all the podcasts that I've missed since I haven't been driving anywhere for the past year and a half.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

I imagine you're overcast with like a 100,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

episodes. No. So at most, I keep

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

I keep five downloaded,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

previous five downloaded of any podcast that I'm subscribed to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

Alright. So what are the top podcasts that you are listening to besides Life with a Twist of Lemon? I have been listening to a lot

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:14]

of what Trump can teach us about constitutional

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

law

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:18]

mixed with good one. Some how I built this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:22]

and Okay. Some art of manliness podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

Latter two, I pick and choose episodes based on if the subject looks interesting to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Alright. Good deal. Good deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

That,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

seems like a pretty solid selection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

I am reminded that you like the Art of Manliness podcast, and I've always struggled with the the basic audio quality of it. I think it's gotten better recently. Initially, was bad. Okay. Like, everything was bad about it initially.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

I could I could definitely see that. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

friend of the show, Aaron Fanker, Reverend Aaron Fanker, his his sermons are now online. The Lord's Gracious Mercy is the name of it. You can find it on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

Totally worth listening to. They're short.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

They're just all around good. So I would encourage you to also, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

take a look at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

the Marvel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

podcasts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

that tell a story. Right? So they're basically like dramatized,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

you know, like old old fashioned radio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

I've really enjoyed those. There's just a couple. You check them out. So I kinda wanna find a podcast that's just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:29]

what if an audio version, because, like, I'm not crazy about the animation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

and I think that I might enjoy it more if it was just listening to it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:39]

It's funny that Sean crazy about the animation. It took me a while. Did you I was not planning on going on this rabbit hole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:44]

It took me a while to get get used to it. I just watched the episode of Assembled on What If? And that that actually was really, really interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

The art style is intended to be new. The animation style is intended to be new, and it's intended to actually resemble

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

Norman Rockwell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:00]

style painting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

So I I almost wanna go back and rewatch now that I know that because it kinda adds a little more light to it. It's one of those things where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

the explanation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

I think, enhances what you're seeing. True.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

Yeah. I will say that I liked it more than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

what's the Star Wars one that I didn't like?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:25]

Visions? Clone Wars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

Oh, interesting. Okay. So I definitely don't like Clone Wars animation. But I don't know. You've you've gotten more into these animation things than I have. I think it's just you are deeper into all of the lore surrounding all these things than I am. That could be. That could be. I I don't necessarily put a lot of clout into the animation style just because it's not my thing. Sure. One last one last just podcast recommendation for you. Go back and listen to old episodes. It's it's not one that would listen to like current, but Toxic, the Britney Spears story. One of the one of my favorite podcasts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

from the last six months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

You've heard me talk many a time about how I believe that the story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

of Britney Spears

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

is a parable of America today, and I I firmly believe that. That's probably an episode in and of itself. I'm just telling you, John Do you think we can get Finker to be a guest on that one? Wasn't he all in on Britney Spears? Oh, yeah. He was. Yeah. He was totally all in, which is so which is so random. This this guy who likes to smoke meat, and he's a pastor in the middle literally, the middle of nowhere Kansas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

And he introduced me to this podcast, Toxic, the Britney Spears story. Totally worth it. Not safe for kids though. So if you're if you're into the whole Britney Spears thing like I am. Right? Free Britney. Yay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

Don't listen to this around your kids. That's all I can say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

Alright. So you get to the office, John. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

mean, what's it like being back in a building with people?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:56]

It's weird, man. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

at my office,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:01]

everybody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

well, they follow CDC guidelines. So everybody's currently masked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

No more than, like, three people in a room or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

But I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

basically a cube

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:15]

in an entryway, so it's kinda weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:18]

Lot of foot traffic in and around you? Not really. It's not the main door. So we're kinda on the other side of the building.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

like, the administrative

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:27]

section where I sit is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

basically the basement.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:32]

Thankfully, we have a window,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:33]

which I guess has not always been the case. So there is natural light. But, yeah, it's kinda weird, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

And so you you go there, you eat there, you do all of the things that I do not eat there. Person does. You don't? Okay. Tell me more. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:50]

last week, as my first week, I just went and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

bought food from places and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:56]

either sat there or in my car. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

In your car?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

Yeah, man. Today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

I went to the park that's close, and I ate my lunch that I took

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

in my car, and I read for thirty minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

Look at that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

Gives me full hour. A chance yeah. I get a full hour. Gives me a chance to take off my mask because going from being in your house all day for the past two years to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

wearing a mask for eight hours a day, not the most comfortable thing ever. So yeah. I could see could definitely see that. I could definitely see that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

I I understand you are not on a Mac at this job. I am not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:39]

I am on an underpowered Windows laptop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:43]

Is it at least a current version of Windows? It is a current version. I don't think it's the most current, but we're on Windows 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

Okay. Right. That's I mean, that's pretty current. 11, like, just dropped. So Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

So yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:58]

I mean, like, I am trained as a Windows system administrator,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:02]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

it's not real hard to pick back up. The thing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:07]

that gets me the most is going back and forth is the position of the command key and the control key.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

So I'm trying to copy and paste something and I'm always hitting the wrong thing with my pinky.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

The struggle is real. I I used to remap that on the Mac side so that I'd never had that problem. And then I found it was just easier to give up Windows altogether. So Yep. I tried.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

But now I'm back and like there there's no going back because the whole product

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

information management software is windows proprietary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

Oh, it's a it's an actual desktop app?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:44]

Yes. Server app that we,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

tap into. But, yeah, it's been been that way, and there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:50]

crazy amount of products in it. So, like Sure. Sure. A huge

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:55]

move to move to something else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:57]

It's so funny. I I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

it doesn't come like, my brain does not go to, oh, yeah. There is a piece of software running on my desktop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

that is somehow mission critical,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

you know, that I couldn't, like, swap out for something else or or anything like that. Either everything's web based Yep. Or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

it's code that I'm checking out and I can use in a variety of different tools. Sure. You know, that's that's the world I live in. So I don't it's just it's just crazy to think that those places still exist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:27]

Yep. Both that and like the master

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:30]

transaction

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:32]

software

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:33]

is a desktop app.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:36]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

to quote John Delancey

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

I think I think it's all good things. May whatever gods you believe in have mercy on your soul.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

The worst part is that it's under power. I have like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:55]

Eight megabits of memory. So like Eight eight gigabytes gigabytes gigabytes. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:01]

Right. Yeah. Get your words right. Get your words right, John. See, that's the other thing. It's like my brain is tired from being around people all day. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

now so when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:12]

I requested from IT because I don't have the power to actually install things myself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

for Photoshop

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

to be installed on my laptop, it's like your laptop won't run it. But we have this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:24]

computer that you can remote into for photo and video process

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

That's over in a closet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:31]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

Wow. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

Well, that's different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

I I look forward to hearing how that goes six months ago. I'm hoping that I find a better solution on Windows to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

basically resize

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:45]

and export images in a friend in a web friendly format. Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

dude.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

Well, there's There's GIMP. Image image opt Optum is the one that I always use. And I'm pretty sure oh, I guess it's just a web service. I thought it was a Mac or a Windows app. Imageoptim.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:03]

Better than remoting anyway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

It does it does resizing primarily. Right? Resizing compression.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

So Does it support next gen,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

image formats?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

I I don't know. Like, what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

is this? An inquisition? No. I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:22]

It's it's just something that yeah. It looks like there's the moz JPEG,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

the Mozilla version. So that's good. Right? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

I don't know. I don't whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

Other than this is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

I don't I don't know, man. You just use Pixelmator Pro because that's an awesome app, but on the Mac. It is. It is. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

someday, John, someday you can get back to it. Alright. Well, you know, it sounds like office is exhausting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

It's not awful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

but it's very different than the last

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

I mean, it's been more than eighteen months for you because you've been working remote

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

prior to that. Right? No. No. No. You No. We went full remote, but I was in a coworking space and then, like, a big startup community type thing with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:09]

standing desks and full kitchens and stuff like that. So, you know. And now you're in a real office. A real office for a company that's 80 years old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

John, I look forward to hearing more about your adventures back in the workplace. Meanwhile, I'm here still in my office. It's now painted. Now painted. I've I've frosted reason

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

where

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:34]

I don't know. Was this like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:37]

Mac OS change where FaceTime on the Mac is now starts horizontally instead of vertically? Or did we do something?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:44]

I I don't I don't know. I it's a good point because we it used to be vertical. Do you wanna switch back to board vertical? We can we can use I don't think it matters. It just always catches me off guard when it first opens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

It is different. There's a lot of really interesting little tweaks to Monterey

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:01]

that I really like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

I wasn't planning on discussing those today. Just just suffice to say that this might be one of them.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

Yeah. And, like, I haven't spent enough time in Monterey to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

notice most of them. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

Yeah. Well, you'll get back to it. Alright. So we just did Halloween. This is this is a big deal. Right? I mean, I think it's a bigger deal this year maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

because a lot of people took last year off. Not everybody, but a lot of people did. Yep. Did you hand out candy? Did you do anything Halloween wise? I personally did not hand out candy. Missus Colmire handed out candy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

Okay. Alright. Yeah. She's more sensitive. Basement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

So There you go. Well, what did what did the dog do? Was the dog with you? So the dog definitely doesn't like random people on the street.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

So he was anxious and barking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:51]

At some point, apparently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

missus Kolmeyer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

went next door to trick or treat and was invited into their house. So she like disappeared and the dog came down by me and watched the pranels. So So what happened while kids were knocking on the door while you It was right at the end. So there was nobody there. And I think she just left the candy bowl out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

Okay. Alright. Do you you don't have any idea then how many kids you had, do you? So according to the neighbor that she went to, they counted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

either 42 or 52

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

because they could have lost 10 but they aren't aren't for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

Well, it's always scary when you lose kids, but I think in this in this case, it's acceptable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

that's a respectable showing. I think we had somewhere between a hundred and fifty and two hundred. I didn't count precisely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

but just based upon how many I was handing out per kid

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

and how many bags I started with, I think I think that was kinda where we landed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:44]

So So my brother-in-law and sister

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:47]

always have crazy numbers

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

because they are like the county seat

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

in the middle of nowhere Missouri. So they get a bunch of people from, like, the country that drive in to trick or treat in these neighborhoods.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:02]

the final number that he sent me was 259.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

That is crazy. That's absolutely insane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

Yeah. Wow. That's a lot of kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

you don't have little ones that you can tax their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

their,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

I don't know, spoils

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

Correct. When they come back. So do you do you have any candy laying around right now? Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:26]

Missus Kollmeyer has overbought

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:28]

both last year and this year, so I've enjoyed spoils.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

Okay. Do you buy candy specifically that you like?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:37]

So I am not in charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

Oh, alright. Well, I mean, that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

does missus Kolmeyer buy candy that she likes? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

I think it would be appropriate for us to at least discuss

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

top candy. Right? Absolutely. Specifically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

what's your what's your favorite candy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

Halloween candy. Let's we'll we'll limit it this way. Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

If you can't get it in Halloween and and what I mean by that is nobody is handing out my favorite candy bar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

Right? Because it's the Ocho bar. It's the Ocho peanut butter bar. You that just doesn't happen. You should hand those out, Stan. Buy a box, full size candy bars, and you'll be the favorite house in the neighborhood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

I first of I don't believe that most kids would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

enjoy that Enjoy it. Or or appreciate it, really, is what I'm worried about. And at $3 a pop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

I I don't see myself doing that. My second favorite candy is the Toblerone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

which is a glorious thing. And you should appreciate that from Sopranos because it makes an appearance. That's why I got into it, actually. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

That also I do not think kids would appreciate. As an aside,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:48]

every time I watch The Sopranos,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

I wind up craving Capacola.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

Yeah. It's yeah. Capacola

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

and and for me, it's it's the Toblerone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

I don't like Campari,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

but for some reason, I find myself wanting a glass of Campari.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

So, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

Listeners,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

don't drink Campari by itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

No. No. It's a it's a terrible idea. It's a terrible idea. And the fact of the matter is, when I tried it by itself, I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth for weeks. Yeah. For weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

Alright. Top candy, top Halloween candy, John. What would be your number one pick?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:26]

I think I gotta go Reese's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:29]

Pumpkins.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

Oh, okay. That's very specific.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:34]

Mean, any Reese's is fine. So, like, full size Reese's peanut butter cups or the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:41]

fun size Reese's peanut butter cups.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:43]

All good to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

Okay. What about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

Reese's has that that they've got a couple variations. Right? I'm thinking of the Nutracious bar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

Does that make the cut for you or no? So I don't know that I've had that. We did hand out Reese's take five,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:00]

which are not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:01]

as good as regular Reese's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

And then, so there's Reese's take five. I think there's also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

Reese's fast break,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

which is which is different. So Take Five, if I recall right, Take Five is the one with the pretzels in it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

Yeah. I don't have a problem with that per se. The Fast Break has some type of, like, graham cracker thing going on on the bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

The nutrages,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

which honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

I'm a fan of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

is is it's like just a soft it it actually kinda reminds me of the Ocho bar a little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

It's just got a nice soft creamy middle, and then what you have is like a slightly cookied

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

exterior and then chocolate. And the the chocolate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:47]

has like the a little perforated crunch coming through it, kinda like a crunch bar would. Like the bottom of So a crunch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

anyhow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

Alright. Reese's peanut butter cup is your number one overall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

Yep. I'm not surprised. I don't think. But, you know, we'll go with it. I would have to say for me, it's Snickers bars. I am a sucker for Snickers. I I always have been.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

This year though, the kids came home with something that I I haven't tried it yet, but it it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

disturbs me. I'm curious, but disturbs me. It is a Snickers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

cinnamon bun candy bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

Alright? Interesting. And yeah. It's in a light blue or I guess maybe this is teal wrapper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

I guess it's a fall thing that Snickers is doing right now for whatever reason.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

I'm gonna try it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:37]

I am I I Do you have one on your desk? You should try it right now. We can get a live reaction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

I I would have to I would have to have missus Lemon bring it to me. I think the kids might be upset.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

Let me let me see let me see if I can do that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

while while we're talking here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

The the thing is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

what I'm afraid of is that it's gonna be like cinnamon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

you know? Have you ever had like cinnamon bun coffee?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:01]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

I don't think it'll be bad. You don't think it'll be that bad? I don't think it'll be as bad as that. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:09]

The question is, will it be better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

or worse

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

than a standard Snickers bar? Worse. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

Yeah. Gotta be right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

So now that The only thing that comes close

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

is the Snickers ice cream bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

That's that's pretty darn good, I gotta admit. I had a I had a peanut butter based Snickers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

last night,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:34]

was so good. It was so good. My neighbor had it, and I had the little the little ones. The ones that are like squares, and so you can pop them like like candy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:44]

Like popcorn. You can pop them like popcorn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

I really enjoyed those. The almond ones, I'm actually getting into as well. I could see that. So Did you ever try the brownie one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

No. So there was like this big Snickers brownie thing that they were advertising,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

and I was not overly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:04]

impressed with that. And I like both brownies and Snickers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:08]

Does she wanna share? Missus Lemon can missus Lemon talk?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

Missus Lemon, can we Missus Lemon has not been on the podcast yet. She's not been on the podcast. She can't have. So that makes more interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

She has brought in the Snickers cinnamon bun bar with a note that says, this seems like a bad idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:24]

Yeah. So missus Lemon, please Keep that try with me. Microphone here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

into the microphone here, why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

this seems like a bad idea. Just lean in. Go ahead. Right right there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

I just don't think they should mess with a good thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:39]

Oh, so it's not me eating it's not me eating Even when the kids turn around. Particular moment. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's it's just the it's like the very nature of a Snickers cinnamon bun bar. Alright. Alright. So I'm gonna I'm gonna try this first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

I gotta take out my retainer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

and my fake tooth on the retainer. There you go. Missus Lemon should try it and give us a reaction, but she's leaving. Oh, she's left. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

So I'm gonna I'm gonna open

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

I'm gonna open this. Oh, she's right there. She wants to try it. She has come back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

So first things first, we gotta smell the cinnamon bun

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:17]

Snickers bar. So far

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

Smells like Snickers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

I think it smells like Snickers. What do think, missus Lemon? Smells like Snickers? Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

Alright. Now the thing about Snickers, right, the first bite always has more chocolate because of the posterior side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

And so we've gotta take a big enough bite.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

Big the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

front side.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

I don't know. I don't know. Alright. Ready?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

Alright. I've taken a bite. I'm passing over to missus Lyon. You don't have a face of disgust.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

Oh, the cinnamon is subtle. It reminds me a little bit of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

of an ice oh, there it is. That's the cinnamon coffee flavor right there. Mhmm. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

It's not as bad as I thought it would be, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

standard. There's something about Missus Lemon does not appear to enjoy it. Leave

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

your assessment, Missus Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:19]

It's just all over my teeth and it's not going away, and I think I need to wash it down with an adult beverage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

Okay. Well, when you go pour yourself a glass of wine, would you bring me one too, please?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

Man, I've got I've got caramel now in my facial hair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

It's not bad, John. It's not No. Good. Right. And I think I think the moral of the story here is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

if you want to put cinnamon flavor into anything, I don't care if it's coffee, a Snickers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:48]

or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

your your grandmother's apple pie. Use normal cinnamon, please. For the love of God, use normal cinnamon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:57]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

handed out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

some Twix cookies and cream

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

bars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

Oh, heaven help me. I love those. I absolutely love those. Cookies and cream?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

Yeah. I love them. I love them so much. I I had this like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

I didn't think it was good. It wasn't bad either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

Like, when I think of cookies and cream, I would much rather have, like, the Hershey's white chocolate cookies and cream bar. Well, that that's good too. That's good too. I think the thing so Kit Kat has really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

explored a lot of thank you, missus Lemon for that glass of wine. This is like the the wildest episode. I didn't expect this to happen at all. And we got missus lemon on which helps us on our goal towards more guests on the podcast this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

Alright. Real quick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

Just gonna give some live feedback here. I have a Argentinian Malbec. Nice. And a cinnamon bun Snickers bar. So hold on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

I feel like you need like a dark chocolate cinnamon Snickers bar then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

Yeah. Didn't make the Snickers bar any better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

I I really like the way that Kit Kat has has broken out. I had a friend a few years ago send me a bunch of Kit Kats from Japan. It include all kinds of wild flavors like a matcha flavored one. I I like what Kit Kat's doing. I think broadening their horizons, opening up the spectrum of flavors. They've got the perfect candy bar to do that with. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

Alright. So we've we've done our number one and our number 1782.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

That's where I would put the Cinnamon Bun Snickers bar. What's your number two favorite candy, John? Snickers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

here we go. Sorry. I'm just eating the Snickers bar because I don't wanna leave it to the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

My oddly enough, my number two would probably be the Reese's peanut butter cup. So There we go. Here we are. We're one and two are inverted,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

which begs the question, what's number three? So number three, we start to get interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:55]

So like if we're talking Halloween candy,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:01]

like, maybe milk ducks get third spot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

But I wouldn't need milk ducks. Old man's candy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

More

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:08]

anytime other than Halloween.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

But, like, those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:12]

Hershey nuggets,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

very, very good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

Yeah, John, can tell you this snicker bar is not getting any better. More Damn. Of it. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

it's tasty more and more like the cinnamon bun coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

My number three is always gonna be Twix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

So I'm not a huge Twix fan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

Don't know why. The right guy. What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

Are you a left Twix or a right Twix guy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:41]

Why wouldn't I eat them both?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

Well, on Halloween,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

they you only get one. Oh. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

And they're labeled left or right. Have you not seen this? I have not seen this. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

So on Halloween,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

they give you just a single Twix instead of the two that you normally get. Right? Sure. And on them, they'll be labeled left or right. And so Oh. I've convinced my kids that I only like right Twix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

They're identical in every way. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

But my kids I this is purely anecdotal. I have no data to back this up, but it would appear to me like Twix makes less right Twix than they do left Twix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

And so when my kids find the right Twix, they immediately rush it over to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:27]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

Alright. You're number three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

Didn't I say Hershey's nuggets? Oh, you said yeah. Yeah. Well, and and milk duds. I don't even know what to do with the milk dud thing. That's that is that is such an old man thing. Where would you go where would you go after that? This is taking a totally different turn. I was expecting you to say something stupid like Milky Way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:45]

No. Not a big fan of Milky Way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

I could I could eat a Butterfinger every now and then. Baby Ruth bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:55]

I'm not a Baby Ruth fan. I've never been. I don't know why. But we we're kinda sticking the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

chocolate candy Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

But there's like so missus Kolmeier is a big fan. What did you call them? They're basically Sour Patch Kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

But they were like Why did she just get Sour

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

Patch Kids? I don't remember what they were called.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

But, like, not a big fan of those. I do like nerds. Occasionally, you'll get nerds at Halloween.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

Nerds can be good. I like Sour Patch Kids. I like airheads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

Airheads? That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:28]

good. Yeah. There you go. I don't know that I would put that at my number four. I think if I were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

working the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:36]

the placeholders here, number four would probably be a Crunch bar for me. And honestly, like, Crunch bars are not really that good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

At least not not like they used be special.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:47]

That's true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:50]

I for me, it's a totally nostalgic thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

And it's a it's a it's a what I'm gonna say, my fifth, and I'm only gonna go five deep because I I don't we could be here all night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

That's probably where I'd put a Kit Kat, to be honest with you. Okay. You know? Maybe I'd flip Crunch bar and Kit Kat, but I So I I definitely put M and M's higher on the list somewhere. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:12]

M and M's take too much time. It it they're, like, too much work. Right? So you get a bag, and you got 20 of them, and it means 20

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

individual bites or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

you know, four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

uncomfortably large bites. Because there's nothing worse than, like, losing an M and M in your mouth. Right? And then, like, having to go fish it out. It's it's just a lot of work. It's completely unnecessary.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

I by the way, just to clarify, milk chocolate M and M's. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

Okay. Alright. I will also eat peanut M and M's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

They they're alright. I don't know. That's they're not great peanuts in there, you know? True. Very true. That's I I was just I don't get it, man. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

about three musketeers? You like a three musketeer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:54]

I could go for a three musketeer every now and then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:57]

My dad always liked three Musketeers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

I found them to be anticlocknastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

In my old age Well, that's fine because they're you're comparing them to Snickers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

and Snickers are I mean, I'm Snicker is like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:10]

if, k, if you are getting out of just the plain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:13]

chocolate bar, Snickers is the best candy bar there is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

Yep. Yep. I am I'm with you. Like Alright. There's probably some German

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:22]

dark chocolate bar

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:25]

to die for that I would put That's not Hellenkian do though. That's the thing. Right? And and so that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

I would pick a Toblerone any day of the week over a Snickers, but nobody hands I mean, listen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

If you know alright. Dear listener, if you know anybody who is handing out Toblerones

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

on did I say Christmas? I meant Halloween.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

Halloween.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:44]

You can hand out candy on Christmas too. I guess that's what stockings are for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

Just just let me know where the Toblerones are and I'm there. That that used to be my favorite part of flying. I always got a Tobler

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

Alright. The last last candy thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

Candy corn?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

So I am pro candy corn in small doses

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

at holiday. I I find the whole thing repulsive and disgusting. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

It's just wax. That's all it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

It's colored wax

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:13]

with a hint of sugar. Everyone likes it. I can't stand it. There's so much more to talk about, Stan. Like, where do we stand on Mounds and Almond Joy?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:21]

Like, I was always disappointed when I got those in my Halloween candy bag when I was growing up. But, you know, there's a time for a Mounds bar and Almond Joy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

I cannot even think of the last time I had a Mounds bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

The kids have definitely been trying to pawn the pawn off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

Almond Joy. I I think my problem with Almond Joy is I I really like almonds. Right? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

I I just don't think there are good almonds in the Almond Joy, And, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:53]

you know, the the thing with with both of these is coconut is such an acquired taste. Yep. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

And and I don't have a problem with mounds per se, but I definitely never gravitate towards

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:06]

a coconut based candy. I what where I like all or coconut

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

is like finely shaved in an ambrosia salad. If you're gonna give me if you're gonna give me coconut,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

forgo the candy bar, just put it in an ambrosia salad. And if you listener

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

have no idea what an ambrosia salad is, first of all, you ain't from the Midwest,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

particularly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

from the Michigan area. Think that's where where ambrosia

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

hails from, at least in my narrow view of the Midwest. That's where it hails from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

But that's I I don't know. That's just where my brain goes when it when it comes to coconut.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:39]

Alright. And the last Halloween staple that I'll talk about,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:44]

Smarties.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

You know, as far as, like, the sweet

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

candy goes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

I to me, Smarties are just a let down. They're like they're like m and m's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:55]

with chalk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:56]

Right? There's How do you feel about Pez, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

Pez, I also have never like, Pez are basically a harder,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

tougher

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

Smarty. Smarty. Like, a Smarty is a tenderized version of Pez.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

And and ultimately, I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:13]

I don't even know what it is. It's it's it literally is probably, like, leftover teacher chalk. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

they they mix a little bit of sugar and then, like, food dye, and they call it candy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

I I you know, come to think of it, don't know that the kids got Smarties

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

this Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:30]

They been discontinued?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

No. There's no way. There's no way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:35]

But when you think about it, Smarties,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

they're not fully sealed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

Right? Right. Historically, the way they've made the change of packaging, but I wonder if that has made it less palatable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

in a twenty twenty one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:48]

Halloween situation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:50]

where, you know, you can't trust anybody because you have no idea, like, what's going on. So you just, you know the partially wrapped candies are a no go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:59]

Yeah. I could see that. I don't know. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:02]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

That's the last one. That's all you got?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:06]

Everlasting Gobstoppers?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:08]

Nah. When was it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

did you actually get Gobstoppers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:13]

when you were on the scene trick or treating?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:17]

I think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:19]

Where else would I have left? Movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

theater. I feel like that's the only place I've ever seen them. Yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:26]

Not Gobstoppers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

again, like, that's that's just not how I'm gonna commit my calories, you know, at this stage of the game. So you're pretty much straight chocolate?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

No. No. No. No. I mean No. So what kind I like Starburst. Oh, yeah. Starburst and Lisa and Sour Patch Kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

Yeah. I like Skittles. Skittles. Right. Airheads. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

You know, the the thing about the Airheads is is, at least in recent memory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

I've had the braces and stuff. Yeah. Not like the braces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

I'm not gonna go for that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

You know, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

in the right moment, I don't mind Swedish fish

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:02]

in the right moment. It's just the right moment only comes, like, every three years. So that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

that's the risk there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

Yeah. I I don't know, man. Maybe I'm maybe I'm boring when it comes to candy. Twizzlers? My

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:16]

no. Yeah. Me neither. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

I I like them more than I used to. Like, as a kid, I hated Twizzlers. Now, I'll tolerate them because they're chewy. But truth be told, really in the in the kingdom of candy, not a great selection. I like the strawberry the the Twister

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:35]

Twizzlers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:36]

which are not actually Twizzlers. They're just like whatever. True. Those I liked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

but that doesn't count. I've never seen those handed out at Halloween either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:46]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:48]

I think that's all I got, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:50]

Alright, man. Well, until next Halloween, we can reassess this. I think it would be interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

to broaden

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

I mean, the the Twix thing is very revealing to me, quite honestly. So either you need to put a mask on and go knock on some doors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

or or you need to come down here shortly after Halloween, and the kids here

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

can let you try and sample

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:10]

all of the things that you're unfamiliar with. Because it's 2021, and the candy scene's changed. It's changed quite a bit. Well, I told you. I tried that cookies and cream Twix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

Oh, it's so good. I love those. You know, I'm just a sucker for white chocolate in general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

It's not even chocolate. Whatever it is. Like, I'm I'm good with it. Almond bark. Yeah. Sign me up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:33]

Alright. Alright. The other thing the other thing I wanna talk about tonight was form versus function. I know you were not terribly interested in this when you saw it on the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:41]

But if you've been following the Twitterverse, and I know, John, that you have all this time now that you're in an office and you are addicted to Twitter on that phone that has a really long lasting battery. By the way, how's that going with the whole work thing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:56]

My battery lasts a whole lot longer now that I'm at work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

Oh, because you're not looking at it? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:02]

Oh, alright. Well, hey, here you go, Apple.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

I I wanna talk about form versus function, because the Internet's kinda blown up a little bit with these new MacBook Pros that came out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

You watched the event. One of the big things was the the reintroduction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:18]

of an HDMI port, the reintroduction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

of an SD card reader.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

And I I I think that was it. They didn't put on USB a ports.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:27]

But I saw some folks Okay. Who made this assertion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:32]

function was overtaking form.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

And I thought that this was the most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:38]

boneheaded comment to make,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:40]

because I I actually think the total opposite is true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:44]

Right? Yep. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:46]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

there's this notion out there that form is somehow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

in in conflict with function.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

Right? And I think that the beauty of Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:59]

ten years ago

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

we'll ten years ago, and I'll I'll explain in a bit, is that form and function went hand in hand. Right? And so you had beautiful things that made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

logical sense in the real world. Now, has always been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

super aggressive on emerging technology. Right? So they got rid of the floppy drive and the CD ROM drive well before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:20]

other companies did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:21]

And so when they see Do miss seeing their listings, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

I don't. I don't. You know? In fact,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

I bought this is probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:29]

eight years ago now, I bought the I think it's called a super drive or whatever, the USB powered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

CD ROM drive. I have it. I've used it maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:39]

maybe a dozen times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

Even that feels generous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

Yep. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:46]

just not something I need. I don't buy DVDs, so maybe that's part of it. Even if I bought DVDs, I'm not sure that I would watch them on my laptop anyhow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:53]

Yep. Because I got a TV for that. But I I just think Apple was a bit of ahead of the curve. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

went

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

hardcore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:02]

USB c, I I do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

actually believe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

they went too fast and too aggressive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:09]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

I think dropping the HDMI port

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

was foolish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:16]

It it it pushed us into this world of dongles for everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

And the dongle thing has been a punch line and a joke for a while, but I, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:27]

it wasn't great. Right? And when they revealed this Mac, they actually said, you don't need a dongle in order to use it. You know? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

but for me, this this MacBook Pro is the reconciliation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:41]

of form and function. I don't see them at that odds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

And I was just curious what your take was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

you know, can you have form,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

like a good form,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

without function?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

That I that I think is really the heart of the matter here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:57]

On a computer, I would say no.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:00]

Good design

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:02]

always

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:03]

at its core has how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:05]

it is used.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:07]

So if something is designed well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:10]

it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:11]

designed well to be usable for the target user.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:15]

So you see this in web design. You see this in print books,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:20]

like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

Yeah. Like, the font matters. Right? The weight of the page actually matters. The way that the book opens and the way that the binding handles being opened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

are all important things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:34]

to the primary function of the book, which is to, like, convey the thing that you're reading. Right? If it's not comfortable in my hands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

and, you know, to my eyes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:42]

it doesn't matter that it's gorgeous. Right. Yeah. And the same thing, like, what if you could have really pretty page numbers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:50]

but if they weren't in order, they wouldn't be useful?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

Like Yeah. That's a that's a good example there, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:58]

I think that software has gotten better about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:01]

merging form and function or understanding the balance of them. And and Apple has made some choices over the last few years

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:09]

that have I just think have been ill informed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:12]

I I don't I don't know if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:14]

there there seems to have been, at some point, a priority to make the device as thin as possible. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:19]

And there were some really bad trade offs, like the the key travel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

and those keyboards were notoriously bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:27]

Right? And probably the front facing camera that you've complained about until recently. Oh, good god. Don't even get me started. You know, and it it's I like, the thing is the MacBook Pro is an improvement there, but it's still just a modest improvement. We've been but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:40]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:42]

they've they've opted for something so thin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

that they've tied their hands in a lot of ways.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:49]

The the touch bar is another great example of I still have no idea

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:54]

what they were thinking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:56]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:57]

It it just it it was it was beautiful. It was lovely to look at. I enjoyed, you know, flicking through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

emojis. That was about it though. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:08]

So, you know, there that that's a place where I think the the form

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:13]

was just completely negated by the function. Right? Because there was no there was no practical reason for me to mess with this thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:19]

Or any developers to actually develop for it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:22]

Yeah. Didn't nobody nobody did that. I think they thought that developers would jump on it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:28]

but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:29]

like, it's too it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:31]

too much of a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:33]

deviation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:34]

from how people have always used computers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:37]

and it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:38]

still on the same thing. So, like, with the iPhone,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:41]

they bought themselves

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:43]

room for developers to be excited and experiment with stuff because it was brand new.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:49]

So And they've they've also they've been able to make, I I think, more bold pivots

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:55]

on the iPhone. Like, when they removed the button, right, they actually shifted where things were located at on the orientation of the screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:03]

Actually think it worked out for the best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:06]

It was a it was a bold move. It was just was so fundamentally

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:09]

different. The the computer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:11]

is, think first of all, it's got a lot more history, as you as you pointed out. Right? But it's also, like, there's only so many things you could do with this form factor, you know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:22]

I I I genuinely believe that Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:26]

lost sight of their customers. They made a reference. I I I went back and I watched this. They actually made a reference

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:32]

in the presentation of the MacBook Pro about listening to customers' feedback when they were putting this device together. I think it shows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:38]

And I think that also is an area where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:42]

they tried to inform

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:44]

form

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:45]

without function. Right? By by moving the customer out of the picture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

and just trying to do something that looked great. Yep. And they assumed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:54]

right, that if they just got rid of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:56]

all of the ports,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:58]

then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:58]

customers would come along with it. But then reality kicked in. And I I think the other thing too that dawned on me this week is that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:06]

this is this this new MacBook Pro is 120%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:10]

a pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:12]

user device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:14]

And pro users have different needs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:16]

from, you know, the the average Joe's of the day. Right? And I and I think you go back to the fact that the m one Max, the the original m one Max, could only do one external display. These can do multiple. Right? You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:29]

you couldn't have gotten away I don't think you could get away with a pro device that could only support one monitor. I just don't I just don't think that would that would be doable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:37]

This HDMI port

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:39]

is is fascinating to me because I I actually think that does belong on the consumer grade. Everybody everybody's got I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:45]

monitors by and large are still HDMI based. HDMI

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:49]

has gotten better too. Like, most people

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:53]

like, you replace your monitor a lot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:55]

And how many monitors have you gone through in the last ten years?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:00]

Three? Last ten years, probably probably three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:04]

maybe four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:06]

If you had narrowed it down to five years, it would be two. And then six or seven, it would still be two. The the challenge is, like, ten years ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:14]

monitors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:15]

were not as like, the monitor I have now is so significantly better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:20]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:21]

That in a ten year window, I'd probably up. But you're an outlier. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:24]

Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't know how many people use computers at home anymore.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:30]

Much less have Yeah. Displays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:34]

Well, I I only have the one display. So Yeah. I did that from a focus standpoint. Who knows? Maybe I'll go back to two. We'll see. Time will tell.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:41]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:43]

anyhow, I I just have been reflecting a lot on this this laptop, because I think it's one, definitely the right direction for Apple in terms of balancing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:51]

customer feedback, where they want to go, and where everybody is actually at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:57]

And I don't think form and function are at odds. I I actually think they they work

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:01]

best when they go together. So So I think that, Steve Jobs probably played a role

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:08]

in mitigating this in the past

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:11]

because he was very much about the beauty of design,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:15]

but also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:17]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:18]

the functionality. I think it was the first iPhone he was talking about. He didn't like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:23]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:25]

user

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:26]

experience of plugging the phone in because he didn't know if it was charging or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:30]

So they, like, put in an audible click to plug it in, and things like that. So I I wonder how much of just, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:38]

kind of the gut check he provided in those product demos and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:43]

Well, yeah, if you remember the original

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:46]

iPhone announcement, right, he kept talking about how it feels good in the hand. Yep. He talked about the the grip on it. Right? And and, like, yeah, it looked great, but the the actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:56]

physical tangibility of it was was practical. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:00]

Not just purely aesthetic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:03]

I think you can actually get a lot of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:05]

And, you know, it also goes back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:08]

in many ways to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:10]

the shape of these devices and the constraints.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:13]

Now, I know I've got the big phone. Right? My

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:17]

my thumb

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:19]

does not reach the top right corner without having to do some shimmying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:23]

But the phone that most people use,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:26]

your thumb can still like, the average thumb can still get to most of the screen. Right? Like, I think I think you have some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:32]

functional limitations that we've we've had on these devices

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:36]

all along.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:39]

And I just think they got carried away with the Mac. That's really what it comes down to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:44]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:46]

alright, John. Wow, man. Candy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:50]

Macs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:51]

we've been all over the place. Being in an office again, I don't even I can't even imagine even had a live taste test.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:57]

And Yeah. We did. We were joined

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:59]

by the final member of your household.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:03]

The whole 11 household have been on it show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:07]

Yep. I still am not entirely sure I've gotten that cinnamon snickers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:11]

taste out of my mouth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:13]

Also, that's that's that was 200 calories.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:16]

Missus Lemon did not take that big of a bite. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:19]

I'm gonna have to go for a walk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:21]

There you go. Take vaxx.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:23]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:24]

Until

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:26]

next time, my friend. Later, Stanley. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:29]

is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go get a vaccine.

