---
title: Atlanta and Alexa
episode: 6
date: "2018-08-23T07:00:51.000Z"
slug: atlanta-alexa/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation between Sam and John covers various smart home devices,
  energy efficiency, and routine discussions. They talk about their experiences
  with different products, such as the WeMo Insight, smart switches, and a smart
  TV that turns off automatically after a certain time. The discussion also
  touches on daily routines and productivity, although it's not taken seriously
  by Sam.
keywords:
  - smart home devices
  - energy efficiency
  - smart switches
  - smart TV
  - automatic shutdown
  - daily routine
  - productivity
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Okay. So there's a there's a fair chance that my family might interrupt their recording

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

mainly because, you know, we don't plan well or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

listen to instructions or know how to read a clock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

I'm referring mostly to my children.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

Right. So it's kinda like we really are just talking on the phone. So we'll just roll with it. That's exactly right. Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

yeah. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

I cannot tell you how many times that I start a conversation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

and my kids just start talking. Right? And it's whatever it is is very important to them, but I'm like in the middle of something and I have to you know, cause they don't they can't take a hint. Right? So I'm signaling them, hey. Stop. Pause. Whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

So I have to actually tell the person I'm talking to, often you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:12]

hey. Can you hold on a second? And meanwhile, you can hear, you know, Henry, Lucy, Evelyn, whoever flapping their gums in the background going to town.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

Yeah. And we just roll with it. Usually, it's about Legos.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

On my end, you may hear some thunder because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

we're getting a pretty good storm right now, which wasn't happening five minutes ago. So there's that. You can edit that out, though. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

Maybe if I'm not talking over it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

Well, if you hear thunder, don't talk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

Alright. Sounds good, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:46]

hey, I guess what I did today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

flew back from Atlanta.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:51]

No. That was that was yesterday. Oh. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:54]

I don't know. What did you do today, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

I went to church.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:00]

that's good on a Thursday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:02]

Yeah. So it's a day late. They were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

pastors got a confession study group, and they were celebrating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

the door mission of Mary, the mother of our Lord. And so Full divine service. We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

have, like, a bunch of people listening.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

I'm sitting here listening to you talk. Can you explain what the heck that means?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

It's it's a festival in the church here commemorating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

the death of Mary, the mother of Jesus. Ah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:32]

Dormition

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

means death.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

Got it. Yeah. Or or sleep, I think, is probably more Dormer. The Latin. Yeah. Dormatory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

Right. There you go. There you go. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

So anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

pastors got a study group with a bunch of other pastors,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

wanted

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

a organist and I happen to have one that lives with me. So I That you're married too. Yeah. You know, I And I volunteered. Wedding.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

Yeah. So I volunteered her as soon as he brought it up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

and we went and we did that. So it's kinda nice. I it was funny. He Does she still freak out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

when she has to play organ?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

Not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

not like she used to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

So I like, her stress level goes up really high when she hasn't been playing for a bit. Mhmm. And I'm I'm sure that's true with, like, all musicians,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:19]

all artists of any sort that need to perform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

But she's she's gotten better about it. That's that's for sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

Because I remember asking her to play for our wedding and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:28]

she freaked out just a little bit. But then Oh, yeah. Going and said she could play whatever she wanted except I wanted these three hymns. So Yeah. Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

keep in mind too, like, the folks you had at your wedding,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

she didn't wanna sound like an idiot in front of. Right? So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

you know, it's not it's not like just a bunch of regular old Anna is very important like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

Yeah. Anna Anna is definitely very important to that. But you know everyone else that I'm talking about who is a critic. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

So but no. This I mean, she probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:02]

if she thought about it too much, would have been nervous because there's a bunch of pastors. Right? So there are always critics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

But, nonetheless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

divine service in the middle of the week after I put out the candles, pastor thanked me, and I told him, no. Thank you for the bonus round.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

Can't go wrong, man. Can't go wrong. There you go. I might run down to Iowa City, not for church, but for a milkshake run with all the college students who are coming back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

I mean, that's kinda like the divine service. It's close. Yeah, man. Milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

I'd I'd be really curious to see how refined your palate is on the milkshake front because I feel like I feel like this is really complicated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

It's it's a really complicated area. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:48]

So so so density,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

you know, fat content are really important in milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

And and I like, I am a big fan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

of the creamy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

thick milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

but the milkshake that you can Otherwise Exactly. Exactly. You can't drink it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

So they're going to this place that I haven't been to, but it's apparently like this historic Iowa City icon called the Hamburg Inn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:14]

Are you kidding me? We'll see what it's like. Yeah. Apparently, it's like a stop for all the the presidential can candidates whenever they're in town.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

I thought that was all of Iowa.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

Well, all of Iowa. Yes. But when they're in Iowa City, they usually make a point to stop at the Hamburg Inn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

Well, if I should ever visit you, you will have to take me to the Hamburg Inn, and I can evaluate their milkshakes. I will tell you, man. So if if I think they're no good, then I'm not gonna take you. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:44]

Okay. Alright. That's right. You know what milkshake I really do like?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

Five

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

Guys milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

They do they do have a peanut butter banana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

Woah. I don't know that I've had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

that complex of a flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

I have I have had a milkshake at Five Guys and it was delicious, but I think it was more like chocolate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:06]

Yeah. Chocolate peanut butter banana man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

Let let me ask Best you milkshake I've ever had. Do you consider a Frosty to be a milkshake? I do not. You have to eat it with a spoon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

or bread fries. Some people do that. Prefer preferably french fries. But it's interesting because some people consider the frosty to be Wendy's answer to the milkshake. And and unequivocally to me, it's not. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Alright. Well, at least we're we're in agreement on that one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:34]

So you've got a list of places that if I come to Iowa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

we're gonna head up. I have a list of places that if I should ever find myself in Atlanta with you, that we'll head up. Interesting. Just to be clear, I do not live in Atlanta. To Atlanta for cheap. Cheaper than I can fly to Indy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

So if I didn't so closely associate Atlanta with work,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

I would say, let's meet up down there. But, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

I'm not even sure that I could relax in Atlanta. However, I do eat. Boy, do I eat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

I spent a week I know about your per diems. I'm sure you eat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

I was under per diem every day this week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

I I I I travel for work and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

I've got places that I go to and I've I've always got places I explore because I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

I work up in the Buckhead,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

corner of Atlanta and there's there's just a bunch of places to eat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

This round, I got to go back to a place I've been before called Alma Cochina.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

It's a it's like a fancy Mexican restaurant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

and they had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

what is arguably one of the greatest things I've ever put in my mouth, which was it was a I believe it was cojita cheese,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

like like flash fries. It was crunchy in the outside, and then they put it in a bowl. It was a block, like a brick, like literally brick size. They put it in a bowl of salsa verde, and it was a stone bowl.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

That salsa verde was boiling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:02]

when it came out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

And so it was like it was like a Mexican,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

mozzarella stick, but but cojita cheese. Right? In boiling salsa verde, and they gave you a spoon, and you scooped out big crunchy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

sizzling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

spicy wads of cheese and salsa verde onto tortillas and you ate it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:22]

That sounds amazing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

And salsa verde is the way to my heart. So Oh, it it was it was unbelievably delicious. So delicious in fact that one of the gentlemen at our table ordered a second one. So Wow. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

Yeah. They've got they've got good food just in general, but this was something I had not had before and and pretty much rocked my world. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:46]

That that sounds amazing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:48]

Can you, like, work on a recipe that you can make at home there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

I I mean, I can try. I don't so here's the thing. I don't know how to do the the bowl,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

like, stone bowl that's boiling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

I'm sure there's a way. Maybe I need to buy, like, a green egg or something. I feel like you need a green egg. You know what a green egg is? I've seen them before in my random

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

browsing through the interwebs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

You mean lusting for grills? Yeah. Something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

Soon, Stan, but I'll probably buy, like, a cheap grill just so I can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:23]

make stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

All all it takes is a little bit of fire, man. I started off with a super cheap grill,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:30]

and with time, eased my way up into my Weber. So There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

Hey. So speaking of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

things that are new and lusting for on the Internet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

I I saw a video that leads me to believe you purchased an Alexa?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

I did not purchase one. I had one on my Amazon wish list, and I received an early anniversary gift to which my wife was not very happy, but I am thrilled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

So okay. I I this is confusing to me because I thought you didn't want to get into the voice assistants that listen to everything you say.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

So the security student in me would still agree with that. But then I found, like, the song quiz skill on Alexa, and I am completely addicted, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:20]

The song quiz skill. So hold on. What what does this do exactly? So you play song quiz, and then you can either play with multiple people in the same room. Tell her, like, how many people are playing one to 10. And if it's one, you get paired up with these people that I'm led to believe have played in the past, and then you just get the same set of questions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:40]

But then you choose a music era, so I usually go with nineties or two thousands.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:46]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

they play

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:48]

ten seconds of a song. You try to guess the song or artist for full points. If you guess both, you get bonus points.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

That sounds really complicated. And you just play this randomly while you're at your house? I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

That, I play question of the day. I play Jeopardy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

Like, Alexa's really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:07]

there for my trivia needs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

So it's like for you, Alexa's a gaming platform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

That's what you're telling me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:15]

For the most part. Yeah. Okay. I'm not I'm not judging. I did set up a morning routine. So the morning routine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:22]

tells me some random fact about the day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

estimates my commute to work, tells me what the weather's gonna be like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

and then plays the higher things daily reflection.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:35]

Oh, look at you fancy pants. Have not figured out how to get it to read through my calendar as part of the morning routine, so I have to ask for what's on my calendar separately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

Okay. That was gonna be my next question is if you had exposed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

your calendar to Alexa or not. And it sounds like you have. I have. You've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

completely abandoned all security concerns, it sounds like.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

So my calendar, I'm really not that concerned about because most of the time, only I'm gonna understand what's on it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

So yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:08]

having my credit card information saved on Amazon was just a bigger security risk than exposing it to my calendar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:16]

Do you have the, like, instant buy stuff enabled at all? I do not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

K. That that is a wise move. I once ordered, like, a thousand pounds of bananas on a friend's Alexa

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

just because I could.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

That would make sense. So you probably don't have that enabled either?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

I don't think so. But every time I have a conversation like this, I think to myself, I should go check that, and then I always forget to. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:42]

one of these days, kids are gonna realize that they can order Pokemon cards, and it's, you know, all all bets are off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

But, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

So what are you using, Stan? Is the Echo plugged in?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

The the Echo is plugged in. So I when we moved, I dragged my feet quite a while before I plugged it back in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

I bought the original Echo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

when it first came out when it was only available for Prime users. There was a limited quantity. I went all in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

It was, like, super early beta. Right? This is pre Siri. This is pre Google Home or whatever it's called. It was it was pre all that stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

a lot of the the skills that people use today weren't there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

I so I've never gotten into a lot of the, like, more complex skills. I do not have a morning routine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

I I mean that in a literal sense, like, do not have a morning routine, but I also don't have a morning routine on Alexa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

And so I I've not gotten into that, but I am familiar with it. What I do use it for primarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

is for timers when I'm cooking. I use I use it religiously,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

and I know you and I have talked about this before that I could set a timer on Siri or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:56]

you know, just by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

using my phone. But the thing that the Alexa has had since day one that has been like a killer feature for me is concurrent timers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:07]

Right. So I can set I can set a timer for this loaf of bread and this other thing I'm doing, and it's not a big deal. Whereas, you know, for whatever reason, iOS has been limited to one timer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

Alright. Timers is a big deal for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:21]

It is the most expensive timer in my life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

by far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:27]

But the other thing that I use it for is I have a ton of Wemos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

which is made by Belkin. It's they're basically smart

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

sockets, if you will, smart smart outlets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

that I have distributed throughout the house with various rules.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:41]

And so you will see me walking around saying,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

hey, Alexa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

you know, turn on the lights or hey, Alexa. Actually, it doesn't do that one anymore. Did that in the old house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

I'll I'll do, like, Alexa, turn on the TV. Alexa, turn on the printer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

Alexa, turn on the dehumidifier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:59]

those kind of things. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

I I haven't really done much beyond that. I have other smart home type stuff, but for me, Alexa really has just been the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

the timers and the outlets. I I'm I'm not an Amazon Music user, and I'm not a Spotify premium user. So for me, it hasn't really helped out in music. I'm I'm an iCloud or, excuse me, Apple Music guy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

and it just doesn't doesn't do anything there. So here's what I suggest you do, is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

ask her to play, like, general music. Like, last night, I asked her to play

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:36]

twenties jazz,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:37]

and it was the greatest thing ever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

And there's, like, a bunch of stuff that's included with Prime that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

not included on just Amazon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:46]

music, like, without any subscription.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

you got that going. But if you're gonna ask for a specific song, then she probably won't have it. Yeah. Nine times out of 10 is a sample or it just drives me nuts. But I I will try the twenties jazz.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

I I will say I do have Alexa hooked up to my Sonos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

So when I play music, all I have to say is, you know, play x y z in the living room.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

And I get, like, good quality sounding music. Because I don't know how the newer Lexus sound,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

but the the the original

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

speaker was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

I also have a dot, and the speaker on that actually makes my ears bleed when music comes through it. I believe that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:28]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:29]

did purchase some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

smart outlets. I didn't go Wemo because as I've said before, I'm cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

So the ones that I have hook up with Smart Life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

Okay. And so far, I just have them on a couple of lamps throughout the house, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:46]

so far, it's working pretty well. I actually freaked out my wife when I was turning them on from the app from work while she was at home over lunch today. So So, that was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

you know, I just remembered something else I have hooked up. In the new house, we got ecobee's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

Ecobee's. Those Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

The thermostats.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

So I smart thermostats. I've got two zones upstairs downstairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

So I can ask Alexa like, hey, what's the temperature? I can have her set the temperature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

In practice,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

I don't do that, but I can and that's cool. I have in the past asked like what the temperature is mostly to show friends. And I I think that's like that's the kind of the thing that I've hit. Right? Is that some of these things are really novel. They're not terribly practical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

or Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:34]

Not practical enough to to build a habit out of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

You know, I think I think if I use or if there was an integration between Alexa and say, Overcast, the app I use for podcast listening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

I would I would probably use it for that. I would probably use it for that quite a bit. Right. But there's not so, you know I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:55]

do get the weather. I should I should clarify that. I do get pirate scores when I am motivated to pay attention to the pirates.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

For for those that don't know, they traded away Andrew McCutchen, and I'm I'm still in denial. So this has not really been a season that I've paid much attention to. But, you know, previous years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

I I've done that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:15]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

But soon it'll be football season, and then you can ask about the Steelers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

Yeah. I don't know that I will because there's not like, the difference between baseball and football, right, is that there's not going to be a football game that I do not watch in real time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

And so, you know, with with the Pirates, it's so much baseball that I'd I'd not gonna catch every game. Right? I might not even look at my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

at each at each

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

game after it's done. And so I could just periodically say, you know, how how did the Pirates do today?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

You know, when's the next time they play? That kind of thing. And that was handy. But with football, like, I it's, you know, I've only got 16 games guaranteed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

And, you know, usually, I I hope for a couple more. But I've only got 16 games guaranteed, I know when they are. I almost always watch them live,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

and I'm not missing a score, so I don't really need that update.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

But what about, like, what all the other teams are doing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

or do you not care?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

I mean, I'm a Steelers fan, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

I I would like again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

football is primarily a Sunday thing. Right? So all day long, scores are scrolling across the bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

I I catch those things, so it I there's it's not very often that I miss

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

how other teams are performing. I pay attention to my division, obviously. I pay attention to my conference a little less than my division,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

and then I keep a, you know, vague awareness of what's going on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

in in the other conference. But mostly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:44]

I I can catch it while actually watching the game. And typically, like, if the Steelers have a 01:00 game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

I will still watch football at four, and I will still watch football at eight. I just enjoy football, so I catch it all. There's not again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

there's only, you know, seventeen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

guaranteed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

weeks

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

all the teams to play. And then after that, you're in post season. I watch all those games, so it's not,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:10]

I don't know, it's just not a lot for me to miss. So in a couple weeks, you're gonna have to find a different cohost so that you can talk football because I'm not gonna pay attention to any of it. I may pay attention to when the Iowa hawkeyes are playing just so that I can avoid Iowa City at that time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

I believe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

John, I believe that this is the year that I will get you to pay attention somehow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

I I just I believe that we can do this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

You make the food. I'll show up for the game. Oh, now we're talking. Scroll through Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:42]

Did say that if the Steelers went to the Super Bowl, I would come watch a Super Bowl with you. Not not if not if, John. When they go to a Super Bowl. Yeah. Come on. Right. Get with the program. When. Uh-huh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

Anyway Now, this this year this year, you'll watch. I've I've I'm a believer. I'm a believer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

Have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

you looked at any other type of home automation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

home smart stuff?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:08]

So I was just kinda looking at different devices that would pair with it. I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:14]

moving into a house, I'll probably do something with smart thermostats or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:20]

You didn't have great luck with the lock that you had,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:25]

but it looks like they have become more advanced since you bought one where you can actually replace the lock.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

So that might be worth something too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

Well, mine mine replaced the lock. The problem I had with mine so I I bought the original August lock,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

like the first one that released. And the moral of this story is when you are the first to do anything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

it's it's not full featured. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:48]

So the problem with the the original August lock was that it was only Bluetooth enabled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

And in order to leave it you know, I mean, first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

your your phone's constantly checking its location and proximity to the door in order to unlock it in advance for you. So it it just ate my battery more than I was comfortable with. The other thing is that what I really wanted it for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

was to be able to unlock the house for someone else. Right. Particularly like my mother-in-law. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

for that to work, like August had the app so that you could pair your friend's phone and all this jazz. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:24]

you know, get my mother-in-law. Like unlock it from Atlanta for her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

Exactly. Right. Now, they that has changed since they've they've added there it's a bridge that you can plug into the wall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

and it basically pairs over Bluetooth to the lock, and it, you know, connects up to to WiFi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

And and the the reason right is because for the lock itself to have WiFi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

support, it needs more juice than the batteries are gonna give it. Know, Bluetooth low energy is is is just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

no it it consumes so much less juice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

I I should have probably just bought the bridge. That's really what I wanted. I just I haven't. And I didn't put it on the new house. Maybe I will at some point. The other thing I would say is that it seems to me like the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:08]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

the fancy doors, like, for the front, it those locks just don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

they don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

mesh well into that setup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

So I had it on what we would have called our our garage or backdoor on the old house. I've thought about doing it to one of the external garage doors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

not the external. The one of the side door to the garage that we have here. I just haven't gotten around to it. We have a number pad interestingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:35]

on the door that's that connects the garage to the house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

and that's been pretty handy. I've I have no idea how to reprogram it. I don't know if it supports multiple codes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

It's not the same idea, but but it's, you know, it's it's cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

So those are the things that I would kind of consider.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

I think it would be really cool to get some sort of motion activated camera

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

on the front door or something like that too, especially if you're getting packages delivered or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

A lot of people around here have those Ring doorbells. Have you looked at those? I have not. I don't have a house yet. I'm still looking at the house before I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

go and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

turn it into a Cadillac.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:19]

There you go. I don't know how these integrate with Alexa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

but but they're they're basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

a motion

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

detecting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

camera that you put over your doorbell,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:30]

and it pushes notifications to you, hey, someone's near the door,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:35]

that kind of thing. I I've not like, it's not been a big deal for me with packages because I get I'm like, I get emails from UPS and FedEx every time someone ships something to me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

and I get, you know, tracking emails along the way. Yeah. I'm talking about when somebody tries to come and steal it off your doorstep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

Do you do you actually like, have you actually ever had that happen? I haven't, but I have a secured entry apartment. So there's that. Yeah. I've never had that happen. Like, I don't sometimes I feel like some of that stuff is blown out of proportion. Right? Like, that's think about it. That is a really great marketing scheme for Ring. You know? Right. Don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

let your packages get stolen. And and I will say, like That's easy for you to say, you work from home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:17]

You get the text message, and you tell text Sarah, say, hey. Go bring my package.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

I I don't I don't see them. They don't ring the doorbell, and I don't I don't pay attention to the day. Like, you'd be surprised. Sometimes UPS, USPS, and FedEx have piled stuff up outside the door that is right next to my office, and nobody realized it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

Yeah. It's a little embarrassing. So, you know, if someone's thinking of robbing me during the day, might be a safer bet because I'm sitting right here not paying attention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

I probably we probably should edit that out. I I don't I don't know that I really wanna advertise that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

This is a no edit podcast, Stan. Oh, right. Crap.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

My kids got on my case for saying the c word on on the podcast when they overheard. So I I gotta I gotta watch my language.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

Keep it rated g.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

The c word?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

Yeah. Crap. I just said it. And now you made me say it again. So I'm I'm gonna be in double trouble with my kids. Thanks, John. Appreciate that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:19]

What are Sorry, lemon children.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

Don't take after your father.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

the how many how many switches did you get? How many I have two outlets.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:33]

They don't have any of the fancy, like, electric tracking like you do. So it's mostly control devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

Okay. I I only have the one Wemo Insight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

So the old the other Wemos I have, I've got like, I don't know, six or seven,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

or just the old clunky

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Right. On or off one. And they're fine. I would say here's here's what I've here's what I've learned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:57]

within the last couple months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

Most of the devices that I would plug in to a WeMo Insight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

it's not actually valuable to gather that data. Here's why I say that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

The non Alexa thing that I did

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

for this house, the the new house, is I bought a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

what the heck is it called? A sense. Like a sense energy monitor, s e n s e. I think it's it's either sense.com or getsense.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

And what it is is it is a a device that you clip

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

directly onto the main feeds in your electric box,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

and it attempts to read or distinguish the frequency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

of, electricity going across the the wire to to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

separate out the things in your home. So rather than track it at the outlet, it tracks it from the total draw of the home. A bunch of little things it doesn't doesn't filter out because they're little things,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

but it will identify things like my refrigerator,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

my deep freezer, my HVAC unit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

my,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

some of my lights it picks out. Those sort of things, and so I can see a dishwasher,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

washer dryer, that kind of stuff. Right? And so I can see those all break down. It's picked up just enough of the little things for me to basically know that if I want to save energy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

at at my home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

it is not going to be because I'm removing an iPhone brick from an outlet. I think I think that's like a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:26]

really common misnomer that somehow the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

you know, Razer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

charger is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

adding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

dollars and dollars onto my electric bill. In reality, it's not same with the television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

Unless your television's, like, 10 old,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

it's it's probably not actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

like, putting a serious dent into your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

your energy bill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

But because of that, the WeMo Insight, I mean, it's it's nifty. I the one place I do use it is I use it on the dehumidifier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

the the smart energy stuff was able to separate out the dehumidifier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

you know, like, it's it's not really not really doing anything for me there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

Well, good. So I didn't spend money that I didn't need to spend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

Exactly. Yeah. I I I guess that's kinda where I what I'm getting at. Right? It's like, don't don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

that that's necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

worth it. I think the ability the ability to control on or off is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

far more valuable. And if the switches that you buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

have the ability to do things like turn this off at a certain time Yep. Or turn it off after it's been on for some period of time. I think those are actually more helpful. So as an example, right, my printer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

Like, most of the time, it doesn't need to be on. It actually does use

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

more energy than I would have guessed. Like, it rivals my laptop. Right? Mhmm. So I have that set to after I turn it on, it shuts off after an hour just automatically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

most of the time I turn it on, we print something, and we walk away and we're done. And it'll be off for days. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

In way, I don't have to worry about someone forgetting, which they would do, and and that's just, you know, whatever. Yep. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

other thing that I've done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

in the past, I think actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

the TV is set up this way, is after 01:00 in the morning, the TV turns off. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:18]

we don't watch a lot of TV, but I don't I don't need to, like, run all of the smart boxes and the TV, even in standby mode. It was a bigger deal when I had the old TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

which was was a energy guzzler.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

But, you know, it just automatically turns it off. I'm not gonna be up at 01:00 looking at it anyhow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

Unless I'm around and we're binge watching through the Punisher.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

It did do that, didn't it? I forgot about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

You okay. So here's another time it did it. It was in the middle of a Steelers game that was in overtime. Oh, no. Oh, it made me so mad. Because that was the cable box. And you know how long a cable box to start up? Oh, it was awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

That's like that's probably one of the worst moments of watching football next to the time the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

steelers lost to that team from Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:06]

That team from Wisconsin that you are part owner of?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

I don't wanna talk about it. Actually, I think I think we might have a preseason game against those jokers tonight. So I'll have to Yeah. Go check that. I don't normally pay that much attention to preseason, but football is football, and I am ready for some in my life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:23]

Well, good luck with that, Sam. I will hopefully go get a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

I I think you should. And I I want a full analysis next week. I wanna know exactly how the breakdown is. I hope you'll Instagram some pictures or whatever it is that you kids do these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:38]

I'll work on that, or I'll have the college students do it for me. There you go. Now we're talking. Put them to work. They need to learn responsibility.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

Alright. We covered everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

that we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

said that we would cover in our secret note that you added to since I added it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:56]

And then Yeah. I guess we can take that daily routine slash productivity topic off since you said you don't have a routine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

Well, we could we could definitely spend a half hour just talking about how I know you do a routine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:10]

Next time, John. We'll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

see you later. See you, buddy.
