---
title: "Milkshake Flavored Pop-Tarts, Customer Support, and Solo: A Star Wars Story"
episode: 27
date: "2019-01-17T13:39:48.000Z"
slug: >-
  milkshake-flavored-pop-tarts-customer-support-and-solo-a-star-wars-story/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around a discussion about the movie Solo: A Star
  Wars Story, its portrayal of Han Solo's backstory, and the potential for
  Disney+ to offer live-action shows and content related to Star Wars
  characters. John mentions his interest in a possible Loki series on Disney+,
  while also revealing that he has Taylor Swift as a Facebook friend, which is
  seen as an attempt to prove his supposed lack of time spent on social media.
  The conversation ends with John mentioning the need to continue their
  discussion next week.
keywords:
  - Solo A Star Wars Story
  - Disney+
  - Han Solo
  - Star Wars characters
  - Loki series
  - Disney+
  - Taylor Swift
  - Facebook
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So I got those Pop Tarts you told me about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:28]

Those

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

milkshake flavored Pop Tarts?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

Those are the ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

How do you think, how do think they turned out, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:39]

My guess is probably tasted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

like a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

strawberry Pop Tart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

But there was a distinct,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

like, cream flavor to it. So it was like, this is your typical strawberry Pop Tart plus something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

creamy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

And I I don't know how else to describe it other than that because it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

it wasn't like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

it wasn't like ice cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

It wasn't like yogurt. Right. But it was Interesting. Like it was trying to be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

It had sprinkles on it, which I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:14]

in in all of my milkshake experimentation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

I have yet to get one that sprinkles came on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

so that was a little different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

I forgot how dry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

the the actual pastry part of a Pop Tart can be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:33]

Lucy helped me heat up the first set that we had because the box comes with eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Missus Lemon refused to participate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

So there were four there were four of us left.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

She did eventually try it, but she didn't wanna have anything to do with it out out the gate. But Is she around? Can we get her hot take on the on the Pop Tart? I think she's walking the dog right now. So Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Sorry, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:57]

If if she gets back while while we're still talking about it, I'll I'll I'll flag her down. But suffice to say that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

Lucy took the first Pop Tart over to put it in the toaster oven, and it's it literally started crumbling in her hands

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

in real time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

I told her, like, you can't you know, Pop Tart is not something you can hold by the side. Right? Right. You you have to cradle it, you know, just like you would a little baby chick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

And so I explained this to her. She understood it. She was able to to heat up the rest of them without my assistance, so that was good. The kids loved it. And Of course, they did. You know, they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

they they'll believe anything that's printed on the side of a box. So they very quickly declared that it was, in fact, milkshake flavored.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

I asked them to describe that for me. Like, what what about it was reminded them of a milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

and they they just couldn't put it into words. So I don't if they were overwhelmed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

or what, but, yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

it happened.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

I So are you gonna be buying them again? No. There's there's not a chance in all of high heaven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:04]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

So the first of all, they're they're just they weren't that good. Right? I mean Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

The other thing is they're kind of expensive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

and on top of that, they're 200 calories of Pop Tart,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

and I that's a Pop Tart. Right? Mind you, there are two in a package.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

And and I was left starving afterwards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

So Right. You know, that that is not an adequate breakfast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

I I took one for the team, you know, for for life with a twist of lemon. I I ate a strawberry

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:36]

milkshake flavored Pop Tart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

I will tell you one last bit on this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

As I was in the grocery store and picked out the box, there was actually a store clerk

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

stocking shelves right next to me, and she looked at me and rolled her eyes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

I don't know what to make of that, but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

So we posted a picture of that on the Facebook page. Right? That made it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

Yes. You with the box. Yeah. Okay. We also we also posted a picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

of, colleagues of mine from the Atlanta office.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:14]

We are now listened to in Atlanta.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

Now there's one problem that I have with this photo. Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

apparently, there were three people around listening. Although,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

if you look closely at the phone, it was not being played when the picture was taken.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:35]

if they are all listeners,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:37]

they should all be downloading the episode to pad

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

our podcast counts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

Oh, so you object to the idea of communal listening?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

I don't object to the idea of communal listening so long as they each download it on at least one device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

Okay. Well, so you're the only person that sees the numbers for the podcast, I can understand why you care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

That didn't even faze me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:06]

But it is cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

Yeah. My building has listened

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

and posted a picture. That's our first listener picture ever, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

I I think so. Yeah. Of of people I got some pictures of of stickers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

but nobody know, like, people shots. Yeah. People shots make good marketing content.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

just to just kinda round this out. Thank you to Michael Westfall, Heather Darts, and Eric Berg, the photographer, who I do believe, at least in my heart of hearts, listens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

That's who was representing in that picture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

from the Atlanta office of Salesforce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

So there you go. How

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:43]

long have you been working with Pardot?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

Over five years now. Five yeah. Over five years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

And how many of those years have I been asking for Pardot swag?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:54]

Five.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

So now that I have fans in Atlanta, do you think that they would send me Pardot swag? Oh, you've got fans in Atlanta. I see how this goes. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

contrary to common belief, there's not, like, you know, this massive

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

vat of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

swag that we can just draw on at any given moment. But but, John, I will do everything in my power to keep an eye out for a a Pardot shirt for you. It was a good effort, though. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Need to Atlanta listeners.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

Go to the source.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

Oh, boy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:25]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

last week, I disparaged Apple,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

and I should've known better. You were angry because their screen time settings were not working, not saving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

And I I made that little video that you saw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

and I did what any,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

you know, raging millennial would do. I I posted to Twitter and If technology is broken,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Twitter can help. Yeah. And I tagged Apple support. I thought nothing of it. There's no way. There's no way anybody would,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

you know, look at this. So I got a message,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

and they asked me to DM them. And immediately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

was thinking, okay. I've been down this road before. I remember DMing with the good folks at AT and T,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

and and I I still have this message where I can show you that each day that a new support person picked it up, we we literally repeated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:16]

the messages from the previous day. So this this was my expectation. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

they were extremely thorough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

asked good questions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

We progressed through a series of debug steps, and I was generally pleased. I this whole time this whole time, I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

convinced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

that it would go no further than that. Right? They would tell me I needed to, like, wipe the device or whatever. Alright. They never once told me to reset any device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

You found a real bug, Stan? Well, it would seem so. So it gets better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

I get a message asking if an Apple support technician

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

can call me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

and work through the issue further. And I was like, sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

Why not? You know? What do I gotta lose?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

So my, my good friend Nate from Michigan called me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

we Did you tell him that you love Michigan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

I I didn't. We'd actually so he's originally from Indiana, so we wound up talking a little bit about football.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

He was really excited about the colts going to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

the playoffs. They lost. I haven't heard from him since, but, I'm sure he won't be as happy then. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

he, I showed him the video. Right? And he's like, wow. That's weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:37]

Find some support doc or whatever internal that references something like this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

and he gets a whole bunch of information from me, files a ticket that goes off to engineers with my original video. Right? Nice. Yeah. So I'm thinking, so far, this has gone a lot further than I thought. And then, you know, again, I have no expectations. I'm not gonna hear back from Nate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

Lo and behold, couple days later, I get another call. It's Nate. Nate's like, hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

The engineers are really intrigued by your bug, and they wanted to get some more debug information.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:11]

I was like Nice. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:13]

So he asks if we can install a profile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

on each of my devices. You're you're familiar with the profiles in iOS?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

Okay. Basically, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:27]

under general, there's a profile area. You if you ever do something like test flight or hockey app, it allows you to install apps from other providers, or you can enable logging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

you know, like, give over certain amounts of management of your device. Like, my work phone has, you know, profiles installed. Anyhow Got it. This profile was to increase the logging

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:50]

on my device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

And I was like, okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

We'll give this a shot. Did it on four devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

They had a very, precise set of steps that I was to reproduce on each of my devices.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

Then I plugged each device in, synced over the diagnostic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

logs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

zipped those up, and uploaded them through an Apple support portal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

and sent them off to my buddy Nate. This whole process took a little over an hour, so it's pretty involved. He was he was very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

aware of my time and availability. He was very conscientious of it. I was all around impressed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:27]

But I I literally have now had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

at at least two hours of Apple support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

people's time spent just looking at my issue, plus how many ever you know, how much ever time the Apple engineers have been looking at it. Now I haven't heard back from Nate. The issue is not resolved,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

but he assured me that they were going to look into it. They were pretty sure that it was on their end of the equation rather than on the device itself. So we'll see. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:56]

Nice. Yeah. So kudos

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:59]

to Apple support,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

and hopefully, they resolve your issue and then let you know that your issue is resolved because that would be cool. Yeah. I'm I'm pretty sure they'll hit me up. I mean, Nate did say he would follow-up. I I think he gave me, like, a five to seven business day kinda window.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

So, you know, we're I think that was Friday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

Yeah. It was Friday that he and I last talked. So, you know, it's only been two business days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

I I don't know, man. You know, I I've got such low expectations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

when I call support in general. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

And they called you. Yeah. They called me twice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:33]

Three times if you count the time when I had to reboot my phone while I was on with them as we're going through the debug process. I mean Right. Like, it's legit. So, you know, I I repent. I I was pretty grouchy last week, and I'm I'm still disappointed that, you know, this particular feature doesn't work, but I am

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

really pleased with the support experience that I've gotten.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

I applied to be your Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:57]

support technician

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

at one point in my life. Oh, yeah? I think my application is probably still sitting at the bottom of a barrel somewhere

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

because I never heard anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:09]

I imagine I mean, that's gonna be a pretty hard gig to get, I I would think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

especially especially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

with as high quality as they seem to be. So Right. Not saying that you wouldn't be high quality, John. When I applied, I was not high quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:28]

I you know, it's interesting. I know you've had some pretty frustrating experiences with support in recent memory. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Yeah. One provider specifically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

So, like, what what happened? Because I this is I'm I'm just I'm trying to I've been trying to figure out how to, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

my issue isn't fixed. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:50]

But I'm not upset at Apple like I was last week. And I've been trying to think of, like, how do I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

what what is the differentiating factor between this experience and my my typical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

customer support experience?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:04]

They actually care.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

Is that you think it's that simple?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

I I think it's that, and they're actually so they listen to your problem, and they can tell what troubleshooting steps you've taken.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:17]

And Apple, I imagine,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:19]

even their first tier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:21]

of support is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

probably pretty well qualified.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:25]

I don't think that's the case in most places where they go through and they type in what problem you have into their knowledge base and then go from the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:34]

settings there and just read off the script. So I think Apple

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:38]

entry level has more troubleshooting skills than, say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

a GoDaddy would.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

Is that who your last really bad experience was with? Yes. I I can't stand GoDaddy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

I, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

Well, I we don't have to belabor this. Just suffice to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

I I have a little bit of hope that customer support is not completely dead

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

in the tech industry. So I'll leave it at that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

Good. Yeah. I mean, that's really a selling point for some companies now too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

Buffer was like that when they were getting kicked off and kind of a support first focus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

I think I mean, that there's definitely customer loyalty thing there. Right? I mean, I I was already pretty loyal to Apple, but,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

you know, now I've got a really great story to tell too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

Right. So you're doing their marketing for them. Yeah. There we go. Apple just got free advertising and life with a twist of lemon. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:39]

Maybe you'll get a new iPad out of it, especially if you gave them two hours of your time to troubleshoot their bug. I I don't think I'll get a new iPad out of Not if I hold your breath. If I get a new iPad, it'll be Sales are down in the last quarter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

I saw that. I think that's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

I I don't know. We is this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

it's it's always interesting We got time. To watch the market. Right? And the expectation that Apple is going to infinitely sell

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

mass margins

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

of of products is is always a little surprising to me because there are only so many eligible people to buy a device in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

I think didn't you and I shared that article

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

this week about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

how did it go? It was like, my mom isn't buying the new iPhone and that's Apple's problem or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

I did not share this article. I've not seen this article. Okay. So the I I can't remember now if it was in Atlantic Post or New York Times. I have to look it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

But, basically, the the writer was making this point that his mom who,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

you know, let's just say is in that that baby boomer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

age range,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

is not replacing her iPhone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

And she was running, I believe, it said a six or six plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:54]

And Right. You know, battery wasn't great, but everything else was fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

And, you know, the most recent, version of iOS made older devices faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

So she's just not feeling compelled, and I think that that is definitely a problem. I also think there's just a a saturation factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

You know? I like you walk around, who doesn't have a cell phone?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:14]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:15]

So Even the people who held out for a long time now have smartphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

And I I think when a market is that saturated, right, your sales slow. I think you see that in the PC world too. Right? Now there are other factors contributing to PC sales slowdown, but that's that's definitely an element to it. Right? When everybody has one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

your ability to grow is limited.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

For Apple, I think you can tell that they're aware of this because they've put a lot more emphasis into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

you know, services,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

whether that be iCloud

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

you know, Apple Music

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

and forthcoming TV shows or whatever they're gonna do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

You know, all of that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

expanding beyond just the device, if you will.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:02]

And people like me aren't gonna buy an $800

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

phone every year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:07]

Why not, even every two years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

Because if the phone still works, why am I gonna buy a new one? If the phone doesn't work for more than a year, I'm not gonna buy the phone again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

So this is interesting. Right? Because I am on a trajectory now where I will replace my phone with the latest and greatest every year. Because I switched to the, you know, Apple iPhone upgrade program,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

and Right. You and I could not possibly be on more opposite ends of the spectrum. Now that said, for a while,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

I took a break from that side of the spectrum. Right? So I was that guy back in the day, got a work phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

five years, didn't really, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

do the cutting edge thing, and now I'm back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

And I think for me, it's just an it's a scratch. It's an itch, right, for technology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

Yeah. I could see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

But I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

You're just too cheap. Actually I don't use my phone that much, and I am too cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

I'll take that $800 and save it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

I I find myself enticed. Tesla in ten years. So there you go. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

I wanna see. You heard it here, listener.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

In ten years, John is gonna buy a Tesla. So if in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

2029,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:27]

June 15 or excuse me, 01/15/2029,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

John does not have a Tesla on this podcast, we will force him to go buy one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:36]

Alright. Sounds like a plan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

Did you hear Netflix's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

prices are going up again?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

No. Seriously?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:46]

Yeah. You didn't see that? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

They haven't emailed me yet. I think I'm still grandfathered in to, like, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:54]

old customer price that was only raised once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:57]

So I still I think I pay what you pay. I thought they When you resubscribe. I thought they expired all those grandfathers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

Didn't they? I thought What do you pay for per month for Netflix? Oh, I don't know. I think it's, like, $15 or $14. I pay for the four k, though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

so it might be might be the same. I do not pay for the four k because I do not have a four k TV

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

or display of any kind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

So mine is built through iTunes, which they're gonna stop doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

think they've even removed it from the app already.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

I just like not having to add additional,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

you know, pay information,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

Right. I don't know. Let me see if I can find it here.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:44]

I think I just got billed a couple days ago. Yeah. I'm $13.99

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

a month for the four k edition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

Alright. So we're probably about the same. I think everything's gonna go up about $2, I think, is what I saw.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

So they're trying to shoot for that $15

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

median price. I guess. I mean So it's interesting because they paid The price just went up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

$11.76.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

Okay. So that's I mean, that's the because you've got the normal HD one. Right? Yeah. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:17]

Unlike two devices or whatever it is. Because now they charge if you wanna stream on a whole bunch of devices too,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

which makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

Yeah. No. No. I dig it. Or I think that's the difference between basic and standard. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

Or is HD part of that too? Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:33]

It would be a shame if you knew what we were talking about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

We were not prepared.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

It was not on our list of ideas for this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:41]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

it's a phone call, man. That's all it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

No. So but but it's interesting because I'm at a point now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

I'm down to my last show in my iTunes or my Netflix catch up rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

I'm working on Agents of Shield. I gotta say, you said this season was awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:58]

You have been spot on correct. I am about Yeah. Six, seven episodes in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

Totally digging the Kree element on this. It it's so good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

I I'm I'm really curious to see how this wraps up. And I also I haven't bothered to pay attention. Do you know when the final season comes out? Will it be after Endgame?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:19]

I do not know because I I wait until it shows up on Netflix. So, I mean, usually, months out anyway. So, you know, that'll be interesting to see how that all ties in. I'm I'm excited for the the final season.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:33]

after how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:34]

the the whiny daisy seasons went,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:37]

like, this is just a breath of fresh air for that series. Yeah. You know, missus Lemo's comment how much she disliked the framework, and I I get that. It it was weird.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

I this is you know, again, I'm only into episode six or seven. If they bring in Ghost Rider somehow on all of this, I think it would be the perfect season for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

Because that's that was, like, that was the part of the last season that I just loved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

Yep. So there you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

Nice. But once that's done, we get the punisher, and then I'm done, man. There's nothing on iTunes or I keep saying iTunes. There's nothing on Netflix Netflix. That I need to watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

I've been working through Lost in Space, and it's actually a pretty well done series. Yeah. I enjoyed that. I don't watch that too? Yeah. I watched that when it first came out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

Oh. It's been out for a while.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:29]

Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. It's very different than the original. Looks for things other than Marvel's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

Oh, yeah. Like, the original original or, like, the one that came out in 2001

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

or whenever it was? There was one that came out in 02/2001? There was a movie that came out. Oh, I I didn't like nineties, early two thousands. No. No. No. No. That was not great. I'm talking about the one that I saw Nick at Night or, you know, what's the So TV

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

the, you know, this the whole,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:57]

like, they're in a different genre. I really like what they did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

I hope they come out with a season two, but I haven't heard anything about it. So it makes me skeptical that they will.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:07]

Netflix is the new Fox, you're saying?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:10]

Cancel all the shows that I like. Yeah. I mean, I don't know, man. Are they owned by Fox? Does Fox have ownership in Netflix? I I don't I don't think so. I don't think so. Netflix content, maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

Well, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

you know, they've been cutting so many shows that we like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

all of the Marvel stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

Right. It really I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

I'm sure they got analytics to back all this up, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

it really just, I don't know, bums me out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:37]

So we'll see if I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

more than likely, I will continue one more month of Netflix simply because I don't think I can finish Agents of Shield and The Punisher, which comes out in three days,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

by the twenty first, which is six days from now. So that's a lot of TV to watch. I I don't see that happening. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:55]

You you'd have to take vacation and just nonstop watch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

Which I'm that's not beneath me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

you, though, have stumbled upon some content that you had not seen that was recently released to Netflix. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

Right. So this last weekend, I finally watched solo,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:17]

which is probably the first Star Wars film

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:20]

that has come out while I've been alive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

that I did not see in theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

That's actually kinda sad. You know that? It is. Especially now that I watched it and realized that it was a really good movie. So let let me ask this. Why didn't she go see it in theaters? What stopped you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

So I think it was just like all of the drama surrounding production. I figured there's no way this can be good, and I don't want them just ruin Han Solo for me. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

Yeah. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

definitely get that. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

I don't know. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

I went and saw it, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

twice or three times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

I think I just saw it twice in theaters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:01]

Once by myself at the IMAX, and then I was actually with work. And then the other time was with the kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

who loved it, and we bought it as soon as it came out on iTunes like we do, you know, pretty much every Star Wars and Marvel Marvel movie that comes out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

don't know. I I liked this one more than The Last Jedi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

And I did too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

I you know, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

I I I really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

liked Rogue One,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

but I there's something about this one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

that has so many nods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

to the nerd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

and and also, it it did a good job, I think, of illustrating some of the things

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:46]

that people don't totally grok

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:48]

in Star Wars unless they're they're deep into the world. Here's an example. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

Twelve parsecs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

When when

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

people talk or they reference Han Solo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

making the Kessel run-in 12 parsecs,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:04]

do do you get the sense that generally they think that that is somehow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

about the speed of the ship?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

And it's not. It has nothing to do with that. Like warp drive or Yeah. Light years or whatever. Yep. And and it doesn't have anything to do with the speed of the ship. It's about it like, it's a reflection on the skill or the supposed skill

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

of the pilot because it's a distance thing. It's it's crossing an area that's not navigable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

And I like that they made that crystal clear, but they also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

didn't leave you thinking that Han Solo really was this, like, you know, kick butt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

pilot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

You know? There was just some stupid luck involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

So so that, you know, I I I really appreciated that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

The the whole Han shot first thing at the end, I thought was really really classy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:53]

So the you got to see the Sabbat game that or Sabacc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

Sabacc.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

Yeah. Like, those kind of things I think really catered to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

the Star Wars fan base in a way that the others have not done as seriously.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

You know? So to me, this was a movie specifically geared for fans,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:15]

like the hardcore fans, not the the mass

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

consumption of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

Star Wars by everybody that that has, you know, casually watched the movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

And I think that's also probably why it didn't do So Hot at the at the box office. I was reading, like, it was, what, only a 107,000,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

take or something like that, which is absurdly low in Star Wars movies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:41]

Yeah. So I really I really appreciated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

how Han was portrayed too. It was definitely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:49]

a Han, a young Han

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

that wasn't bound

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:54]

by trying to be Harrison Ford.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:56]

Yep. Yep. I thought that was extremely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:59]

well done.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:00]

The story itself provided a sort of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

enjoyable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:06]

escapism,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:09]

that you didn't get in the last Jedi or even in the force awakens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

Yeah. I I totally agree. I it's interesting. You know, there was a lot of drama around the the guy who played Han,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

his acting abilities.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

And I I think what was interesting is he definitely was the weakest actor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

in the movie, but they they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

managed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

minimize his dialogue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

without,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

like, deterring from the story. And I thought that that to me, that's, you know, that's that's props to the the writer and the the director.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

So you know whose performance I did not like at all and I think was the weakest part of the movie? Whose?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:51]

Daenerys Targaryen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

Oh, really? You didn't like mother of dragons?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

Emilia Clarke. It was a very flat performance,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

and, yeah, I didn't like it at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

I I would say I wasn't, like, wowed, but I also wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

it didn't bug me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

I I think there's something kind of stoic about her character, something contemplative contemplative,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

excuse me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

that probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

factors into the way that's portrayed. At least that's the way that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

I grokked it. I think see, she's in a tough spot. Right? Because what else have you seen her in other than Daenerys

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

Targaryen?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:32]

She was in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:34]

what was that awful movie? Me Before You. Is that the name of it? I've never even heard of that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

You haven't heard of that? There was, like, big controversy around it. It's about suicide

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

assisted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:44]

suicide or something like it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

That's I've not even heard of the name. My my point is this. Right? Like, I think that she will constantly be overcast

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

the mother of dragons. So it will be very very difficult for her for a while to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

you know, portray a character that that isn't, like, somehow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

in the shadow of that character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

And and that could be the case with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

with solo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:10]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

Speaking of Game of Thrones, I have not watched

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

the teaser trailer for the final season yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

Have you seen it? Is that a is that a new one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

It came out, like, a week ago. Oh, then I haven't seen it yet. How do you how do you keep up with this stuff?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

I don't know. I see them in Twitter, on Facebook. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

See, this is when okay. It's comments like this that make me doubt that you really do spend as little time on your phone as you say you do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

I don't have Facebook on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

this is all a ruse. You spend tons of time on your laptop, and that's how you get to be self righteous about your phone time. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:54]

Could be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:56]

I do track time on my laptop too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

How do you do that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

I use an app called RescueTime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

RescueTime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:06]

They, like, email me weekly reports. I don't pay for it. There's a premium version, but it basically tells you how much time you use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:14]

on what, and you can, like, set off

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:17]

work hours and nonwork hours and stuff like that, and it sends you a productivity score.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Oh, so okay. But it emails you, which means that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

all the time like, it's basically monitoring your computer and shipping it off to a third party service?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

Yep. Pretty much. That's kinda creepy. I don't I don't think I'd like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:37]

And this is why you swore off Google.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

Yeah, man. Still on Facebook though, man. Just barely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:43]

Just barely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

Surely there's gonna be something like this that does local

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

tracking.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:51]

Yeah. There's gotta be.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

Probably gotta pay for it, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

I I mean, you know, if it's if it's worth using, it's worth buying.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

I'm surprised that Mac OS hasn't built in something like that. Although screen time is relatively new to iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:07]

Yeah. I would imagine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

in a in a year or two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:11]

that'll pop up as a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

thing in Mac Mac OS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

So Yep. Give it time. I feel like I did something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:21]

or used something like this once upon a time. I can't, for the life of me, remember what it is, though. I'll have to look it up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

Anyways.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

So solo, good movie? That's that was your verdict?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

Solo, good movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:39]

You should buy it. So that one Disney yanks it off, Netflix all still have it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:45]

Well, you could always point, I'll be paying for Disney's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

Yeah. Streaming service, whatever that's Disney Plus, I believe is what it's gonna be called. Disney Plus. Yeah. I hey. I could not possibly be more excited. You do realize,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

amongst the many things that they're doing on Disney plus is a live action show about Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

starring what is it? Tom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

Hitler Center or Hitler Center or whatever his name is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:10]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

How awesome would that be? That'd be pretty awesome. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

So, you know, I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:17]

I have date Taylor Swift.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:21]

It might have been a publicity stunt, but I'm pretty sure that was a thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

Again, you're proving my point that you spend a lot more time on Facebook than I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:30]

Could be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:32]

Well, John, I don't wanna keep you from Facebook, so I I think maybe we'll call it an episode. Well, thanks, Stan. That's nice of you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

Alright, my friend. Post about you right now. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:44]

Maybe I'll see you next week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

Until next time, my friend. Alright. We'll talk to you later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

Hey.
