---
title: The Milkshake that Wasn't
episode: 32
date: 2019-02-21T12:26:22.000Z
slug: the-milkshake-that-wasnt/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast episode discusses resume writing and updating one's professional
  online presence. Stan Kollmeyer shares his experience of updating his resume
  and mentions the differences between software engineer and financial resumes.
  He also jokes about John Kollmeyer's potential job prospects based on his
  current resume.
keywords:
  - Resume Writing
  - Online Presence
  - Career Development
  - Software Engineer Resumes
  - Financial Resumes
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

Lifewithatwistoflemonpod.com?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

No. Twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:32]

No life. Twistoflemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

Oh, man. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

You would think what we're 32 episodes in, I would possibly remember that. The website

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

serves one purpose, that is to host the audio files that then get propagated out to your favorite podcast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

player,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:53]

app

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

k. Or something. But, I mean, people should still go to it. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

We should twist.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

Are we are we on we're not on Instagram, are we? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

I mean, I can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:10]

give you an Instagram and you can take pictures of random things,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

but my life is not that exciting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

Well, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:19]

I think mine's debatable, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

twist of lemon pod, that's the handle on Twitter? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

Do I follow us on Twitter?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:29]

I think so. You retweet the episodes every week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

But that's because you usually, like, message me about them. Or you just know that they're up at on Thursdays by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

07:30AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

I feel like a really old man in this discussion right now. Are you getting that sense?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:46]

You are kinda old, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

I don't appreciate that, John. I really don't. That's age discrimination.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

I'm not trying to hire you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:56]

Oh, okay. That's a fair point. You couldn't afford me anyhow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:00]

People in their thirties aren't exactly a protected class yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

Hey, man. Why you gotta like why you gotta show my cards?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:09]

I I said in your thirties,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

you could be 39.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

Yeah. So it's a big range, a whole ten years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:17]

How's it going, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

It's going pretty good. I had a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

eventful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

weekend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

it actually started last week. So I I I did two milkshakes this week, John. It was a big deal, man, and I almost did three. So I thought about venturing out after I saw that you did two, and I just never made it there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

I like I I feel like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

I'm picking up the slack for you and and you gotta do a little more.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

I should.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:50]

Meet me meet me in the middle, John. Just do one. Just do one this week. Okay? Episode 33,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

let's feature a John Cole Meyer milkshake review. John Cole Meyer milkshake review.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:01]

Alright. And it probably shouldn't be one that I've done before. Hey. I'm going to McDonald's. I'm gonna get a say,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

oh, god. Good lord. But the shake machine will be broken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

That's happened to me before. The two that I reviewed this week

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

were a long time coming, and they were both

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

milkshakes that I had been really looking forward to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Alright. So I'll just put that there. So the first one was Potbelly. This is the one I posted the picture of and your comment was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:33]

what was it? Was like, this this isn't looking good. Yeah. It did not look good. It looked like there were definite hot spots.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:40]

Okay. So here's the interesting thing. So this is a Potbelly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

Right? Potbelly is a sandwich shop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

There are not a lot of them in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

I I feel like they're a dime a dozen in Chicago. Like, literally, you could fling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

a sandwich yet. It's bad. Anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

they're everywhere. Milkshake. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

I see what you did there. But they make, like, grinders. Right? So they're, like, toasted sandwiches, and they're pretty good. I like them. I've always enjoyed them. Their milkshakes are interesting because they take

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

oh, what are they called? They're like the butter cookies. You know what I'm talking about? They're like floured butter cookies with the the circle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

cut out in the middle, and they put those over the straw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

and they serve them that way. And if like, I haven't seen these butter cookies in a grocery store anywhere but Chicago, and I'm drawing a blank on what the name is now of what what they're called, but they are absolutely delicious, John. I mean, they are a heavenly cookie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

and why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

the rest of the world does not have them, I do not know. But I tell you what, John, when I go back to Chicago and I happen to stumble my way into a Jewel Osco,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

I buy those cookies. I buy them every time, John. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

So how many did you come back with?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:53]

Or did you eat No. Them all on the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

I didn't stumble into a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

I'm but I'm saying like, given the opportunity to stumble into a julasco, I would have this particular trip to Chicago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

was a lot of snow. I didn't get out as much as I normally would have. But I digress, John, because the Potbelly was actually in Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

in downtown in Monument Circle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:17]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:18]

Which is right near Salesforce Tower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

Yeah. It is. And also right next to the Indianapolis Symphony, which I had taken my kids to for Discover the Symphony Day. It was pretty cool. I digged it. But we walked in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

We all got sandwiches and everybody wanted a milkshake. So Evelyn got strawberry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Lucy got the coffee, Henry got the Oreo, and missus Lemon and myself went with the traditional chocolate, which is what you saw the picture of. And yes, the sides

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

I don't know, scathed with chocolate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:53]

Yeah. So here's the thing though. There's a picture on our Facebook page, facebook.com/twistoflemonpod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

So if you recall,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

this whole thing began,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

this whole milkshake thing began with a review of a Portillo's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:09]

that was laden with hot spots. It was it was not mixed well at all, and that I think really became the first piece of criteria

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

for evaluating milkshakes, did it not? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

Pretty much consistency.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

So so here's here's what's interesting about the Potbelly milkshake. They mixed it in a metal vessel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:30]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

they, I think, did a pretty good job. They actually took the cup, and they squirted the syrup in it almost in, a decorative fashion before they poured the milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

into

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

the vessel. So you're saying it's a presentation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:47]

thing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Exactly. It was bizarre. Like, I I I actually paused.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

It was purely presentational

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

because the milkshake itself was actually blended quite well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

It

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

was hand scooped ice cream. It was not soft serve. I watched them actually scoop it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

I mean, it it was it was a good milkshake. Like, the consistency was, I think, on point. I wouldn't say that it it wowed me by any stretch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

but it didn't have to, because it was it was a traditional,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

just well done,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

effective,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:22]

and efficient chocolate milkshake. So I'm seeing some whipped cream on top, and then there is this red sauce.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:29]

Did they put, like, a cherry sauce on top? Was there an actual cherry on top? There was a cherry. What you're seeing is the residual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

cherry juice, if you will.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:41]

And the picture, is the cookie there? I I don't remember the is on the one where it's sitting on the table, not the one in your hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:48]

Okay. Yeah. Because I I'll tell you what, I ate that thing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

like, right away.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:56]

assuming that they did this for presentation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:59]

of the milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:00]

still not a fan of the chocolate syrup on the side. I don't think it looks very good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

And Well, it it looks messy. Right? The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:08]

other thing that I noticed is it looks like you just have a standard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

soda straw.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

The straw

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

more narrow than I personally would care for. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

the consistency and thickness of the milkshake was such that it actually wasn't really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

detrimental

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

consuming

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:32]

the the the milkshake itself. So you're saying it was slippable?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:36]

It was. It was very slippable. Alright. I I I'm telling you, John, like, was it was a good milkshake all around. I I really don't have any objections.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

Has Potbelly just taken place of Portillo's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:50]

Good sandwiches.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:51]

Didn't they have you made me order something there, didn't you? Were there

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:56]

chips or fries or something?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

At Papa's? No. I would have probably just told you to get the Italian.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:04]

Was there some other sandwich

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

spot you took us to in Chicago?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

Augustino's?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

Maybe. Do they have like a chip or something that people are supposed to order? I didn't take you to Eric's Deli a long time ago, did I? So this would have been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:20]

on our site visit to Concordia University of Chicago. That was that was Eric's Deli, is now closed. Oh, no. Yeah. That was that was an Oak Park. They made their homemade

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

chips and then they you could order them loaded. They just covered them

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

in grated cheddar cheese

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

and just huge chunks of bacon. They were delicious. That place unfortunately is no more. Man,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

that was a long time ago Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

I was a young drunk it was probably about ten years ago. But so here here's the thing, if you look at the pictures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:51]

of the milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

you'll notice the early on picture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

the chocolate is actually like it I don't know. It's it's more decorative.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

As I drank it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

it mixed around more, and that was okay. It did a mass in the bottom. So you by the time you got to the bottom of the milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

you really had to be comfortable with chocolate syrup. But I will say, I don't think this was Hershey's chocolate syrup because it was far superior in taste, at least in my opinion,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

to a Hershey's chocolate syrup. Consequently, I would say this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

if you have an opportunity to get a milkshake from Potbelly, you totally should. Now I do not think that Potbelly is a drop in replacement for Portillo's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

They're different kinds of cuisine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

I went to Portillo's this weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

I did not get a milkshake. I debated it, but I just felt like I was gonna be disappointed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

So I opted instead. I split, an Italian beef and a hot dog with my wife. I had a couple french fries and a couple onion rings. Do you like onion rings? If they're well done, I like Portillo's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

onion rings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

Portillo's has a, like, truly crunchy onion ring. Yeah. It is it is a really fantastic onion ring in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

I had all of that, and I was like, my my body was begging for dessert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

So, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

I fulfilled another milkshake off my wish list, another one that I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:21]

knew I needed to accomplish at some point, and that was Oberweiss.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

I've been there. Yeah. You took me there once too. Yeah. Or you encouraged the whole group of people to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

I'm noticing a trend. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

Oberweiss, interestingly, also does something in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

with cookies. They have it's like a cookie straw. It's Right. In Right. The middle. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

Don't I don't actually know what it is, but it's delicious. And it is even more delicious when dipped in a milkshake. Now, thing about Oberweiss, this is a dairy and you can get milk delivered from them. You can go to one of their stores and get ice cream. And the beautiful thing is when you get a milkshake, they actually use their milk and their ice cream, and they mix them together. Nice. And so I walked up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

and I was trying to decide between a chocolate milkshake and a peanut butter milkshake. So I did what I always do, which is I asked the gentleman behind the counter, which did he recommend? And you know what he said, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:18]

The lemon milkshake. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

No. He said, why do you have to choose? Nice. And I thought to myself, that's an inspired man right there. So he made me a chocolate peanut butter milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

and here's here's the thing. I was I I was drinking it on the drive home,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

and I was trying to figure out what was different about this milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

The straw was big, by the way. It was it was well sized, well proportioned. There was a spoon. I don't I don't really know what that's for. I'm I just kinda pretended it wasn't there, but it was not a thick milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

It was creamy, though. It was far creamier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

than any other milkshake I've had. So the the straw did not need to be overly sized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

for perfect slurpability,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

but per slurp, you received more milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

than a you know, like, really any other milkshake I've tried. So the delivery

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

it was it was faster. It was more expedient. Right? Like, was easier to drink more of this milkshake in a short amount of time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:20]

but it was it was creamy, John. It wasn't like when I had the Steak and Shake milkshake, it was watery, and this was creamy. This was legitimately creamy. It was absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:29]

wonderful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:33]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

if you had to put one above the other,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:38]

which one wins? Potbelly? Yeah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

Overwise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

It Overwise is the best traditional milkshake that I have had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:47]

hands down. I have no reservations about saying that. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:51]

Wileepalooza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

would be sad, but Well, it's a different category milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:57]

Right? So they're not going for classic. Right? They're going for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

and they they've got great ice cream. Right? But I will say this. Here's what I think here's what I think is the differences.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

At Wily Palooza, they use awesome ice cream, but they use just like Dean's milk. Right? So they've got just a normal gallon of milk. Oberweiss, they used their own milk, and I I don't care who you ask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

In a blind taste test, I will bet on the Oberweis milk every

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

single

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

time period.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

The first I think that I think that made it. The first eggnog I ever had after you made fun of me before Christmas for never having eggnog before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:36]

came from an Oberweis bottle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

It was pretty good, wasn't it? It was pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

So I I will tell you that all of the spiked eggnog that I made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

over Christmas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

I think yeah. All of it was out of Overweis eggnog

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

containers. Nice. I have amassed more than a few at this point. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

so here's the thing. I I also, before we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

wrap up the milkshake segment, because I I do recognize it's running long, I wanna talk about the milkshake that wasn't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

Oh, no. Do we have to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

Yeah. We have to. Give them give them free advertising

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

for this monstrosity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

Oh, no. Listen. No. No. Our listeners are too cheap. I am confident they're too cheap to do this. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

I I was clued into a place called Crusade

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:30]

Burger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

Alright. That's crusade, crusade,burger,burger,.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

You have to go to this website

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

so that you can see their milkshakes. These things are ridiculous.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:45]

So it's actually probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

probably better to go to the Yelp. There's really only one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:50]

decent picture of a milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

on their page, but they come in what'd you say? It's like a mason jar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

Yeah. Thing with a handle. Mason jar with a handle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

I don't even I don't even know what I'm looking at right here. The it's this is so bizarre.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

I think this is is this the shortcake one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:11]

On their page? Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

I like I don't even I I don't even know what I'm looking at. So they have only four milkshakes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

One is called Straight Out of Bedrock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

Another's smutorious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

b I g,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

and then two Smutorious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

Dollar sign. Smortorious. What did I say? S'mortorious. Oh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

Then the final one is run DMC is for cookies. And again, the s is a dollar sign. So I think I think the one picture on the website is two shortcake, which says this, it's a strawberry milkshake. Okay. Sounds good. Topped with sponge cake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

Woah. Vanilla ice cream,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

fresh strawberries,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

strawberry crunch ice cream bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

Let me say that again. A strawberry crunch ice cream bar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

and strawberry drizzle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:59]

So if you if you look at the pictures actually, maybe this isn't the one that's that's pictured, John. Do you think that's a strawberry Pop Tart? Because that the straight out of bedrock is a strawberry Pop Tart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

This is just so I don't know. Absolutely disastrously bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Think about this, though. They take an entire

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

crunch ice cream bar and stick it on top of the milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:22]

This is like those those weirdos that take the the the Bloody Marys to the next level

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

and just, like, load it up with too much stuff. Like Right? Like, they got a whole bunch chicken. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

Yeah. Exactly. Like, if you gotta put fried chicken in your Bloody Mary, your Bloody Mary is not good. Right? Like, the whole purpose of the chicken on a Bloody Mary is to distract from the Bloody Mary. Likewise, I think the the purpose of a strawberry crunch ice cream bar on the two shortcake milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

is to distract from what I am suspecting is a subpar strawberry milkshake. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

crusade burger. If you are out there, if you're listening to this, I want you to know that I was tempted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

However, your milkshakes are $15

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:05]

up a glass. That's because Which is just a a whole dessert meal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:10]

Yeah. And they're probably suited for multiple people. I hope so. Just a little too thick for my blood. However, Crusade Burger, if you're out there and you're listening to this, I will be in Chicago again sometime soon. And if you would like to serve me a complimentary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

I will, on this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

review it for you. And I will review it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

blind to the cost,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

purely on its merits as a milkshake. So there you go. We'll tag crusade burger or something on Twitter and and see if we can milk this for all its All I'm saying what I did there? Is that the serpability on that cannot be good because you have to eat three or three things before you ever get to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

Yeah. And I mean, like, it's gonna melt. Right? Like, when you get finally get down to the milkshake, it's gonna be runny. So I I don't I don't understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:55]

I I do not understand how this can possibly work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

This is too far. Let me let me listen to this. The straight out of bedrock,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

Fruity Pebbles milkshake. First of all What? That's not a milkshake flavor. That is not a milkshake flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

Topped with giant rice crispy treat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

vanilla bean ice cream, strawberry Pop Tart, whipped cream, more Fruity Pebbles, a maraschino cherry, and strawberry drizzle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

That's just I don't that doesn't sound good. It doesn't sound good. These hamburgers look interesting. Did you see the pictures of hamburgers? I did. Those looked respectable

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

and something I would try.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

There's this one that has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

what is this? This is macaroni and cheese on it. I mean, I like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

I kinda I kinda dig that. I could do that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:47]

you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:48]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

Alright. It's enough milkshake talk for one episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

That's what do you well, that's like are you gonna count that as two reviews or two and a half?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:58]

Well, third one wasn't really a review because you didn't have it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

It it was me judging them though extensively.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:06]

It was a milkshake judgment then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

Okay. I don't I don't think you I don't think we should review things that we haven't actually experienced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

Fine, John. If if that's you wanna lay down the letter of the law, I'll go with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

Alright. You asked me a question before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:28]

Oh, yeah. On the phone. On the phone phone. If

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:31]

you were stranded

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

on a desert island

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

and you could only take

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

country music album with you, what would you take?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

Fuse by Keith Urban.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:44]

Are you kidding me?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

Are you kidding me? I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

But I wanted to see your reaction because I You know how much I don't like Keith Urban.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

So I thought about this for This was almost the end of the podcast. You realized that. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

Keith

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

Urban is not a country music star. Just to be clear, like, he doesn't make country music.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:10]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

Like, most of the things that they play on country music stations these days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:16]

Yeah. Just because he wears cowboy boots doesn't make him country music. Just How do you feel about Florida Georgia Line?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

I really like their harmonies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

You consider them country music?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

I I that's that's really on that gray area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

I I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

Ironically Here's the thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

Go for it, Stan. You know, I was just gonna say if they were just a little more auto tuned then I could like definitively say no. They're not cut for music.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

So I thought about this long and hard at least two minutes. I think I would have to go with the foundation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:56]

by the Zach Brown band.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:58]

Oh, interesting. So you consider Zach Brown

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

to be country music? See,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:05]

that album I think I do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

You get into Jackalyn Hyde,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

that's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:12]

everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

I don't know, John. I think Zach Brown is a really great area.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

I love I love

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

Zach Brown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

If any of his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

yeah. If any of his albums were to be considered country music, it would be this one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

I'll I'll let it I'll let it go. I'll let it go. I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

I'll stick with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

Interesting choice though. Interesting choice. So any guesses what mine would be?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

it's gotta be an Alan Jackson album.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:02]

Like much Alan Jackson music do you actually know? The stuff that you play whenever we're in the car driving to Cincinnati. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

Okay. So are you familiar with, like, Red on a Rose?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

Known that you played it for me before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

That's your homework for this week. Listen to that album. That is the album that if I if that I can only take one album with me to a deserted island, that is the one I would take. I just think it is a fantastic piece of music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

Just wonderful songs. And it is a little out of character

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:34]

for Alan Jackson.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

It was produced by Alison Krause. So if I I don't know. Are you an Alison Krause fan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

No. I'll listen to her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

Okay. You kinda seem to me like you might dig Alison Krausz. Just Isn't isn't she Lutheran? Isn't she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

That seems highly unlikely. It's highly unlikely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

Who am I thinking of?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

I I don't know. I don't either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

You can Google that afterwards and see if you can find out if she's Lutheran. I'm betting not though. But anyhow, I digress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

Like right on a rose. Why this crossed my mind today, I do not know. But there we go. There we have it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:13]

Alright then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

Did you get any submitted questions in the thirty minutes before the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

I don't know. Do you think people actually took me serious?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

I don't know. They should have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:27]

When have you ever not been serious?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

I don't know. I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

I don't know. So your dad asked

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

your dad asked if I received the link that he sent me to the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

youper scooper, I think it was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

which is this giant

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

sled shovel thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:46]

It's kinda got like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:48]

like a shopping cart handle on it. So it was cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

Easy way to move lots of snow easily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

But today,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

I received my snowblower.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

And right before we started recording,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:02]

started it up, got it all gassed up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

facing the driveway,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

and I'm ready to go whether we get two inches or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

10 inches tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

So are you actually slated to get snow tomorrow? Yeah. Supposed to start here in a couple hours and snow through noon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

tomorrow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

So I would I would like to suggest that either yourself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

or,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:27]

probably preferably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:28]

missus Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

take a video of you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

with the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

brand new

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

snowblower and post it to the Facebook page.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:39]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

I started it up. Just And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

it's been it's been years since I started up any motor with the pull of a string.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

And it was Did feel good? It was a beautiful sound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

There's something strange and satisfying about it, isn't it there? And it it started on the first pole, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

That's that's love, John. That's love.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

Hey, funny note that Yooper scooper that my dad sent your way, I I actually grew up with one of those. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

did use one at the lemon household when I was a kid.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

It it looks like it works.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

If you have a lot of snow. Probably doesn't work for not a lot of snow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

Yeah. Yeah. Like and if you're trying to get a close grade on concrete, it's it's not really the greatest, but it'll it'll move the stuff on top for sure. So it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

it's an acquired taste. I don't think my mother particularly cared for it. I will say that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

So did you see the news about Amazon HQ two? Yeah. They pulled out in New York.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:49]

What do you think of that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:50]

Like, I probably would have too

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:53]

just with all of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:55]

crap they were getting from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

city officials and state officials.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

They they really got got some harsh feedback. And what what I find surprising is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

unless I'm totally mistaken here,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

all the things that people hated about the Amazon HQ two deal, Amazon didn't actually do. It was all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

the, like, state and city governments of New York, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:20]

Right. And I know that there was something about, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

employee influx and adding more people to already

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

busy New York.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

Yeah. But I mean like New York doesn't wanna shrink, do they? I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

Probably not. I just I don't see that in the cards.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:39]

Yeah. Do you Cedar Rapids didn't make the short list, did it? I don't think Cedar Rapids ever had any hopes and dreams of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

being a location for HQ two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:51]

We didn't propose or anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

Okay. See Indianapolis made the cut down to the what? Like yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:58]

Did they make it to seven or was that Cincy Cincinnati and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

I don't remember a seven cut. I just remember the 20 cut. Like, we made it pretty far along the list, and I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

that was it there at least there was some hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

that with pulling out of New York that Indy would get it, and I I don't I mean, I I even think Amazon said like, we're not going to restart the selection process Right. Or or build another location. So it sounds like it's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

Virginia now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

Yeah. And they're doing something like a smaller thing in Nashville too, aren't they?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

Oh, I didn't I missed that. That seems like a good place for them to be located. I I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

Nashville is nice and central and you're not too far from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

kind of the hub of the South Atlanta and all that good stuff. Yep. So that that makes sense to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

So I don't know. I I've got mixed feelings at the thought of having Amazon in the backyard. I think it'd be good for my property values. I'm not sure it would be good for my travel time to the library.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:01]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:03]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:05]

has room to grow too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

We do. Yeah. So Basically down on my neck of the woods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

Right. Not to the north so much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:14]

Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

could go west.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

Yeah. I mean, once you get west you're in the burbs. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

The the part that's not built up. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

it's really kind of the South South Side of the city that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

undeveloped land at this point in time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:35]

Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

you dodged that bullet. Now you can wait for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

the next big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

company to wanna move in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

Yeah. What are you gonna do?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

We were gonna talk about resumes this episode. We promised our listeners.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

Did we? Yeah. Do you think anybody cares? No. If we talk about resumes? I don't think so. We can add it to our backlog of topics when we have nothing to talk about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

Oh, man. We're we're really building up that list. So just to be clear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

we'll go into the do's and don'ts another time, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

you brought this up presumably because you were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

what gonna like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

refresh your resume or something? Yep. Because I saw you committed it to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

GitHub,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

yours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

I'm like, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:23]

why are you updating your resume?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

Yeah. I mean, well, I so I make a habit of trying to keep it current.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

I don't know. I I said I do a a brush up on at least once a year because the times that I haven't done that and then I wanted a current resume,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

I wanna stress not about it a lot, like, to get it all brushed up. So I I find that if you just make it an annual thing, you've got just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

a more reliable piece of paper that describes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

what you do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

And then in turn, it's easier to hand it out when you need to. So I think one of the worst things that can happen is you see a job listing that you would potentially like, and you don't have your resume ready to post to it. And then it's gone by the time you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

you know, you you get it all brushed up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

But I think resume writing is hard. I've been it it's interesting. So in the last couple weeks, I've been doing interviews for the Indiana board of directors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

for the for our CFO position. And so there's a whole, like, other realm of resumes that I've been looking at. Because typically, I just look at software engineer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

resumes, and these are folks with financial experience of various sorts. And they just they're very different. They're it's it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:35]

it's almost stunning to me how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

distinct they are from a software engineer's resume.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:42]

But that makes sense

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:43]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

Yeah. They aren't really dealing with technologies, are they? I mean No. They're dealing with technology but not specialized technologies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

Yeah. And I think, like, the thing that strikes me, right, is as a software engineer, my resume caters to telling a story about things that I've done in my career.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

And these these resumes are less story oriented. Right? So they're less about, I did this project and I shipped this feature or launched this product, and more about, like, I kept the lights on here for twelve years or something like that. You know? Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

I like, I I'm not trying to diminish that. That's that's impressive. Right? But it's it's just a very different narrative when you look at a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

resume

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

you know, different from what I am used to seeing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

And and maybe that's true with other fields. I don't I don't know. It's just it's it's odd. But I digress. I I I updated it just because it's kinda my annual kinda polish in the the the document to make sure that it was current and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

reflected who I am and it's on GitHub because that's where I host my website. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

Do you remember Sorry brushing up. Do you remember my first resume?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

Were at a Vaguely. We were at a higher things conference and you sent me over to the corner

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:03]

not to come out until I had applied for the position,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:07]

which turned into my first job. But The Iowa East gig, wasn't I? It was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:14]

I vaguely do recall this. When I pretty much copied yours and switched out technologies and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:20]

made up stuff. So There you go. I I don't even recall what my resume would have looked like then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:26]

You had a big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:29]

top section of technical skills.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

Oh, I don't do that anymore. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

I that's not because I don't have technical skills. Just to be clear. Are you sure, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

I mean, it's definitely debatable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

Well, John, all I can say is you should brush up your resume, get it nice and current,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

and if you want, we can critique it sometime on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:56]

Alright, Stan. You can tell me if you'd hire me or not because I know how picky you are about people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:02]

I'd I'd hire you just because I know you and I Yeah. Thank good work. You have managed me before, so wouldn't be a stretch for you. Well But would you hire me based It's on my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

it's debatable whether or not I actually managed you, John. You did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

Back in the thought I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

man. Until next time. Remember, don't forget your homework. You need to go and find a milkshake. We cannot do episode 33

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

without a milkshake review from John Kollmeyer. I I think I've probably had like 16 milkshakes since you last reviewed them. That's possible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:39]

Alright, John. Alright. We'll talk to you later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

See you. Bye.
