---
title: Meat Rubs by Fenker - Hamburger Edition
episode: 102
date: '2020-10-01T13:14:47.000Z'
slug: meat-rubs-by-fenker-hamburger-edition/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So I moved it up for us to record because I legitimately thought I would be done with work at around 03:00 today. But, of course, 05:30, you're calling me, and I'm like, oh, we're recording.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

You did change the calendar invite. I just followed the calendar invite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

I I know. I moved it up though because I didn't I didn't wanna miss the debates tonight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

What debates, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

The presidential debate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:48]

Why are presidential debates still a thing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

Well, that's a that's a fair question, but I I think I would counter that with this question. Why is WWE wrestling still a thing? WWE wrestling is still a thing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

Yeah, man. I mean, it's like function is the same thing. Right? It's basically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

two people going at it in the most, like, dramatic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

unnatural way possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:12]

To be fair, I have never been a fan of reality TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

which means I never actually have presidential a debate or wrestling?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

Both.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

I don't know. Yeah. The presidential

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

debate sounds like a special

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:26]

kind of torture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

Well, I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

when the Titanic was sinking, I'm sure there were people on deck watching it go down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

I guess.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:36]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:37]

Let's talk about something. You think the debate will change your mind about who you're gonna vote for, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

You never know, John. You never know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

Let's talk about something a little more positive. Did you get rain? I did get rain. I got rain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

two days in a row at about half an inch, so not a ton of rain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

Now you've put seed down at this point. Right? I did. So I am on day

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

10 after putting seed down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

Can you see anything? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

Wait. Absolutely. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

Why do you down I was talking about. My grass growing ability, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

No. I just like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

I I don't know, man. I you pay more attention to your grass than I do to mine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

I used to feel like I took care of my lawn, and then this became your new thing. So It went on. I yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

So so tell me tell me what, like, what have you actually accomplished with your lawn so far?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

my lawn, I don't know if we talked about this on the podcast, but, basically, the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:42]

tree companies came in. And after the storm, my lawn was a total wreck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:47]

Then the tree company came in and drove the little ditch witch over it, left big skid marks in it. And my front lawn was kinda thin anyway,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

so I was gonna aerate an overseed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

I skipped the aeration this year just because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:04]

I'm fairly certain there's either going to be dumpsters or other equipment on my lawn here in the near future,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

and have just stuck with the liquid aerate application.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

Okay. And you're you're a big believer in the liquid aerate. I remember we talked about that briefly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

Yeah. So I think there is a place for core aeration going to get the big heavy machine or hiring it out like some people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

And the case is really Why do you say it like it's a bad thing? Why do you say it's like a bad thing? It's if you're going to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

overseed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

a relatively

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:36]

thick healthy lawn

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:38]

just to promote good seed to soil contact.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:41]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

in my heart of hearts, I wanna believe I have a good healthy lawn. Yours is I feel like pretty decent. Yeah. I feel like it's healthier than the neighbors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

So it's all relative. Anyhow, though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

I wanted to aerate. I think I told you this. Yep. I might have even said on the podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

but I couldn't get anybody to come out and do it, like, in a timely fashion. Now they came through, like, the major

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

lawn companies came through and aerated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

you know, all their properties.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

I I like, the August

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

or something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

and I I mean, it was so bloody hot out. You could see they just didn't get good cores. The ground was dry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

and I didn't wanna put seed down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

in late August. I wanted to put seed down, I mean, really last weekend when I did. Right. So so I didn't didn't do that, and then I called around. I couldn't get anybody to come out, and they tell me, like, well, we'll be there, you know, sometime in the next two months. I'm like, what's two months from now? I don't wanna put seed down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

I'd I'd finally given up. I was gonna do what I did last year, which was to rent an aerator from Home Depot for 4 hours and aerate my lawn. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

it's not the end of the world, but that it's just it's a lot of back and forth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

It it also is a really difficult machine Yeah. The machine won't kick butt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

In and out of the van. Yeah. I mean, let alone when it's actually running Right. It can kick your butt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

And, you know, it's that's a lot to put my wife through. So I was willing to take the hit and pay somebody, but I couldn't get anybody out here. And then we're walking through the subdivision like we do every day with the kids, and I told missus Lemon, like, hey, go ask that lawn care guy. You'll irate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:15]

And, lo and behold, he would, and he would do it that day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

So I got it done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

Lawn cops in Indianapolis, if anybody in Indianapolis is listening and you need any kind of lawn care,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

this guy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

is the dude to call. Lawn cops, if you Google it, I think, he uses Yardbook,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

which is like this is this is a nurse newbie too. Yardbook is like a platform

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:39]

for lawn care maintenance folks Interesting. To run their business from. Yeah. I was it was very interesting to learn about. But real nice guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

Just did stellar work. Got great cores, and he was in and out in no time. And we were able to get the seed down, and then I went to watering.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

And I finally got rain, John. You finally got rain. Nice. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:00]

So lawn cops, that reminds me of my favorite YouTuber, the lawn care nut. He has a t shirt that says,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:08]

law enforcement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:09]

officer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

in a shield.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

There you go. Well, so this this guy is a a detective. That's what he does for his main job, and then this is his side gig. So I should do something like this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

Side hustle lawn care. Sure, John. I think I think there's an opportunity there for you. I mean, he he honestly, he told me he makes pretty good money. He makes better money than doing yard work than he does as a police officer. Yeah. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

so I guess the question, John, is do you make more money than a detective?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:36]

Probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

Yeah. There you go. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:40]

Now so, my fall plans basically got turned up in the air with the storm. I was gonna do some leveling or, get a truckload of soil to kinda level out some low spots

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

and basically do a whole renovation of the lawn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:55]

throw down some high quality seed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:58]

But, basically, right now, I am just fighting off weed invasion

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:03]

early in next spring

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

by trying to thicken up my lawn and make sure there's not a bunch of soil spots. So I just bought some Scott's seed, put down about 10 pounds across

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

just under 2,000 square feet. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

for those listeners who wanna throw down seed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

you want forty five days before your first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

frost threat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

So, like, we got snow on October 31 last year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:31]

Really? October 31? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

Wow. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

snow that early. Snow. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Ouch. Yep. Yeah. I I figure my rule of thumb is as September's winding down, I should be getting my seat on the ground. Yep. And up by me, it's closer to Labor Day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

So there you go. Yep. Good deal. Well, hopefully, may your lawn be lush and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:56]

fruitful. I don't I don't know what I'm going for there. It's coming in good. So been watering twice a day

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:02]

and probably two

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

inch blades now, so decent growth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

Good deal. Good deal. Alright. So you've had the app library for a week now. I have. What's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

have you changed any of your behaviors?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:16]

So occasionally, I will swipe to the app library and tap an icon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

but in general, no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

You still had two home screens last time we talked. Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

Do you still have two two home screens at this point? I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

Oh, okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

Have you found yourself installing other apps that you didn't have before?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

So this has this has been my problem. I felt like I was pretty conservative about the apps I installed, and I probably installed two to three apps a day since I got the app library. Really? Because they they just they go in there, and I don't I don't even know. Like, they're just gone. So what kind of apps are you installing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

It's it's everything. Like, I installed the VRBO app, today or not today, yesterday, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

I installed NBC's Peacock app because I wanted to see if something was on Peacock.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:08]

Football, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

It it was, but I didn't even use it. I installed the Lowe's app because I was gonna order something through Lowe's and Interesting. Normally, would just use the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:18]

Yeah. The website. Website. I don't think I have a Lowe's app. Same thing with AutoZone. Install AutoZone, the CVS Pharmacy app. I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:26]

I'm I'm just like a drunken sailor installing apps. So many questions that aren't on the agenda, Stan. Like No. I don't know what to tell you. What projects are you working on that you need to go to Lowe's and AutoZone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:37]

Well okay. So Lowe's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

I believe, was for I guess raises the question. Patchmaster. Begs the question for those logic philosophy nerds.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:47]

Raise, I guess. The question.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

Lowe's Lowe's was for Patchmaster. I ordered a couple of bags. That was a whole disaster. Lowe's is just a mess. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

AutoZone is I just realized the other day, haven't changed the oil in the Accord in a year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:02]

and, it doesn't it doesn't have 3,000 miles on it over the course of the year, which I probably should some, like, smoke troubles earlier this year when you're just running the car so that it ran?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

Not smoke. No. I think what it was was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:17]

I I don't know what it was. I shouldn't shouldn't speculate here. It it was probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:22]

just moisture clearing off from the exhaust.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

But, yeah, I hadn't I hadn't run it for a month, and I went out to start it, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

you should run your car more than once a month. That's that's my pro tip there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

I digress though, John. I've I've also been installing games. Yeah. Just because, you know, I've got like, I installed Frogger, and I haven't played it yet, but I installed Butter Royale,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:45]

which is supposed to be a good game. That's right. You are a subscriber to Apple Arcade, aren't you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

I I am. And again, I used to, like, I used to curate these things out of my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

my phone, but I just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

I they're all always there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

They are. Oh, here's another one I got. The ISS detector. Snap that'll tell me when the space station's overhead. Nice. I washed space station from your front yard once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

That's right. That's right. So so anyhow, no no behaviors on your part have changed. However, I'm now running out of space on my phone. Wonderful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:19]

Well, you could always delete a Marvel movie, and then you'd be fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

That's true. That's true. That's that's five gig right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

Out of curiosity, what Marvel movie do you think I have? I only have one on my phone right now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

You only have one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

Yeah. On the phone. Now on the iPad, I've got all of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

my guess would be Captain America.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

No. No. Black Panther?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

No. Though that that would be the second choice if I didn't have this one. Man, I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

Captain Marvel is the one Marvel movie that all three kids can agree on without debate to watch. Really? So they yeah. Lucy doesn't like Black Panther. She thinks it's too violent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:03]

Yeah. Lucy doesn't like violence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:05]

Yeah. The fight scenes, like, it it just it causes a reaction. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:10]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

John, it has been approximately

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

seven months since I bought shoes. Yes. We remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

Yeah. So those shoes I think we talked about this. I only wear one pair of shoes at a time, but I'd like I wear them until they fall out. I I do have indoor shoes, but outdoors, I just wear one pair of shoes. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

And, they're getting a little thin on the bottom, so I thought I would order another pair of shoes. Only seven months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

I know. I know. But I I mean, I I put some miles on them. Right? You know? Yeah. You've been walking every day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

Yeah. Four to five miles a day total. Like, you you count the walk with the kids and then just around the house and stuff. And so plus Disney. I mean, I was doing probably ten, fifteen miles a day at Disney. Good lord. Yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:55]

You were gonna order the same shoe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:58]

No. I did not. You did not order the same shoe? No. I did not. Man. I yeah. I know. Right? I I did order New Balance shoes. I ordered a different model with a slightly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

larger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

heel to toe drop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:14]

Yeah. High heels?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

No. Not high heels. No. So the ones I have are an eight millimeter drop. These can be a 10 millimeter drop. I I was just kind of like when I stand for work, I've noticed that my heels tend to be the first place to get tired. So you can try it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

There will be there will be more updates on my shoe adventures. I I'm convinced though, John, that the sequel here will not take as long to get to as the first one because I just I just said I was gonna just pony up, pay the big bucks for New Balance shoes, and chug along. So no ordering seven different shoes on or the same shoes, seven different sizes on this. But I feel like I've got my size down now. Right? Like, I worked pretty hard to get to this point. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:56]

don't know, Stan. I do not relate to this, shoe obsession of yours,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:00]

so I just buy cheap shoes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

John, your feet are one of the most important parts of your body. You must take care of them. You'll regret it when you get older. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

Time for the main event, my friend. Well, I feel like To the main event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

Yeah. Drumroll, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

I I messed that up last time. I didn't didn't put in the sound effect. I just kept my tapping on the desk. You get you get you get lazy. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

we this was two episodes ago. We discussed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

the proper seasoning for hamburgers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

and we asserted that we thought our friend and listener of the show, pastor Aaron Fanker out in Bremen, Kansas,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:43]

could whip up a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

a seasoning packet

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:47]

that would make a fantastic hamburger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

We we've discussed Fanker on the podcast before, Meat Rubs by Fanker. I believe we did steak seasoning that he sent us. We did. And we tried that out, and he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

I think he sent us three for the steak seasoning. Is that right? Am I remembering that correctly? I don't think I've received three. I got one, I think. So I think he's I just did the taste test. And then I got, like, the final version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

Right. Right. While I was developing it. I think it was more than three. Maybe it was five then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

It's, so long ago. But he sent us three seasoning packets for hamburgers. Yep. You and I discussed, and we agreed that we were going to incorporate the seasoning into the hamburgers. We were gonna try all three and then compare them. Correct. So so the level set, there's a video on YouTube, which Yeah. You can I've heard rumors that you're leaving the podcast to do a YouTube vlog with Joe Taylor, and I'm hoping it's not true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

No. I'm not reading the podcast. Joe Joe got a little camera shy. Did you see that? No. I didn't. I thought they I thought it was great. You guys should just do like food testing and get millions of views, and there's better ad money. That's easier to come by on YouTube than there is on podcast. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

Ian, I still have to do the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

the chicken wings. The what what do call them? The the new wing thing? It's just wings. It's just wings. Yeah. We still have to do that. But but so Joe was there to give another opinion on the taste test.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

Joe provided some valuable, insight. We progressed a, b, and c. I did sliders. I think did you do sliders too?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:21]

No. I did quarter pound patties.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:23]

Okay. Quarter pound patties. So did you eat three hamburgers? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

Oh, man. I hope they're pictures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

So Hard, actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:32]

I don't know. I was trying to juggle texting and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

eating burgers. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

So we incorporated the seasoning into the meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:41]

Yep. The the ratio was two tablespoons of seasoning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

to one pound of beef, which is what you did. Right? So I used that ratio. I did not make three pounds of beef.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

Okay. That's that's fine. So I did three quarter pound burgers of each one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

Okay. Alright. Did did missus Kolmeyer also partake of the burgers? She tried them all. She did not eat the whole burger for all three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:05]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

Did she try your burger, or did you, like, do something different?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

No. So I ate my burgers, and so she's doesn't do buns really. So she tried the patty itself,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

for all three, and we she just cut off a piece, and then she ate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

all of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

c.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

All of c. Okay. Alright. Very interesting. So what did you put on your burger? I I had told you that I did white cheddar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

onion, and mustard. I bailed on the pickle. I was gonna do the pickle, but I'm actually glad I didn't think it would have overpowered the burger. So I did

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

white cheddar,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:41]

onion, and yellow mustard as well. Okay. So we are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

operating from the same baseline. I think, you know, the cheddar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

just a nice kinda,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

you know, it's just a cheese flavor. Right? Yep. And then onion, you got a little bit of bite, and the mustard yellow mustard is just a nice sweet, but not like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

you know, sugary sweet kind of approach. Generally, I would use spicy mustard on my hamburger. But for the podcast and for consistency's sake, I went with yellow mustard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

Yeah. I I I'm with you. Sometimes I'll put on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:13]

horseradish or I'll do spicy mustard. I think for me this time around, I wanted I I wanted just simple ingredients. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

Because I think part of this is, you know, the seasoning, letting that shine, but also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

what seasoning would allow the beef itself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

to still play center stage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:31]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

Alright. So do you have your,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

do you have your your rankings? I have my rankings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

Alright. Or do you wanna go through a, b, and c and talk about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

what they were first?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

What what our initial reactions are? I don't know what your notes look like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

My notes are my notes are chaos. My notes are a text stream to to thank you. Yeah. Alright. Let's do a. Let's start with a. So how would you describe a? So a, I thought was like a good

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

burger flavor. Like, you go to a tavern and they season burger like us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

Oh, interesting. So I don't know that I've ever had a burger in a tavern that tasted like this. Well, yes, this was better, and this definitely had more kick to it,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:14]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

I really enjoyed it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

So the heat was very present, but it was not immediate. There was a little bit of a lingering you were eating a habanero burger or something like that. Right. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

So so Joe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:29]

described it as reminding him of sausage seasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

And I actually thought that was a really good description

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:35]

for what my palate was detecting. There was there was some saltiness. There was clearly, I think, some, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

I I'm guessing. I don't know for sure, but I'm thinking there's some oniony

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

flavor inside the meat itself, probably, like, ground onion or something like that. Sure. I think there was some garliciness going on as well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

but the heat stood out. The heat lingered. I felt like the rest of the flavors that were going on were balanced. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

Which then takes us on to b,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:04]

which I did not find to be spicy, did you? No. So I actually found this to be on the sweeter side of life. So I That that's exactly what I When I was thinking about it, it almost tasted like this sort of ketchupy taste,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:17]

as far as the seasoning goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

Honestly, I wasn't sure I was a fan of this for burgers, but I thought it would make a great meatloaf seasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

Oh, fascinating. I can see that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

I agree with you. There was, like, a sweetness to this that stood out to me. The heat was not present.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

Joe said something that upon my second

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

b burger because, I have the sliders. You told me this too, and I don't I didn't get it when I had my second one today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

I Joe's Joe's position

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

was that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

that seasoning got out of the way to let the beef shine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

Right? So the beef was the main attraction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

And I I think I kind of agree with that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

but at the same time though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

I here here's here's kinda where I came at. Would I have wanted b or just salt and pepper?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

I don't know that b would have, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:18]

if I had both burgers physically in front of me, I'd probably take b. But if I was, like, making a burger and I had to, like, work to assemble b,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

I'd probably just salt and pepper. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:27]

Yeah. So, like, the standard would be just salt and pepper, maybe a little bit of granulated garlic,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:34]

like you would on a steak. So Sure. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

So then that leaves us to c, which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

I felt like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

upfront heat, but less heat lingering.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

So Did you not get that? I didn't get any heat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

I thought this was by far

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:55]

the most depth of flavor out of the seasonings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:58]

There was just a lot going on there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

I I felt like the heat in mine overshadowed the other flavoring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

So I I contrasted c with a. Right? To me, those were the two spicy ones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:09]

And a, I felt like I wouldn't have called my c spicy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:13]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:14]

Very interesting. Mixed them up, John. They were labeled in different packages.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:19]

So so did you put c then as your top if you felt it had the, like, widest flavor profile? So I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:27]

I liked a Why not then? A was the best. So, like, c,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:32]

I don't know. It might have been too much going on, and maybe this overshadowed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:35]

the burger too much. And I was just trying to figure out, okay, what am I actually tasting?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:41]

I still got a burger

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:43]

flavorness,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:44]

and I also had, like, a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:47]

it was like a smokiness in there too. I don't know if it took on the smokiness of the grill better or what.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

I wonder you know, I know that Fanker smokes salt. I wonder if he used smoked salt in the seasonings. That could explain some smokiness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

So we don't actually know what's in the seasonings in in Correct. Fanker doesn't usually typically share that information. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

Now I think it would be great if he did. It could be like a life with a twist of lemon

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

hamburger

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

spice by

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

rubs by Fanker. Yes. That's a mouthful, but, yeah, that'd be great. Right? We could send it off as Christmas gifts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:24]

You go. In my opinion so so you said you ranked a first then? Yep. So I went a c b. Now back Okay. On c, Anna thought c was the best, and she also thought that there was a cheesy taste in it, and she did not have any cheese on the burger either.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:42]

Is it possible you had old beef?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:50]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

I I ranked them similarly, ACB. That was my position.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

Lucy, my oldest, you know, former guest on the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

ranked it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

c b a.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

So she preferred c.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:04]

Didn't care for a. I think the lingering heat was a little much for her.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:08]

Yeah. Missus Colmire thought that a was pretty spicy too. So Lucy, though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

changed, she said b c a. So b then moved up to the top, which I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

I don't know if I have written this down. I think that's where mister Taylor ultimately landed was b c a, I think or, sorry. B a c, I believe is how he's he's squared out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

Now Henry was b a c. That's what Henry preferred. So both Lucy and Henry ultimately had b take the take the lead, same with mister Taylor. Evelyn said that the hotdogs were good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:43]

Henry is the hamburger

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

lover of the family, and he Yep. B first. That's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

He did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

He did tame it back a little bit with the pickles this time That's good. So he could taste the meat. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

Missus Lemon ranked them a b c,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

which, again, you know, I'm I'm a c b, so we were all over the place. Yeah. That's interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:06]

So missus Kollmeyer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

c was the clear winner,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

and a and b were kinda tied, and she didn't love either of them. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

Oh, fascinating. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

So I don't know this for a fact. I should confirm this with Fanker, but I believe that these all have the exact same seasonings in them, just with different ratios.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

I believe it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:26]

So really, what we're we're analyzing is one, I mean, I think was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:30]

were the seasonings themselves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

good choices? And I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:34]

I think this was a win. I don't think anyone Yeah. There's nothing I would pass out. Yeah. There's there was nothing that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

taste like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

it had its place as a burger seasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

I would agree with that. I would agree with that. So when we ask Finker to mass produce this, are we gonna ask him for a or c?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:53]

I would ask him for a.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

So so Finker, if you're listening, for Christmas, we'll take a big bag, you know, like a three pound bag.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:03]

You know, I was thinking about this. So Finker is a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

really great

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

seasoning maker

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

I've never had a bad seasoning from him. So I think we basically just need to set up a Shopify for him, and he fills the orders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:19]

And then There you go. We just pass it on over to him. Okay. So you heard it first here on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Aaron Fanker, if you're out there and you want to start a business, you figure out how to make it and not go to jail making food products,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

and we will take care

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

of your online presence. Life with a Twisted Lemon will sponsor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:38]

your online presence until you become big enough to sponsor the show. How's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:44]

There we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

Alright. So I guess we we've done steaks. We've done hamburgers. What are we gonna ask Fanker to create for us next in terms of a seasoning?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

So he pretty much sticks to, like, meat. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:02]

What else is there, John? I was thinking, like, a grilled cheese seasoning

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:06]

or pizza

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

seasonings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:08]

No. No? You're sold on yours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

grilled cheese seasoning is an interesting here. Let me let me, let me put a spin on this. So how

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

how would you season a grilled cheese that also had pulled pork on it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:25]

I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

I feel like somewhere in there, either the pulled pork itself or the grilled cheese is where we want Fanker to take this next. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

So, like, when I do grilled cheese on the grill,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

like legit grilled cheese, just cheese and bread, I will usually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

do, like, salt, pepper, maybe occasionally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

Italian seasoning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:48]

or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

Okay. I don't know that I salt my grilled cheese.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

I might put some paprika,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

Or if I do I I guess I might do seasoned salt, but I don't know that I remember doing that. Paprika is probably my go to there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:03]

Alright. So Interesting. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

I guess to close out the hamburger bit here, I think this was a win all around. I was happy to to do it. I am impressed that you ate three hamburgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

I did sliders,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

and, they were we divided up a a Yeah. You also froze your beef, which would make Wendy's really angry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

So I I wonder if that either

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:24]

served as a marinade for the beef or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

something else. I I guarantee that did not impact it. Just to be clear, what we did is we took a pound of meat, we mixed up with two tablespoons of the seasoning, we put it into a quart bag,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

we flattened it out, and then missus Lemon took a grilled skewer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

and pressed it down into nine squares,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

and then we froze it. Because, you know, beef,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:47]

quite frankly, cooks up easier on the grill if it's been frozen. Right? It's just you don't have them falling apart on you. So I pulled the sheet of beef out of each bag, and I broke up the nine squares into they were nine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

evenly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

sized sliders,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

grill them, flip them exactly one time. Yep. I toasted some croissant like buns

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

that were gently buttered, and we assembled. And it was I I tell you what, I really enjoyed the sliders bit. I enjoyed being able to try all three of them and and, like, move back and forth. It was it was all around good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:22]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:24]

I seasoned the beef

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

directly before I formed it into patties and placed them on the grill.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

Do you do you indent the top of your I do, but I am a terrible

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

terrible

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:37]

burger former, and they always shrink no matter what I try. I've tried your trick,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:41]

and I just it just doesn't work, man. So maybe you need to do a video on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

Well, okay. We'll have to we'll have to analyze that in a future time. I I will say the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

the frozen patties retained their shape

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:55]

perfectly. So maybe that's what I have to do. They'll be good. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

know that that, Wendy's has made a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:02]

a a big deal about not freezing their meat. I'm almost certain that their meat is frozen at some point or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

We'll leave it at that. They also don't have grill grates. Right? They're just doing flat surface Yep. So it won't fall through. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

I think, my friend, that is as good a place as any to wrap up this episode. Good hamburgers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

I mean, you really can't go wrong there, can you? No. You really can't. Good job, thinker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

I like I said, I'm looking forward to the next season. Yes. On that note, this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

Wash your hands and wear a mask. Later.

