---
title: Rise of the Resistance Resists the Lemon
episode: 84
date: '2020-02-20T14:38:44.000Z'
slug: rise-of-the-resistance-resists-the-lemon/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

Really, Stan?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:26]

What? I know that you aren't feeling the best, but I feel like we could've just had another Lemon start this podcast with us, and you didn't relay the information.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:37]

Missus Lemon would have probably gladly started it, but she's not a regular listener. So I don't think she's earned that. She listens more than other people.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

Is that is that a dig at your own life?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:49]

I can neither confirm nor deny that. My father-in-law listens religiously.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

Yeah. He does. In fact, we always know when he listens because Mark Butcher sends a text message shortly thereafter. Indeed. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

So How are doing, John? I'm doing better than you. You're not looking so hot. The hair is not spiked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:06]

Looks like you got punched in the eye.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:08]

Yeah. It's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

it's been a rough week, my friend. Rough week. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

Gonna make it through an episode. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

I hope so. I mean, I'm counting you to do some talking, though. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

So Yeah. So if it's not clear, I'm I'm under the weather.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

Yes. We were supposed to record yesterday on Tuesday so that we could release on Thursday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

It is now

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

less than,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:34]

what, twelve hours before we'll release this episode?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

Yeah. But we don't edit, so it'll be fine. True.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

It is much easier than a previous podcast that I used to edit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

So we were gonna record on the eighteenth, which is my sister Liz's birthday. So I was gonna say happy birthday, Liz. It's still within the week, so we can say happy birthday, Liz. And Happy birthday, Liz. Emily, my sister-in-law,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

and his little sister's birthday was on Monday. She definitely does not listen, so you can either say happy birthday to her or not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

Happy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

birthday, Emily.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:12]

last week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

we aired an episode on Thursday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

talking about what you're gonna do at Disney World,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:19]

and we were concerned about your feet a little bit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:22]

By Thursday, like, Disney World was your new world because you'd been there for four days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

So Yep. And and then by Thursday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

the feet were the least of my concern because I I walked into my room running a fever of a 101.4,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

promptly crawled into bed and did not get out until the following evening on Friday. Oh. That's not good. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

So the last we we had I think I told you Henry got a little sick before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:51]

we left.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

We thought, okay. That'll be the worst. Then Evelyn got sick in the park at Animal Kingdom, our first day in the park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

We got to and then she got sick again in the hotel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

that evening. And then I thought, alright. Well, this is this is the worst, but we're done. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

And then Thursday, I got sick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

you know, I mean, the thing about a kid when they when they get a high fever, a twenty four hour bug, whatever, they bounce back like there's no tomorrow, man. I mean, they're they're fearless.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:18]

Old guys like you and me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

it it shaves years off our lives.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:23]

Now that it's Wednesday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:25]

almost a week later?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

In my defense, I I did have a twenty four hour thing. So come Friday night, my fever broke, and I was feeling a little bit better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

But, I got on a plane on Saturday, and, you know, I have all these troubles with my my tubes, my air tubes when I travel to begin with, and they just got worse. And anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

as a result of that whole mess, I developed a ear infection, double ear infection, as well as sinusitis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

Right? So my whole head just hurts. And then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

come Monday evening,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

I honestly thought the grim reaper was coming to visit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

And Tuesday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

was able to get a doctor appointment and, you know, it yeah. It's it's always

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:04]

whenever the the the doctor, the nurse practitioner, whoever looks in your ear, oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

That one's definitely infected. Usually not a good sign. Yeah. Right? Like, you know, it's it's gone too far. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:16]

then Tuesday, I I honestly I honestly thought I was dying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

Thought I wasn't coming back from this but I'm feeling a little better now, John. I'm I'm on a lot of medication at the moment though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

And we're recording, doing it for the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

So do you remember anything about Disney World? You used to love Disney World, and you always got chill when you went there. Has this colored your future travels to anything Disney related or not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:43]

No. I wouldn't say that. Being sick didn't there there was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

maybe we can dig into this but,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:50]

I I will say this whole Rise of the Resistance ride

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

definitely soured Disney a little bit for me. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

Yeah. Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

you know, there's there's a whole bunch of new stuff going on at Disney,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

specifically Star Wars themed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

Rise of the Resistance is one of two

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

new big rides, the other one being Smugglers Run. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

Rise of the Resistance is like the least Disney experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

I I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna botch how I say this. It's it's the least Disney experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

experience that you can have.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

think what I'm trying to describe is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

It didn't feel like Disney. It wasn't magical. It didn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

feel like Disney. So now, I should clarify, I did not make it through the whole ride and that's part of the problem. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

this, this ride,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

they are not doing fast passes for, they're not doing traditional lines. You have to be physically in the park at 8AM.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:56]

You have to have the Disney app and you request a boarding group, which you may or may not get if you're within the first 70.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

Supposedly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

they will guarantee that you'll be on there. I can confirm that that statement is absolutely 100%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

not true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:12]

And Were you boarding Group 68 and didn't get in? No. I was boarding Group 31. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

So so the backup, right, like, you're not at in that park

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:22]

by eight, you're just out of luck. Right? Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

the the day that Evelyn got sick, the following day we were supposed to be in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Hollywood Studios.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:33]

Well, you know, it it's a big enough of a deal to try and get up three kids

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:38]

and admittedly a a wife who sleeps in regularly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

up and dressed and out the door to be at the bus

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:45]

by seven to get to the park by 07:30 so she can make it through security and hopefully be in a place where you could actually get this boarding group by Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

So, basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

the the very start of this thing is the least family friendly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

way that you could possibly run this. That's that's like problem number one. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

Monday night, Evelyn gets sick middle of the night, like, o'clock in the morning. We are obviously not going to make the 07:00 bus. Like, this is not gonna happen. Right? So that that literally scrapped any chance of getting on that ride for all of Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:20]

And and again, like, this is not it's just not Disney. Right? And at least it's not the not the way that I think of Disney. So we're off Tuesday. It's fine. Right? Because we'll just go to bed early on Tuesday night, make sure everybody's in a good spot, and we'll get up early and we'll go Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:36]

And so we did the whole rigmarole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:38]

Yep. We got in there. Now, my sister wasn't really interested,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

in doing this, so her kids and and my mom weren't gonna go on this, particular ride, which, you know, is fine, but but then you stop and you think about it. Well, okay. They're not Star Wars buffs, but doesn't shouldn't this appeal to them too? Right? But again, the whole ADM thing. Sure. So so then we we get to the park and I I have a picture I can show you. It was insane

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

how many people packed into the area that leads into Galaxy's Edge,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

you've you've been to Hollywood Studios. You remember where Muppet 3 D Vision is? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

Okay. So just beyond Muppet 3 D Vision is now a huge tunnel that you go through. It's this whole separate world. Alright. And it's cool. We could we could talk about that. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

there are literally thousands of people compressed into this area, which is, you know, not great to begin with. That's probably where I got sick in the first

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

it's not coronavirus, is it? Man, I hope not. That I'll tell you what, I made one joke at the doctor's office about having just come back from Wuhan, and it was, like, suddenly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

they dropped everything. They were yeah. It was not good. So I was like, I'm I'm just messing around. I'm sorry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:48]

So, you know, you whip out the phone. You hope that you can get it. We happen to get a boarding group. Fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

Then the riot started late. And when once your boarding group is called, you got a two hour window. So we went and we've kinda churned through all of our fast passes because, you know, those only have an hour window. True. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

we're in the Indiana Jones stunt show where we get called. So, of course, the next thing we're gonna do is go to Rise of the Resistance. Right? Yep. Stunt shows, I don't know, maybe thirty, forty five minutes, whatever. Sure. We wander out there, the ride is broken. Now, this was not a surprise because the ride had been broken pretty consistently the whole time we were there. We've been told by friends, like, it breaks all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:31]

You know, just wait and it'll be fine. Alright? And and I can honestly say in all my time visiting Disney, I've not experienced

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

many ride breakages,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:40]

like Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

I I don't know. Maybe rock and roller coaster once, but I've never actually been in line or on a ride when it broke. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

you know, alright. Fine. We'll come back. We could do some more things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

And all they told us is basically, like, at this point of the day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

your boarding groups no longer count. Right? They don't matter because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:59]

we're not gonna sequence them out because you got other things going on. So you just show up whenever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

So we just you know, they said you could check the app. If you see the boarding group numbers sliding up, that means that the the ride's working again. Well, the the app leaves a little bit to be desired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

We didn't see it start getting to go until 03:00.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:18]

Right? And so we wander back over to Rise Of The Resistance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:21]

And I just asked the lady, like, look, we got a 04:00, you know, dinner reservation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:26]

Should we do the ride now or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

should we go do the dinner reservation and come back? And she told me straight up, like, you should go do the dinner reservation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

If the queue is long to get into the ride, you you would miss it. So, alright. Fine. Got it. Go to the dinner reservation, come back, the ride is broken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:44]

K?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

you know, my kids at this point are, like, pretty devastated, which is the other kind of non Disney thing about this whole thing. Right? They're just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:52]

really upset.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:53]

And because we're running out of hours. It's now 06:30 or whatever. Sure. Park is only open till 08:00.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

So we go. We write a couple other things. Suddenly, I see on the app that the ride starts going again. So we hurry up over there. And I'd say it's, I don't know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:07]

06:30,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

06:45

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:09]

in around there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

give or take. Probably closer to 06:45.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

So we get in line.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:15]

We wait in queue for this ride that's supposedly optimized to have us for about forty, forty five minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

Right? So the park's getting close to being done Yep. The day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

We finally get on, and I'm ecstatic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:29]

The first,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

I don't know, five minutes of this ride it's a twenty minute ride, first of all. Right. The first five minutes of this thing were just breathtakingly unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

So it's supposed to be immersive. Like, you are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:42]

on a actual ship transferring. You're on a starter story, like, all these things. Right? And and I get some pictures I can show you, but it's it's impressive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:53]

Then all of a sudden, we're getting ready to be interrogated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

and the ride just breaks. Oh, man. $7.53.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

So at this point, we can't make it to fireworks anymore. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

Henry and and Sarah were actually able to make it on to rock and roller coaster ride before they closed off, which was great. But, like, there was no chance to go on again. The next day, we were planning to be a Magic Kingdom. I ended up being sick. Damn. Right? So they gave us a FastPass

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

for the next day. Fine. Right? That works if you're gonna be in that park the next day. True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

The kids I was I was out sick all day. The kids did make it there. They kinda threw a Hail Mary after they worked through all their fast passes in Magic Kingdom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

But yeah. And they enjoyed it. I Henry did not label it his favorite overall ride, but I have never seen my kids as upset at Disney as they were after that ride broke. Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

Yeah. After all that too. So, you know, I it's a very complex ride.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

I I just think it wasn't ready for prime time. I I think I think Disney must have released this too soon. And then on top of it, this whole boarding strategy is just stupid. It is absolutely dumb. It is not conducive for families. It's not enjoyable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:07]

So yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

Can Disney afford you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:12]

You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

can redo the whole Galaxy's Edge experience,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

specifically focused on Resolute Resistance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

I I think most of their problems are probably mechanical engineering That's way out of my wheelhouse. Out of your league. Yeah. Yeah. Well, not out of my league. Out of my wheelhouse. Come on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:28]

No. It's it's fascinating, John. There's, like, at one point, the the ship that we're on gets captured by a star destroyer. Right? And then you get interrogated,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

and then the ride breaks is what I'm getting from this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:40]

But but when you step off this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

the ship that gets captured,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

you're in this massive room. I mean, huge with, I don't know, like, 50 or 60 stormtroopers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

Yeah. Right? I'm pretty sure they were animatronic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:53]

but, like, the intensity of the size of it all. And and the kids were telling me that they had, like, legit full size,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

ad ads. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

Yeah. And just stuff like that. So at one point, you're you're moving through

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:06]

the the tunnels. You you wind up at a bridge on a star destroyer. All these different things. And I I can send you a video that that I was watching,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:14]

to to kinda find out what Sounds illegal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

I'll probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

it's it's really a impressive ride, and I'm sure it's gonna be awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I I just I just think Disney needs to step up and kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

get the ride functional reliably first Yeah. And then, fix this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

absurd boarding system. Yeah. I will say Hollywood Studios as a whole, unbelievably busy for February. Was just ridiculous. Yeah. Very

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

busy. It was busier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

than two years ago when were there in August. So not last August, but the August before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

Crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:50]

Yeah. And you think this do you think this is just Galaxy's Edge related or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

Well, I mean, that definitely has gotta be drawing more people to the park. It's too early for spring break.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

It is. And so I I don't know what the deal is. Maybe this is the new Disney attendance levels. I I hope not, but Yeah. It it was it was a lot of people, man. It was a lot of people. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

Alright. So what parts did you like about Galaxy's Edge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

Well, the I mean, the whole the whole experience it's just it's it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

possible to communicate in words

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

how massive this thing is and how detailed. Yeah. So they literally created a little Star Wars world

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

that you can walk through. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

I mean, it's just it's just breathtaking, to be completely honest with you. There's a full sized Millennium Falcon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

is unbelievable. It is is beyond words.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

And the Smugglers Run ride is awesome the first time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

It's okay the second time. It gets boring after So there's there's really very little variation in the ride.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

What's cool about it is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:01]

you know, again, like, this whole thing is immersive. Right? So when you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:05]

board this ride, you are going to be in the lounge area on the Millennium Falcon. Right? Like, I I sat at the Dajaric table. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

With the kids, got a picture. You know, it was great. And then, you know, of course, nobody thought it was funny. But as I'm walking through the corridor, I'm like, Chewy, we're home. Nobody thought it was funny? Where are all the nymphs when you need them? Yeah. I'm sure they, didn't find that funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

Tip to or props to my my friend Daniel Johnson. I you know, checking out for food. I asked if they took Imperial credits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:35]

Nobody really got that. I agree to people with the the sayings from the book. People did get that. The so there's this whole book, The Galaxy's Edge is based on. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

And so I was walking around, like, you know, bright suns and till the fires, all this jazz.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

Nobody got the imperial credits one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

No. In fact, one lady's like, is that a different kind of card? I'm like, what are you talking about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

I did buy a deck of sabacc,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

and so we, we can play that next time you're here, John. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:06]

Sounds good. Were there any Hutt sightings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

There's no Hutt present, and I actually thought that was a misfire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:17]

Was there any Baby Yoda sightings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

Interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

in Galaxy's Edge, no. But the kids saw a ton of the child, as it's referred to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. At Space Mountain in Magic Kingdom. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

Yeah. So a lot of shirts,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:33]

things of that nature. My my I was not at Magic Kingdom because of the the illness,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

but, my my family didn't pick anything up. But they said Space Mountain was loaded Yeah. With stuff from the child. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

Yeah. Cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:46]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

Shoes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

Alright. Did you return? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

I can't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

I've definitely put too many miles on them. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

the shoes were mostly okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

The thing that that got me was I I went with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:07]

from the New Balance store, was given a pair not given. I bought a very expensive pair of insoles for running

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

in which the arches were too far forward, and so with prolonged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

walking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

they were they were truly uncomfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

I ordered a pair of Superfeet Greens, which I had used a number of years back,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:26]

and they were perfect, like, in terms of arch alignment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

However, the shoes that I bought did not have enough vertical room in the toes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

And so after the first day, my my toes were literally, like, being squeezed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

Yeah. Doesn't uncomfortable. Yeah. No. It wasn't. And so I popped those out, and I put the ones that came from the store, and I used those for the remainder of the trip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:53]

mostly did okay. I had foot pain at the end of the night. There's there's no debate in that. I think I probably would have benefited from a half size larger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

you know, is what it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

the the thing that that got me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

I guess it's Thursday night. It was actually right at Rise Of The Resistance.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

They have these textured,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

walkways in Galaxy's Edge that have, like they're just not they're not level,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

they can really hurt your feet, man. Like, if you're not paying attention to what you're standing on You know, you got some kind of lump on under there or whatever. It's just it's not great. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

Thursday night, my my feet were hurting. But, you know, all in all, I survived.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

I will confess I haven't actually worn that pair of shoes since I got back. Have you worn any shoes since you got back? I guess you went to the doctor, so you had to put something on. Yeah. I I I put on my my junky e Nikes because they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

loose and really comfortable. They just don't have great support. Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:54]

I I mean, I'm gonna keep wearing these shoes. I'm not gonna, like, you know, wanna done them. But how many more inserts are you gonna try?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:01]

Well, I I I kinda wonder if maybe these shoes are just not gonna work well with an insert. They just don't have enough vertical

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:07]

Mhmm. Room

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

to allow for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

any reasonable insert to go in as far as I can tell. Got it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

Yeah. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

I survived, John. You survived?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

Alright. So you're currently drinking a hot toddy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:22]

But Yep. Did you drink anything interesting at Disney World? Any milkshakes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

I did not have any milkshakes. Milkshake IPAs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

No. No. No. I didn't. But, actually, you know, the the beer scene, truth be told, at Disney was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

less exciting than I was hoping for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

On a couple of very rare occasions, you could find something from Cigar City, which is a great brewery, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:46]

not at, like, table service places. So What about in, like, Belgium in Epcot?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:53]

So we spent hardly any time in Epcot. The kids really don't care for Epcot. Got it. And so that we just didn't focus our time there. We we showed up to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:03]

ride on Soren, which is a really fun ride. Other than that, we really didn't spend much time there. Alright. That's where all the good beer is, Stan. It's gotta be where the good beer is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

There's there's definitely better beer there. I mean, Germany alone has a couple different beers that are really good and worth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

worth trying.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

But, you know, Hollywood Studios would be, like, a random place that'll have a good beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

Think the problem is just the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

actual restaurants

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

are pretty vanilla in terms of the beer they have. Yeah. So now I did I'm trying to think now. I, so at the SciFi drive in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

which had a fantastic hamburger, I mean, really legit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

they had milkshakes. I was so uncomfortable after eating there that I did not get one. They had alcoholic milkshakes, which I did not try.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

I did have a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

habanero

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

something another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

tequila based cocktail that was pretty decent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

I also I had a cocktail

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

at at the O'Hana restaurant at the Polynesian,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

which was good. I'm not a big sweet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

cocktail guy, and most of the cocktails you find at Disney are sweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

I I have mixed feelings about whether or I should have, you know, spiked the the blue milk that I had because you can get that with with Bacardi.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

I'm not entirely sure that would have been great, but Yeah. Maybe. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:33]

Alright, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:34]

You have not convinced me that I wanna go to Disney World, but, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

Well, I mean, it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

it is it's a good time. I had a good time. I just we got wiped out with illness on this trip. Nope. The Rise of Resistance, I think, was a black spot, but I I genuinely have a good time. I had great food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:52]

You know, there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:54]

oh, gosh. I'm trying remember now. It's, Flame Tree Barbecue in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

Animal Kingdom. It's just fantastic food. Really Yeah. Really good food. It's a quick service place.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

So it's not like a big sit down thing. Go up there and get your food and you, you know, find a place somewhere to sit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

I love I love eating there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

We had a Tusker house, which was okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

In terms of of restaurants, I I still prefer Boma at the Animal Kingdom Lodge over that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

The have you watched the movie Avatar?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

A long time ago, like, when it first hit home runs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

Seen this movie ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:29]

Someday maybe It's on Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

Yeah. Oh, I need to get to that. The Avatar Flight of Passage ride,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

which is very similar to Soarin', the ride Soarin',

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

is is probably one of my favorite rides. It is unbelievable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:43]

So you are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

hunched over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

on this motorcycle like looking thing, which apparently is a banshee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

and you are lifted in the air, and you've got this, you know, huge domed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

screen that completely eliminates your ability to see anything else. And it's a motion ride, but Sure. It was it was unlike anything I've experienced. It was was so fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

Henry loved it. I had to peel him off of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

That actually that's at Animal Kingdom. Animal Kingdom has my favorite roller coaster, which is Everest,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:16]

which is a really, really fun roller coaster. Yeah. None of these were open the last time I was there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

Yeah. Animal Kingdom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

has gotten a lot better in recent years. Yep. I I really like the direction. I'm not sure I could occupy a full day there, but True. You know, we get we close. That was the day that we ran over to Epcot and did Soarin' right after. Nice. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:37]

yeah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

Star Tours over at Hollywood Studios

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

has apparently, and I haven't I haven't gotten confirmations, but they have 70 different scenes on this thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

And we got three of them. We got one from Phantom Menace. We got one from, The Last Jedi, we got one from Rise of Skywalker. Did you get to Podrace?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:54]

Yes. We did. Yes. We did. How'd that make you feel, Stan? Oh, it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

I don't I my kids didn't like that ride as much as I did, but I genuinely loved it. You remember what it once was?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:07]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

Exactly. Right? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

but really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

did enjoy it. I I've like, I wish there was a guarantee that every time you got on, you would get a different scene Yeah. Because that's that's the risk, right, is that you get one of the the scenes you've already seen. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

totally worth it. Really enjoyed that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

You know, it's an oldie but a goodie, but the Muppet three d Vision, I always find that amusing. Yeah. I laugh every time. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

Indiana Jones stunt show, that's just always good clean fun.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

So you were in that magic kingdom,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

but is there anything in that alien encounter

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

place anymore?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:44]

You remember that? There was like alien encounter, like alien, like alien and predator alien, And then that was too scary, so they made it like a stitch thing. And the stitch was in it, but it was all the same stuff that was in the alien one. But that was in Tomorrowland.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

So I have not I don't remember being at that, and I don't know that my kids made it there. So my kids the FastPasses we had that day were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

in the Seven Dwarves Mine Train, Big Thunder Mountain, and Space Mountain. The kids determined that the only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

the only roller coaster ride that was worthy of their attention was actually Space Mountain. Seven dwarves, they were very disappointed in. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:23]

You know, but, I mean, after Everest, rock and roller coaster, Slinky Dog Dash, some of these, like, they they weren't gonna hold a candle to it. So, you know, I I think the lesson there is if we if we do that again, we'll do Magic Kingdom first. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:39]

Dumbo? Did anybody go on Dumbo?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

Not that I not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

that I know of. Man. So I think think a lot of those rides might gotten

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

yeah. I think a lot of them might gotten hit up if they didn't have to run back to the Hollywood studios for Rise of the Resistance. Yeah. That that chewed up a lot of lot of time. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:58]

oh, the the gondolas that they have are awesome. Yeah? They are really, really fantastic. I genuinely enjoyed those getting from the resorts to the park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

And, you might be able to get from Hollywood Studios to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

to Epcot that way too. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

yeah, that was that was excellent. No wait. You just got on and you go. It was fast, efficient, beautiful view.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

Little concerned that there was zero security

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

on or off of those things. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

they're outside of park security,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

and, I mean, they didn't check anything. Interesting. Just got on. Yeah. It was very, very peculiar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

Did you,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:36]

ride the monorail?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

We did. In order to get to dinner the first night, the Polynesian.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

And, you know, I mean, it's cool. Right? But I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

I think it's a lot cooler as you're little. We we also zip through the contemporary,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

resort, which I've always had this, like, inner desire to stay at. Yep. And as we were stopped off there before we get to the Polynesian, I realized this thing has not aged well Oh, yeah? At all. Yeah. It is exceptionally dated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

So I, speaking of which, Art of Animation, fantastic resort. Highly recommend that. Really just world class, fantastic rooms, awesome pool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

You know, can't go wrong there. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

So what'd you do while I was gone, John? I worked.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

I did watch Picard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

I enjoyed this episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

I did too. I did too. A lot more than I expected. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

So I I think that I'm going to enjoy the season of Picard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

So far, see or episode two is the only one that I've kind of been meh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

Yeah. Episode two is a weak one. I I will not feel

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:41]

about this until we get through episode six Alright. Because That's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:45]

thus far. Yeah. Discovery has made made very poor turns at the halfway mark, so six will be one one into the halfway.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

Have you been catching up on AT and G or anything to, like, polish out your I haven't because you haven't, released your guide as your blog post of the month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

Ugh. I need to do that. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

two months behind right now. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:08]

At what point does it cease to be a New Year's resolution?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

Probably in March. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

I did I did catch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

Star Trek Generations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

since we last recorded. Just watched it for fun. Yeah. That is a good movie. I like that one. I yeah. I I really do. One thing that jumped out at me this time watching it, though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

see if you noticed this. I was looking at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

Jonathan Frakes who plays Will Riker. At one point, I like, that uniform does not fit. It just does not look like it fits him well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

And then a couple scenes later,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

Geordie was walking by. I was like, holy cats. Like, he could fit two Geordies in that uniform. What's going on here?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

And I started googling around. Come to find out, apparently, you know, this movie had all kinds of cuts. Right? Yeah. It was really tight budget. They actually started filming it before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

The Next Generation was done. Right. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

one of the things they cut on were the uniforms.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

So Jonathan Frakes is reusing Avery Brooks, captain Cisco's uniform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

And then get this, Geordie LaForge is reusing Cole Meaney, that'd be Miles O'Brien's uniform.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

And so if you look if you look when he's wearing the the uniform with the black base and the the gold top,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

the sleeves are way too long, and the whole thing is just baggy. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:26]

you'll have to keep an eye out for that next time you watch. Yeah. Did you see that, Jonathan Friggs directed one of these Picard episodes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:32]

Yep. He did. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

the c the the episodes he did for Discovery were also fantastic. Yeah. So I am really hopeful they'll keep him on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

You know, I know it's tough when he's also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

acting, and hopefully, we'll get him soon. Hopefully.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

But, you know, I don't know. All all in all, good episode. The, the seven zero nine thing felt a little rushed, though. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:58]

I mean, she just shows up at the end. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:02]

probably bad at any job plus ran out of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

It very well could be. I I'm kinda hoping that they will bring this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

you know, old bird of prey thing back. I hope that that's not all we saw of it because Yeah. They kinda made a big deal of it in the trailers. True. So Yeah. And then, like, there's still this scene to come with seven of nine as Gunslinger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

which I'm not sure how that's gonna go down. I don't know either. I'm I'm hoping so every one of these episodes just start off with a flashback, and I'm hoping that the next episode will begin with a flashback on how Seven of Nine and Picard know each other Yep. Because that's a big question mark for me. Yep. So Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

Alright. Only one more day, John. The the nice thing about this, episode is it'll drop when Picard does.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

I I never watch it on Thursday, though. It's always been Friday or Saturday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:52]

So You're you're running the risk of getting something spoiled someday. I am.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:56]

Oh, well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:58]

We'll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:59]

call that an episode so that Stan can go get healthy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:02]

Thanks, Sean. We'll go back Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:05]

We'll see you, buddy. We'll see you. Talk to you later.

