---
title: Kohlmeier Updates
episode: 105
date: "2020-10-22T13:41:17.000Z"
slug: kohlmeier-updates/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of Life With A Twist of Lemon Apple Podcast, the host
  discusses their experience with a high-end grill, specifically the Weber
  Genesis II, which has held up well over time. They also touch on their plans
  to get an electric pellet smoker for future grilling endeavors. The
  conversation is casual and informative, covering topics from grill maintenance
  to cooking techniques.
keywords:
  - grill
  - BBQ
  - smoking
  - pellet smoker
  - outdoor cooking
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright. I'm looking at the note in the first line. I didn't add anything this week. This is all you. The first line says, say who we are and ask for people to share slash review.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

What what do you mean say who we are? Like, you're Stan Lemon, and I'm John Colmire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:42]

Okay. People should know that you're the lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

Don't you think if they've gotten this far, they have some inkling that that might, like, maybe leave who we are? We've talked about this before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:52]

We are podcast completionists,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:55]

but I don't think that your average podcast listener is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

Okay. So for the sake of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:02]

random listener who's picking up their first episode of Life with a Twist of Lemon Yes. Episode one zero five. I am Stan Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:10]

And I'm John You are. There you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

We could probably just prerecord that and rerun it over and over again. Yep. And we could also record something like, hey, if you like what you hear, leave us a five star review on iTunes and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

share the episode on Twitter or Facebook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

We we used to say that all the time. Are you still on Facebook? I I don't even I am still on Facebook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

Okay. I posted How about our the fall twenty twenty photos that you don't get to see because you weren't on Facebook. You saw one of them because missus Colbert isn't on Facebook either. Well, they were on Instagram, weren't they? Just the one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

There Oh, maybe they I were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:48]

don't know. Whatever. Was a picture. Did post them on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

Instagram.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

I'll be honest with you, John. You don't care that much. I know. Well, if you post on Instagram, a picture of you is the least interesting thing to me. So Well, I don't post it that often.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

Yeah. But you have this lovely dog, and you could be racking up the likes. There's they're called likes on Instagram. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:11]

I think so. I mean, they're owned by Facebook. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:15]

You know, speaking of Instagram, it's funny you you bring this up, or maybe I did. I don't even know anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

But I got a message today. Well, okay. I got a bunch of messages. But one of the ones I got indicated that they were,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

like, consolidating with Messenger. They were switching to one platform and gave me the ability to opt in. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but I I now have whatever blended world exists between

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

Instagram

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

messages and Facebook Messenger. Have you seen this? I have not, but I don't use either of those things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

This was this was part of the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:48]

I don't know, the government's like, hey. You're creating a monopoly around messaging or whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

argument that they had because they they bought WhatsApp, they bought Instagram, and they're in their process of consolidating the technology

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

between the three platforms

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

for some nefarious reason. I don't know. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:07]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

do do you get do you get message spam on Instagram?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:13]

None?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

I mean, like, occasionally, I'll get, like, spam followers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:19]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:20]

No. This is messages. I I don't there's I've done something. I've upset the Internet, and I get messages from ladies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

that I don't know. They don't even usually have last names on Instagram.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

I'm scared to open them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

and my wife and you now have both said that they don't get messages like like this. I don't I don't know what I did. So you get it, but your wife does not, which seems to are you listed as female on Instagram or something?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

I don't think so. No. I like I'm very much listed as as a man. I wait. Do I can I even list myself? I don't know that I act is there a place to do that? Like, when you sign up, they probably ask you and you probably fill it in without thinking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

I don't know what I did. But, like, my account is private.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

I don't know how they're even finding me. Yeah. How can I get How can you get messages when you're I don't know? But it's it's totally ruining Instagram for me. I used to just like to log on and see pictures. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

But oh, hey. Look. Here's a picture of Dan Chaz. Oh, yeah? Oh, that's flattering. Yeah. Does he does he have an I iPhone 12?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

No. He doesn't. He's He's eating snowflakes, it looks like. Yeah. I I can't say that that's really what I expected when I opened up the Internet today, but but there he is in all his glory. Yeah. We had two inches of snow yesterday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

and it melted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:32]

probably around 11:00 this morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:37]

Wow. Snow? Two inches of snow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:40]

It's not just, like, flurries. I couldn't see my lawn anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

How

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:45]

does that impact your current lawn care process?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

So my lawn care process was pretty much over.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

So at some point, I will throw down a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

very cheap nitrogen fertilizer to basically give a kick start to next year, and I think I can do that at any time now because it's basically once soil temperatures hit 40 degrees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:06]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:07]

Now you say cheap. I like the sound of that. Do you So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:11]

whatever's in the clearance aisle at your local big box store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

Okay. But you don't actually go into the store. So how are you gonna get whatever's cheapest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

in the local big box? So missus Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:23]

loves

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:24]

taking Taliesin to Lowe's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

What? Like, Lowe's? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

No kidding.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

So she'll probably pick up. It's probably gonna be like Scott's lawn food or something like that. That's what I used last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

Okay. Alright. I I'm just thinking maybe I should do that. Right? Maybe? Yeah. Probably. I don't know that my lawn temps are down to 40. No. You can probably won't be there till the November.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

Yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

Lucy's got a mow coming up soon. All of our lack of rain has now changed, and so we've been getting a nice steady stream for the last couple days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:04]

My lawn is looking fantastic.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:06]

Nice. But it needs to be cut. So we're gonna get there. Gonna season, I will convince you to let Lucy cut on Saturdays and Wednesdays.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

Man, I don't know if I can afford that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:20]

That little girl's gonna make bank. Buy one, get one free?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

Yeah. Did you hear that, Lucy? If if I buy one one lawnmow, you're supposed to do that one free. I I probably truth be told, what I probably should do is mow in front of the house and immediately behind the house more frequently than the bulk of the backyard, because the bulk of the backyard does not grow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

nearly as fast. There's no there's no shade cover at all. Like, the house gives protection to the other parts, and so everything grows faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

That's probably what I should do, and then negotiate with Lucy a new rate based upon regions of the lawn.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

There you go. Teacher about business.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

So if it snowed,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

how'd like, how's your roof hold up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

Well, the roof

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

appears to be doing fine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

I had roofer number three out here on Monday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

What happened to roofer number two?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:17]

Roofer number two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

John rantime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:22]

If you run a business,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

like, I don't need you to contact your client every four hours or anything like that. Like, I don't but if the client is calling you and feels the need to call you every other day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:36]

like, you should probably remember who that person is if you're talking to them four times a week so they don't have to explain it every single time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

So okay. Hold on. I have so many questions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

So you called somebody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

four times in one week and they didn't know who you were? Not even the fourth time. I I I think of the fourth time he said, oh, yeah. I remember this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

Oy vey. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

So So was really happy with roofer number two. I probably talked about this before because I called them up. They were one of the first people that I called, and they said, yeah. We can't really do anything until you insurance knows and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

So then roofer number two, I called back later when roofer number one didn't actually work with insurance companies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:24]

and my insurance basically was gonna try to patch my roof, which I don't think you can match with shingles.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

So roofer number two comes out. He's, like, more upset about what the insurance company did to me than I am. So I thought, oh, man. This is gonna be great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

have you told him, the deal is off? No. Like, he doesn't remember who I am. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

So what do you do if he shows up one day with a crew? So he will not until

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:57]

insurance,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:58]

like, approves this. And right now, my claim is closed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

So I will get a notification when the claim is reopened

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

if they actually submit what the insurance company requested of them. Wait. Wait. Wait. Why why is your claim closed if you still have a hole in your roof? Because they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

so I have replacement value insurance like most people probably do,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

but they come out and they actually send you a check initially

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

the depreciated value, the actual cost value.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:31]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

they basically consider that's closed

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:36]

until a contractor would then send them

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:39]

an estimate like, no. We need to replace the whole roof because we can't find

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

a match for the ten year old shingle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

What when did the hole in your roof emerge? When did that first emerge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:54]

when demerged?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:56]

When when did your when did your hole in your roof first appear? So August 10.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

So roofer number three, it has been seventy days as of us recording this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:08]

Wow. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

No

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

noticeable impact on your bills yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

No. But I've been running the heat because, you know, snow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

It got down it got down to, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:20]

it was it was in the low fifties one day. I'm like, alright. I gotta cave and turn on the heat because it's 50 degrees in the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

There's a certain point at which you just gotta give in. But I'm curious now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

how's like, has your tarp held up that whole time?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

So the tarp was blown off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:41]

I called you. I was grumpy that day. I've been grumpy a lot recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

I'm I'm gonna be completely honest with you. Lately, I can't tell the difference between grumpy and non grumpy John, so I'm just like, okay. If it makes you feel any better, you can tell the difference when grumpy and not grumpy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

normally, which you might be the three people in the world who can. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

Well, I I think you're in a so there's like grumpy grumpy John. Right? Where you're like, something's just, like, tripped your trigger.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

But this is, I think, a, like, slow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

steady burn of grumpiness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

that is just it's it's kinda like a a forest fire, and it's just consuming more and more acreage by the day.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

So if you want to help the mental health of John Colmire, feel free to send pipe tobacco to my address. You can message us for it. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:28]

that's what helps. Okay. Self medication.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

Self medication.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:32]

Oh, boy. So, yeah, roofer number two, they submitted,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:37]

like, an estimate to the insurance company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

The insurance says said, okay. I'm not gonna drop $13,000

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:44]

without an itemized list or proof that the whole roof actually needs to be replaced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

So she called them. She emailed them, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:53]

no response.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:55]

Alright. And so roofer number three is going to solve all of your problems. Is that the general So here's hoping. So I scheduled the roofer number three on Monday, which is the day we got two inches of snow, meaning roof not visible.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

Okay. So Have you heard have you heard back from that guy? Or So he is gonna come out tomorrow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:16]

to get a sample of the shingle, basically, to prove,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:20]

like, a, we can't match this because it's 10 years old, or it's too brittle, and we can't bend it up 90 degrees to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

patch the work, something like that. So he will be out tomorrow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

when it's gonna be 70 degrees here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:36]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

Alright. I'd say I'm He was professional. He

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:42]

like, this company has three locations across the whole state of Iowa. So they're, like, a big outfit,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:48]

and they just do roofing and siding and stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:51]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

like, initial

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

reaction

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:54]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

I'm happy with it. Well, they're usually good with first impressions. Right? It's like that's that's part of the business. I guess it was a sales guy. Now what? I Project adviser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:05]

I think I told you this by text, but my experience with contractors has been generally dismal. It was it was really bad in Seymour. Like Damn. In in Seymour, I could guarantee nobody was gonna call me back without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

fail. Yep. I thought I thought I'd have some strategic advantages down there. I did not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

Lo and behold,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

I I had to chase contractors for work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

And I think it came down to here's here's my my assumption. I think there's a certain type of individual who takes on the role of a contractor, especially in, the construction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:41]

area or space, if you will.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

And they really like what they do,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:46]

but they don't like running the business.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

And the idea of keeping track of, like, who you've spoken to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

you know, maintaining a calendar,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

all of those things, and, like, following up, making phone calls, or or heaven forbid, emails. That was something I couldn't get anybody to ever do and and see why it was emailing. The roofer number two never ever

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

responded to an email.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:08]

Yeah. So I I think that just that's the kind of thing that has an interest, a certain type of individual that likes to be in that space. Right? They wanna do the work, not run the business. And, you know, they're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

they're their own worst enemy because they're implicitly limiting their business, getting horrible ranks on and reviews on, Yelp and Google and Angie's List or whatever. Right? We go look when we need the hole in our roof patched or the drywall. I think there's probably, like, three drywallers in all of Eastern Iowa, so that's gonna be lots of fun when I get to that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:40]

It it and you're you're probably even in a in a more special place right now because you're also dealing with people who need to interface with your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

insurance company. Yep. And and I mean, like, nobody actually likes doing that. Like, there there's not a soul on the war in the face of the planet. It's like, oh, I woke up today and I want to talk with an insurance agent and get a claim filed on my house. Like, no no there's no sane person ever does that. So I think you're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:08]

So you you just I will say this. Spot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:11]

I have homeowners insurance through State Farm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

The subcontractor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:17]

adjuster from Florida

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:18]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

absolutely terrible, not overly professional.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:23]

And, yeah, the claims agent who's down in Louisiana

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:28]

is a delight to talk to on the phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

Well, that's good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

He, she, probably a permanent she's probably a permanent employee

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:37]

Yep. Which probably makes a big difference. And also claims that traveling the country. Yeah. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:44]

Oi, I'm sorry, John. That that really sounds like that stinks, dude. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:48]

if you'll notice, I've mixed up a grandpa colmeyer Manhattan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

Oh, that's that means Soco. Soco, sweet vermouth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:57]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:58]

Aldi has cherries back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

Oh, hey. The cherries have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:03]

no stems, and they're kind of small,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

but they were back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:07]

Stemless cherries. That's bizarre. So I I have to ask now. Do you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

have just one jar of cherries, or did you buy a second for when they're out of season?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:17]

I have just one jar of cherries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

Okay. My my suggestion to you is that you have missus Kolmeyer splurge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:26]

and buy an extra jar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

of cherries for when they become out of season at Aldi, and then you're not having to worry about finding them when you wanna make a Manhattan. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

I bought another toy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

I know you did. And what's interesting about this one is you you waffled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:48]

You waffled way more than I expected from Jonathan Kollmeyer. And you got our friend, the barbecue rev,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:56]

the bbqrev.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

or on YouTube, the bbqrev.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

But you wanna go to the website, thebbqrev.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:04]

he wrote up a post just for you, giving you advice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

on buying a cooker

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

for a tightwad like yourself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

And I was pleasantly surprised.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

Oh, okay. Tell tell me more. Why were you pleasantly surprised?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

So I I upped my budget in the eleventh hour as he mentions in the post,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

and he came in $200

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

under that budget. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

with the high end one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

And it's interesting. You're what what did your budget start off with originally?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

My budget started off at $250,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

basically, because I was thinking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:47]

like, an electric upright kinda like the one you have. And I think the one you have probably costs around the $250

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

range.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:54]

It was it was a little less than that, but yeah. Yeah. So Mine's mine's not electric, though. Right. Yours is propane. Yeah. So that's kinda what I was thinking initially.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

You talked me out of the upright one by saying that it's annoying to cook evenly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:09]

Well, I I think it depends on the unit. The the issue I have is I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:14]

I would like a little bit more heat range because when you get cold weather or you get a breeze

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

or something like that, you're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:23]

you have to be on top of the unit the whole time. And I think that's an a a major advantage out of a electric.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

Right? Right. If you wanna go that route.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

I believe I told you one of the reasons I didn't do an electric was because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:37]

up until this, like, I don't know, last two months or whatever, I didn't have a deck out back. And so when I smoked, it was literally in my driveway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:45]

K. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

In after an Accord.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:48]

Yeah. And I I wasn't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

I didn't wanna do that. Now, it's not saying I couldn't have, but my garage has one outlet in it, believe it or not, which is absurd in of itself, but whatever. Yeah. Has Great. It has, yeah, has one outlet, and it's not in a convenient location. And so It's up above the garage door openers?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

No. I wish. That would be fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

To the left of my garage door, I have a bunch of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

shelves that I put stuff on, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

behind those,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

it's smack dab in the middle of that wall is where the outlet is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Wow. Yeah. It's very it's very oddly placed. I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

I I truthfully don't know why it's why it's where it is. But Crazy. What's above your garage?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

Is that your bedroom? Most of it is the bedroom. There is an empty cavity

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

at the most front part of the the garage. So you could run electric up through the ceiling? I could. And it's something that that someday I will probably put in more outlets in there. It's just not I don't know. I wasn't gonna do it just for a meat smoker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:53]

yeah. So I started off at $2.50.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:55]

Basically, I was thinking, like, I really wouldn't mind having a Weber

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

kettle grill.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:02]

A Jumbo Joe. A Jumbo Joe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

I don't think that's what they're called.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

I thought that's what the big one was called.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

I don't know. Anyways, so, like, that's what I was thinking. I mean, my pastor has smoked on that his whole life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:17]

Finker's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

initial videos were on the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

mini Joe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:24]

And yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:26]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:27]

that was his first recommendation, not the low end one that I probably would have gotten, but the premium,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

which he makes good arguments for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

Yeah. So this is an Oklahoma Joe's Highland, and I can testify to the quality of meat on this particular unit because I have sampled on two occasions,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

Pastor Franker's barbecue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:47]

on this particular unit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

Nice. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

I'm I'm interested to see how this checks out. This is not an electric. This is not a propane. This is wood.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

So yeah. So I was looking at, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:00]

the cheap electric pellet ones on Amazon, like z grills or whatever. Mhmm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:05]

And I was thinking about this, and I have had my power go out way too many times this year

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:11]

to actually go electric

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

for my first cooker. Sure. Sure. Now you you have a grill though, and I mean I have a propane grill. But just think, I could've smoked meat for the entire neighborhood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

Well, to be clear, you can smoke meat on your grill, your Weber. Then I need, like, a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:29]

smoke box or I guess you can use aluminum foil. Yeah. The the so I did this for a long time before I bought my smoker, and what I would do is I would remove the grate from the right side,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

and on the flavor bars, I would set an aluminum,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

like, pan. Right? The, you know, the you know I'm talking about? The Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Girl pan. And yeah. And I would put chips in that, and I would put a piece of aluminum foil over top of it and stab holes, so that the smoke, you know, seeped out. Sure. And I would do it that way. And and it wasn't bad at all. It was not necessarily,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

easy to manage from a temperature standpoint. I'm sure that this Oklahoma Joe will be a lot lot more consistent on the temp front, but got me started. And I think anybody that's interested in smoking meat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

this is a good way to to give it a whirl. You know? Finger did not allow for that option.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

Yeah. I was surprised. I don't know if he's just not done that option or or what the deal is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

He actually talked me in I he doesn't remember this, which is weird in of itself, but who knows? Maybe he's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

he's smoking something just other than wood. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

he

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

he was the one that convinced me to smoke steak on my Weber grill the way that I did back when I lived down in Seymour.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

And the nice thing about steak, right, is it's not on there forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

You you can,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

know, if you temperature goes up a little bit, you know, it's not the end of the world, all all of that. And so I I did that. It turned out fine. We did a,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

we did a very, very small chunk of pork that way as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

And the only downside to it is, like, it's just a lot of lot of management, you know, but Yep. You're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

you're gonna have a lot of management with the wood chunk one too. It'll it'll be different. It'll be more fun. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

it makes a statement. It's a cool looking cooker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

That it is. That it is. So now are are you ordering

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:22]

the Highland or the LongHorn or where did you go? I went with the Highland.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

And did you go the reverse flow or just the Highland offset?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:32]

Just the Highland offset, I think. Okay. I don't I clicked the Lowe's link and that's what I what I got. Yep. It did 879

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

square inches

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

black

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

charcoal horizontal smoker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

Did you happen to see did our friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

the barbecue rev, set up a referral link at all?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:51]

He did on Amazon. I don't know if the Lowe's one was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

I hope he did that. I'm assuming there's a way to do that because because he should at least make a a little bit of scratch off of your your purchase. When when does the smoker come? The smoker comes Friday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:07]

fully assembled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:09]

from Lowe's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

because it was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:14]

with the, like, $50 for delivery or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

It was still $30 cheaper than the one on Amazon. There you go. And what is the first I'm assuming you're gonna smoke this weekend. What is the first thing that you're gonna smoke? So missus Kollmeyer has requested a whole chicken, which appears to be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:32]

a pretty good starter one because it doesn't take all day. So, like, if I really mess it up, I could go try again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

I guarantee you won't do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:41]

Yeah. No. A whole chicken is is, I think, a a good place to start. You know, a a pork shoulder is immensely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

forgiving

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

in in so many ways,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

but it is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:52]

long time commitment if you're just learning how to use your smoker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

So I I definitely,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

I don't know. I'd be curious what what Fanker thinks, but I wouldn't recommend going there. Are you gonna try a chuck roast? That was you did a couple of videos on that recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:06]

I'm sure I will at some point. So missus Colmire is not the biggest fan of beef. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

we'll see. That's a Buto thing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:14]

Yeah. Yeah. I I would like to try the chuck roast. That's not something that I've done. I've mostly focused on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

steak

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:21]

hot dogs, which are delicious if you do them correctly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

and then lots of pork shoulders. I'm actually planning to do a pork shoulder this weekend. I'm gonna do it a little little different than normal because I've got one massive 12 pounder in the freezer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

And Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:36]

At at two pounds per or excuse me, two hours or even an hour and a half per pound,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

That is a long smoke.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

So I'm gonna I'm gonna try something a little unusual this time. Do you buy the meat from Kroger?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:49]

So we did, for a long time. And actually, if you can find a good

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:55]

shoulder there, go for it. I've I've never had bad shoulder meat there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

We haven't been to Kroger in quite a while just for reasons. Right? I did try,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:06]

what what's the thing where you order stuff online and they deliver it to your house? Instacart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:11]

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That. I did that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

with with Aldi, but they didn't have any shoulders. That was, in the Yeah. Aldi's meat selection isn't the greatest. Yeah. I mean, when they got it, they're fantastic. Right? So my my recommendation to you, you don't have a deep freezer, do you? I do not. Okay. Yeah. That'll probably change soon. So the the thing with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

with pork shoulders, when you find a good deal, you wanna buy a couple of them. And so, like, I've got I think I have four in the freezer right now because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

Kroger had them at, like, 99¢ a pound, and the Kroger ones lately have been large.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

Yeah. I I prefer a smaller shoulder, but, you know, it is what it is. So Interesting. So I have two really wonderful places to get meat. One is Fairway, which is a local grocery store change that chain that has

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:55]

a whole like, the whole back of the store is a meat counter, and they have really good prices. So that is where I normally go when I'm going for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:03]

some

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:05]

big cut of meat usually or steaks or anything like that. And we also have Nelson's Meat Market, which you can order, like, up to half a cow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

Okay. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

Sounds like you definitely need a freezer. I will tell you, we we bought a deep freeze when we moved into the house in Saxonburg,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

which, if my math is correct, is probably close to ten years ago now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

it's I mean, there have been times where it's been nearly empty, but most of the time, it's got stuff in it. It's been especially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

handy as of late. And once you get into,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:38]

you know, cooking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

something other than a chicken breast, right, you will find a lot of value in having a place to store meat. I think I think the barbecue rev himself has two deep freezers in his basement, but he also has pushers that are just like, hey, you want half a hog? Yep. Yeah. My brother-in-law and sister are the same way. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

Are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:59]

you thinking of a turkey come Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:02]

We'll see how the chicken goes first. I won't commit yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

That's something I've been doodling on is if I wanted to try a turkey, try smoking a turkey. I have not done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

I think I've done a turkey breast before. I've not done a whole turkey. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

could be an interesting challenge.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:20]

We shall see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:22]

I also,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

came today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:25]

I got some hickory wood chunks, so I'm gonna try to do the chicken with hickory.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:29]

And I got Hickory is good. A ThermoPro wireless remote digital cooking food meat thermometer with dual probe for smoker grill barbecue thermometer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

Did you go cheap on the thermometer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

It was just under $60, so I'm gonna go So interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:46]

Come you didn't order a thermopen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:49]

like I told you to? Because I went with the ThermoPro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

It was it was a matter of being on Amazon or not, wasn't it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:56]

I think it was a matter of when the delivery was on Amazon, and the settings are gone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:01]

Alright. Well, when it dies or shorts out or doesn't read quickly enough or isn't accurate enough,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

you let me know, and then I will send you a link to the thermoworks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

Or the Thermo Pen, both of which are fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

I tell you what, I have had a lot of different thermometers over the years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

The responsiveness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:21]

and quick read of the ThermoWorks products

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

make them so worth it. And I'm sure the barbecue rev will, at some point review his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

his ThermoWorks equipment because he's actually the one that put me on to ThermoWorks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

Alright. He told me to suck it up and spend some green.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

We'll see. If it sucks, I'll return it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:43]

I how are you gonna do that if you use it? Amazon, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

Oh, good lord.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

I I can't even imagine what that would like, it didn't work or, like, what are you gonna say? Yeah. Please ignore five options. Ignore this piece of raw chicken that's on my thermometer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

Believe me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

I also have, like, a $12

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:04]

just regular instant read meat thermometer that has served me well so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

So As as long as it reads quickly and accurately, you can't go wrong. But, something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

else I I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

Does this have, like, different kind of probes that you can hook into it? Yeah. Two different ones. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

So one of the things that, again, the barbecue rev put me onto was an air temp

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

probe. Yeah. So I was doing some research, and Finker should be proud even if I was going to other YouTube channels. Oh, boy. Basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

so the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

it's an analog temperature gauge on the smoker, and it's way up high. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

So, like, it it's not accurate at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

Yeah. I mean, it all depends. Like, you gotta check it out, right, and see. I think you you've used your grill,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

so you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

that that thing can vary wildly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

have had another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

you know, like an oven thermometer that you you set on the racks or whatever? Yeah. Yep. I just I just put another one of those hanging from the the upper rack that you normally put the hot dogs on and so that I can keep an eye on what the temperature is. Now, fortunately, for my Weber, they're mostly aligned, I haven't had a problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

I did that on the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

the smoker until Fanker put me onto the air probe for the dot. And so then I actually will position the air probe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

excuse me, right next to where the meat is. So I get an accurate temperature of the air right by the meat. And then I fish those that as well as my actual meat probe out the back of the smoker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

And, then I can just swap it on the dot as I need to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:44]

Yeah. So this is gonna be interesting because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

like, on the offset, there's the firebox

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

over to one side. So I imagine the other side is gonna be cooler than closer to the firebox. Yep. Probably. That'd be my guess. I think, you know, Finker has one of these, and so I think, you can can learn a lot from him

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

about exactly how can learn a lot from Finker. Yeah. He's still pretty with this, YouTube channel. You know, I'm I'm still looking for, like, the tldr version of the videos. I would love it if you'd you do the edited down version for the guys that have no time to watch YouTube. Just watch it two times speed. It'll be fine. I I can't always do that. I was doing actually, funny thing slow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

enough. You can do I did that with our episode last time when I was listening around my wife, and it exhausted her.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:29]

She couldn't keep up. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

Yeah. Missus Colmire doesn't like it when I listen at two times speed in the car. Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, if you do it long enough, you start to adapt to the particular thing you're listening to. But initially, it's a little jarring.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

Yep. So on on the grill front, I my Weber grill now is probably eight years old, I'm guessing. I'd have to look it up on Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

I love the thing, but my my flavor bars, which are the, like, triangular hoods that sit over top of the burners,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

they've they've started trademark.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

They they started to rust, and they've been getting some kind of weird oxidation on them. So I did some research. Yeah. It is. I don't know what the deal is. I don't have any other problem with the, like, the gratings on the bottom or the actual stainless steel grates that came with it. None of that seems to be having any issue. But I went ahead and I just ordered some new flavor bars. So I'm gonna try those out this weekend, probably with some chicken. We'll do some grilled chicken or whatever. But Nice. I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

been I've been really pleased at how well this particular grill has held up. And this was the thing I told you about your smoker. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

when you got your grill,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:38]

you basically went from,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:40]

nothing to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:42]

I won't say, like, a Cadillac, but like a really high end Buick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

but you didn't you didn't hold any punches back. Right? Like, you bought a high quality grill. And I think grills, at least in my experience, this is an area where the amount of money you put down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

directly translates to the sturdiness and in in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:03]

ability for the the unit to endure. So I've had a number of grills over time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

and this Weber as was way more expensive than all of them. In fact, that was more expensive than the previous two combined. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:15]

it has held

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

up through a couple of different moves. It has done fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

And I I've been real real pleased with it all around. I I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

it's it's more than made its money back to me, and I think you learn that with your Genesis. Right? You got a Genesis or you get the spirit? That's what it was. Okay? Spirit two. Three burner.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

Yeah. And so I think, you know, that that was my advice to you with the smoker. You could go on the cheap end,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:43]

but you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

you know, I I think you're gonna wind up replacing it or something, and and I think you you love a little collecting them like Finker if, like Well See, right now, I don't know if I'm gonna, like, wanna go out and smoke, but we'll see. I'm I got a feeling that you and the dog are gonna sit out there with your pipe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

and and the wood chunks feeding this thing all day, and you're you're gonna love it. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

I I obviously didn't take my own advice with my my smoker, but I also knew a deck was coming, and that'd be a total game changer. So in my defense You should get one of those big trailer ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

No. No. I I can tell you that where I'm headed, and it will probably be in the spring, I don't think I'll do this before the spring, is I will get a electric

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

pellet feeding

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

one so that I can set it up before bed and then have pulled pork with my scrambled eggs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

I don't know. I still see, like, smoking ribs at farmers markets on the weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

No. I don't I don't see smoker. No. I don't see that be that's not my world, man. That's not my world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:48]

I guess that's an episode. That was pretty good for something that I just came up with. Yeah, man. Hey, look. You can do it too. You usually don't like my topics.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:55]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

they were all relevant and interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

Just as a reminder,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

please check us out on iTunes, Life With A Twist of Lemon Apple Podcast. Podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

Right? Yeah. Podcast app. ITunes, it's all the same thing. You know what mean? But but leave us leave us a a review on Apple Podcasts, and, five stars, please. You know? If you write something, we'll read it on air.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:18]

Yeah. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

And, feel free to reach out too. You can also like us on or favorite us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, whatever it is you kids do these days. And, on that note, I will say this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

This is Stan Lemon, the Lemon for Life with the Twist Lemon, reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

wash your hands and wear a mask.
