---
title: About Page Updates
episode: 165
date: 2021-12-16T13:39:38.000Z
slug: about-page-updates/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of "Life with a Twisted Lemon," host Stan discusses his bio
  with listener John, covering their shared fandom for sports teams,
  particularly the Steelers and Pirates. They also touch on Stan's enjoyment of
  spending time with his kids, despite their bickering at that age. The
  conversation is lighthearted and conversational.
keywords:
  - steeler fans
  - pirates fans
  - self-help topics
  - productivity tips
  - budgeting advice
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

Hi, Stanley. How's it going?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

It's going alright, John. What's, what's on the agenda tonight? We're we're running out of things to talk about. It seems to be an end of the year trend.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

Yeah. There's absolutely nothing on the list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

We've got this episode and two more in 2021.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

Will that be the end of the podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:42]

It's sure looking bleak, John. It's sure looking bleak.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:47]

Dan Chesse hasn't sent us any topics

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:49]

to talk about recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

No. He hasn't. And if I look back, John, if I'm if I'm being completely candid with you, most of these are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

are driven by either Dan Chess or myself

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:00]

topic wise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:03]

Yeah. So pretty much I spend all my time in a car these days, and my life isn't that interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:09]

But I did notice on our website, twistoflemontwistoflemonpod.com,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:15]

we haven't updated our bios in a while on the about page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:20]

Okay. Alright. Hold on. Before we we get there, just wanna make sure. This episode drops on the sixteenth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

and there's the twenty third and the thirtieth, and then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

this year's done.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Okay. So we have to, at some point, get in an episode about New Year's resolutions, because we've we've pretty much always talked about New Year's resolutions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

That's a So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:42]

we recap the ones that we talked about at the beginning of the year in December, but then we sent new ones in January.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

I feel like though we actually recapped these already.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:53]

We have ones. Yes. Yeah. So I don't know that we need to I'm closing in into my book goal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

Alright. Well, we're all rooting for you, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:02]

But you don't care because you finished all yours by March?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:05]

Yeah. Well, I didn't my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

my goal was squishy this year. I don't actually remember what I set

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:11]

as a goal. I don't think there was because you're with me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

Yeah. No. No. I oh, that's what you meant. I meant, like, reading goal. Yeah. I I crushed my New Year's resolutions this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:21]

Reading goal wise, I I didn't I just wanted to read every day, I've I've mostly done that. I've had some slow books

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

as of late, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

Twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

We have an about page? I didn't even know we had an about page. We do. It's a nice picture of you buried in the sand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

My head in the sand. Alright. So my name is John Kolmeier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

husband, web dev ops manager. Why why is that all one word? Why is web dev ops all one word?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

Because that's how it was on my job description at the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:54]

Okay. I feel like it needs spaces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:56]

Okay. I'm also not entirely sure why it's capitalized in three different places within a single word.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

Do you I mean, do you find it odd that you capitalized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

manager

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

but not husband?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:10]

WebDevOps

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:11]

manager is a proper title.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:14]

Husband is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:16]

I'm not sure that it was ever a proper title, and I could make an argument that husband is a proper title too. I wonder how your wife feels about that. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:24]

so this is this is I didn't capitalize pipe smoker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

No. You didn't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:29]

I'm glad to see you capitalized Tolkien, so there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

Then you say I live with my wife in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. That's as far as I know, that's Yeah. Still

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:39]

And work out of the Nubo District. Not true. That's not true. Yeah. My formal training

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

started in philosophy and moved to IT networking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:48]

Now, I focus on web development and project management for McNary, marketing, and design.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:53]

It's so interesting. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:54]

I don't think I realized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:56]

that you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:58]

labeled our employers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:00]

explicitly on this. I don't I don't think I ever do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

No. I'm pretty sure I stole yours from your website at the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:13]

I I don't think I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

Maybe. Well, we can we can go look at version history and see for sure. That's that's true. That's true. Alright. Just continue along here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

Then you say when not in front of my computer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:27]

which I I guess that never happens anymore. Right? That happens more now than it used to. Oh, interesting. Okay. You'll find me on my bicycle. When was the last time you rode your bike, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

I did get in a couple rides this year, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

it was a while ago. Was the last Did you ride together?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

Yeah. Yeah. No. I've ridden since then. I went out with a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

friend from church.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

Enjoying a craft beverage, coffee, beer, cocktails. I don't think you can list coffee here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

I'm I'm of the opinion that you cannot list coffee here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:59]

For a craft beverage? Yeah. Yeah. Why? There's there's really nothing crafty about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

the bulk of beans you order on Amazon, is there?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:09]

Well, when I wrote this, it was true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

Okay. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

We're playing that game. Alright. On the golf course or immersed in my current book. That one cracks me up because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

how how, like, how out of date is this thing? This would have been when we launched the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

Okay. So were you were you actually reading back then?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:28]

Yeah. I was. Okay. Alright. So you took off the time between when we started this podcast and this year?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:34]

Hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:35]

I've read.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:37]

I even hit my book reading goal last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

Yeah. Did you read a mad dash oh, okay. You didn't you read, like, every Percy Jackson book at the end of last year just to, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:47]

squeeze it out? Percy Jackson through most of the year, I think. Okay. Because that was so when everything locked down,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:55]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

one that I was on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:59]

ended up being late at the library because I couldn't return it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:02]

They have since cleared the late fee, but, you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

Oh, so but they charged you a late fee at the time? Like, during the lockdown, you got hit with the library late fee?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:11]

Yeah. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

that they didn't turn it off on the system, but they've since gone back and removed it all. So I I was merciless. They they got right on top of that here in Indianapolis. We never got charged the late fee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

Nice. I never paid the late fee, but Well, that's good because they they reversed it. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

Alright, John. Let's, let's start with what's your title now? And and if it's all one word, indicate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

indicate the starting space and ending space for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:41]

So I don't really know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:43]

From HR's point of view, it is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:46]

digital marketing specialist.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:48]

From my manager's point of view, it is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:52]

ecommerce

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

digital assistant.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

The good old DMS. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

Why why do you think there is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

disconnect between your manager and HR?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:05]

So at some point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:07]

like, don't know what my current job

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:11]

description is either because the one that I applied for I was told didn't really apply since they had hired a copywriter,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

but I never saw an update to that. So, you know. So here's the thing. In my experience, the only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

people

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

who care about job descriptions

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

tend to be one, insecure about their own job,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

and and two, trying to formulate some sort of change

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

that they're just not adult enough to do on their own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

How's how's that for for something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

So I would have guessed it would have been HR and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:52]

people looking for a job. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

I mean, there's always a job description on a job listing on the website. But but I can tell you, at least in my experience, those are normally pretty generic, broad, and not very, like, helpful in day to day work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:06]

Sure. Alright. And so and and then after that, like, your job evolves. Nobody updates your job description. Not in a not in a real job. Right? So just, like like, think about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

think about prior employers, John, that obsessed with job descriptions when you were the only employee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:24]

Right? True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

That that's just like isn't rational. It's not a rational use of time. And again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

like, I I really think it resonates of some adult insecurity.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:34]

I I also think Anyway certain I think that's where the disconnect is, Stan. Okay. Well, thank you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:40]

I think the other time that you and I worked at the same place where they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

spent an unusual amount of time focused on job descriptions. There was also an immense amount of secure insecurity going on. So I I don't know. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

job descriptions are worthless.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:00]

So see, architect level.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

Well, I mean You know, management guy. I guess you're kinda like upper management now, aren't you? I have no idea. I I don't I wouldn't just show up and you do stuff. Does anybody tell you what you're supposed to be doing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

No. No. Because you get to this level. You get to this level, people stop doing that. Right? Which maybe that's why you you don't have a job description too because, like, you know, you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:25]

the amount of problems that you are going to tackle

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

are not already cataloged. They're this part of they're they're like this ether that exists in some part of an organization. Right? And you go and you you work on those problems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

I I don't know. This is this whole thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:43]

bizarre to me because, like, you do the thing that you do. Right? That's your job. But if you're not doing it, but that's the problem. Not, you know, are you doing the things that are accurate on your job description. Now, you know, there I'm sure there are problems where, like, maybe you're usurping authority, or you're doing something that you, like, legally cannot do, or whatever. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

Yeah. But I think that those are the exceptions,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:04]

not not the standard situation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:06]

that we find most of us find ourselves in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:10]

Fair enough. So, basically, this all goes back to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:14]

factory workers and how working like factory workers doesn't really match with the work we do today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

I mean, I I think you are a factory worker. Well, right. Yeah. You you and I exist in a in a service industry. Right? A technology field in service service industry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

And I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:31]

the nature of what we do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

evolves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

so rapidly. Right? Like, if there's a new ecommerce store that pops up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

and it would be valuable for you to sell on it, it would be really stupid for you to not do that, because it's not in your job description.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

In fact, I would argue that that would be you not doing your job and would be a fireball offense.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:52]

Alright, Stan. I'll keep an eye out. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

just like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

I don't know, man. Maybe there's there's a there's a time and place to write things down. Right? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:03]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

wonder how this jives with what I said last week too about rules.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

It's kinda like Dan Chess. Dan Chess said that the only rule that he has is that he doesn't make rules.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:16]

And I said, that's funny coming from a camp director. Then he says Yeah. You can make rules for other people. So I mean, I'm I make rules to get my way,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

you know? Yes. Like, that's that's definitely that's part of part of the I've got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:30]

an app that I can't stand out now because of you and your rules.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

What? Oh, Streaks?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:36]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

Or whatever. Oh, yeah. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

silly, John. I it's not my fault that you don't know how to sign up for a new account on an app. That's all I'm sign up for a new account. I had to reach out through freaking support to make it actually work. Well, you know what? There's somebody whose life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

they they received a paycheck. They found, hopefully, a little bit of fulfillment in their life because they helped you, John. So look at the upside of how you served your neighbor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:07]

What's that to me, Stan? Don't know. Why couldn't it just work? The developer got paid too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

Yeah. Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

So so you've got two titles. Which are you which are you choosing, John? Like, you're gonna go update this page after this conversation. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:23]

Maybe. I mean, we might only have three episodes left. You should

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

should update this. We should make it a little more generic. What's what's what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

title are What

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:32]

I use in my email signature

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:35]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

digital marketing specialist.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

Oh, DMS. Alright. So we're back to that. So, basically, you ignore your manager.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

So, dude,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

in the payroll

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:47]

system, that's my title on my nameplate on my desk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

It's the other one. So I don't know. Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

Well, you know, I think payroll is a compelling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

piece of evidence to support digital marketing specialists. So I'll I'll go with it. Alright. Now you do not work in the Nubo District.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

No. We're I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

now the Nubo District is is both a region, and then, like, it doesn't you probably link to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

I I don't know what that was this. CRM

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

c R Main Street, the district.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

Yeah. Yeah. This is like a whole thing. So is there is there some comparable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

geographic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:24]

or cultural region

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:27]

in it's in Cedar Rapids. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:30]

The Nubo District? No. No. The place you work now? No. I'm in Coralville, which is closer to Iowa City. Like, a suburb of Iowa City, I guess, I would call it. I thought Iowa City was a suburb of Cedar Rapids.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

No. Iowa City is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

sometimes the second largest city in Iowa when there's a football game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

Okay. But it's at the very least, it's a suburb of Moline. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

No. Like, who cares about Moline except people like tractors?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:00]

yeah. I mean, tractors are pretty cool, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Alright. So Coralville, what what would I possibly know Coralville for?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

So there is basically a highway that is called the Coralville Strip that has lots of restaurants

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:15]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

stuff like that. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

So I wouldn't know it? You wouldn't. No. Okay. It's Iowa City. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:24]

Okay. So your formal training, as far as I know, that has not changed. That has not changed. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

Now you focus on web development and project management. That's not true though. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

Okay. So So how would you describe your focus, John? I guess that my current focus is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:44]

Walmart and Amazon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

seller marketplace

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:48]

optimization.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:51]

At least the last couple weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

You okay. You so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:55]

you basically make sure that you sell stuff on walmart.com and amazon.com?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

And deal with all of the things that get flagged for policy issues and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

Okay. I wanna come back to that that in just a second. What

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

what company do you work at now, John? Because it's not McNary Marketing and Design.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

I work at West Music.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:17]

West Music. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

No relation to Kanye. I I was just I was just gonna ask, like, how's how's Kanye doing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

That's isn't that Wyoming where he's at now? Or like, I feel like I saw something in Why would I know this, man?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

Because you work for West Music. So what does West Music do, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

So they sell musical instruments. They also do a lot of other things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

They have instrument repair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

They have music therapy division.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:49]

But basically, they would be best

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:52]

known probably as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:54]

the recorder supplier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:56]

Okay. So when I was in fourth grade, you're telling me that I probably had a West recorder?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:02]

You probably acquired the or the recorder that you had probably passed through West Music at some point. Alright. So I wanna I wanna go back to that policy violation thing. Help me understand

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

what sort of policy violations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:16]

a recorder

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

can have?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

was it off pitch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:22]

No. So this is more for the listing itself rather than the product.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:27]

So let's say we're selling a Yamaha recorder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:31]

Yamaha

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:31]

is a trademark that is locked down by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

Yamaha, the company. So if you don't have their permission and documentation providing that,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:42]

then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

your listing gets removed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

Oh, interesting. So I cannot sell a Yamaha product

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:49]

even though I'm a distributor of Yamaha without Yamaha saying it's okay to sell it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:54]

Right. Yeah. So Yamaha has to state that you are indeed a distributor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:59]

that you have permission to use their trademarks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

I find this amazing because of the amount of what I feel like are garbage listings, especially on walmart.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

So Walmart is different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:10]

There's there's no requirement on Walmart to So Walmart is definitely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

currently, Walmart is relatively new.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:18]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:19]

they aren't as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:20]

there aren't as many policies.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

It's more like if it falls into a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:25]

banned category. Like, you can't sell

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:28]

ammunition on walmart.com,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

even though Walmart source would carry it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

Okay. So if your recorder comes packed with gunpowder,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

a no no.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

Okay. And I imagine, like, if your recorder has a built in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

knife. Right? Like, a switch blade comes out of the bottom of your recorder. Also, cancel that on walmart.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

Right. So with Walmart, what was I I haven't done as much of this as much as, like, making sure that our shipping templates are set up correctly on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:57]

Walmart

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

updating listings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

And right now, my main focus is trying to become a pro seller and get that fancy badge on Walmart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

What what does that actually mean, though? Like, does that help you sell stuff?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

Yeah. So you kinda get a preferential placement

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

like, buyers know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:19]

that since we ship directly from our warehouse, buyers know that, hey. These people are legit rather than fly by night operations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

So okay. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

if Amazon is also selling the thing that you are selling,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

how would I even find your listing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

If you search it, like, depending on what it is. I don't know what

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:43]

I don't have a item for you right now. But if you, like, search basic beat or something on walmart.com,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

basic beat is basic beat?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:51]

It is basically elementary

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:53]

aged

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:56]

percussion instruments. It's one of our brands that West Music

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:00]

makes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

Okay. Alright. And you don't sell your products directly to Amazon to sell?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:07]

So on Amazon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:09]

we're also listed there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:12]

But basic beat would be one where you can find us on Walmart, probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:17]

I've I've truly never understood this. So I'm I'm looking at the first Yamaha recorder that came up. It's the number one bestseller in recorders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

It says ships from Amazon, sold by Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

Right. And if I click on there's eight options from new.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

Am I gonna see you? Here's Brooke Mays. Here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

Avasani,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

your music supplies now, string and horn,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

The Music Store, Mud Pie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

You probably don't sell this product to you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:45]

It could be out of stock too. So, like, when we're out of stock,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

it will remove her, like, suppress the listing on Amazon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

I I guess so here's here's my here's what my real question is. I and I'm this is not a knock. I'm I'm genuinely I don't understand how people successfully sell stuff on Amazon, because I never come over to that where it says, like, new parentheses eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

I I never click on that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:12]

if you watch closely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:15]

if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

you're the lowest price, like, there's more than just price that goes into it, but, basically, there's a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:25]

buy box

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

ranking that you're trying to get.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:31]

So you can actually qualify for that buy box on the first thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

And then, like, I'll click on the other listings occasionally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:41]

if

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:42]

I'm looking for a used item or if I'm or if it says, hey. It's cheaper from these other sellers or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

Interesting. Okay. So I did search for basic beat.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:54]

Will be faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:56]

I I did search for basic beat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:59]

Yep. I found a few items. I found the eight note resonator bells with case, which by the looks looks kinda slick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

Don't you still have young nieces and nephews. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

So the youngest is five now. Oh, this is fair game. You should absolutely pick one of these up. And you can buy it on amazon.com for $33.95

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

with $5 and $74.74

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

cents in delivery fees.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

Yep. Alright. Ships from West Music, sold by West Music, and if I were to buy this, I'm not going to because I have no need for this, I could know that my friend John Kollmeyer was helped out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:36]

Okay. So I don't know. This is all fascinating. Now, this one, I don't see any other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

nobody else sells this and you said so this is our brand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

I am I'm fascinated by all of the the, like, economics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:51]

selling on amazon.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

I I truthfully don't understand them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

I've sold a few used books over the years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

and that I mean, always gone fine, but, like, I had to I had to underprice everybody by so much in order to get rid of the books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:07]

Yeah. Which is fine because I'm done with them, but whatever. So there are cool

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

tools now where you can undercut the lowest price by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:15]

5¢ or whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:17]

Like, the seller portal on Amazon is very, very polished and very easy to use. The seller

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:23]

portal on Walmart

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:25]

is very, very buggy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:27]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:28]

I'm not a big fan of the seller central app though on iOS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:33]

I know you don't use the app, but I do. I don't. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

Let's see. What's next on this? So we've we've established where you work, and wait, I think we've established what you do as a digital marketing specialist, the good old DMS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

Now, when you're not in front of your computer, you'll find me on my bicycle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

Would you still put that there today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:55]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:56]

But I did buy a new,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:59]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

foot strap for my indoor exercise bike, so maybe I'll actually get on that in the cold weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:07]

Okay. Well, that's that's interesting. You know, I'll I'll go with that. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:12]

And then you say enjoying a craft beverage, coffee, beer, cocktails. So, John, what are you drinking tonight?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:18]

Right now, I'm drinking water because I literally got home and then set up my computer to record.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

So Alright. Well, that's But I do have disappointing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:26]

I do have supplies

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:28]

for a martini

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:30]

and for a Negroni.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

Oh, those are kinda your those are your jams. Now the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

martini drinks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

Is that a vodka martini or because you use gin. Gin. Yeah. Yeah. Classic martini.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:46]

okay. And blue cheese stuffed olives as garnish. So there's that. Oh, interesting. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

I see, I think the thing I've always struggled with, I've never really gotten into the salty cocktails.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:57]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

I don't know. Plus, I got high blood pressure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:03]

Fair enough. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

Is there any craft beverage? We we got the cocktails established. When was the last time you had beer in the house, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:12]

Months ago, maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

I see. I I can't live like that. What about wine? You always have wine around though, don't you? I do always have wine. Yeah. Yeah. So I I think you should come in here. Think you should replace beer with wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

K. Okay? I think you should replace cocktails with salty cocktails.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:29]

But I make Manhattans and margaritas too. I guess margaritas, you can salt them and then they'll be salty too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

I disagree with this coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

but, you know, you you do Yeah. Coffee, I so I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:42]

optimized my life by just subscribing and saving coffee, so I didn't have to think about it or run out occasionally. So Well, how often do you even make coffee anymore? Don't you just get coffee at work?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:53]

I have never tried the coffee at work. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

Really. Because I make coffee every day. When you were in Nubo District, didn't you drink, like, two pots of their coffee every day?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

I don't know if I would call them two pots, but I drink lots and lots of coffee there. I do not drink that much coffee anymore. Okay. Alright. Well, interesting. I also don't get to work at 06:30 in the morning, so there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

And then next up, you have on the golf course. How many times did you go golfing in 2021?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:22]

Zero.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

Really? You haven't gone golfing at all this year? I did not. I got a new set of golf clubs handed down from my uncle, but I never made it out. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

Yeah. I was gonna go golfing. We should talk about that sometime. Last year, I went golfing a total of two times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:40]

Okay. Alright. But you you still like golfing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

I do like golfing. Okay. I just don't know that it's an accurate statement. When not in front of my computer, you'll find me Yep. It's not. On the golf course. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

Or immersed in my current book. What are you currently reading?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

Audiobook

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

or physical book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

Well, I think this opens up another can of worms. If you say immersed in my current book,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

like, in your mind, does that encompass the audiobook, or do you have to explicitly state audiobook?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

I think that encompasses it. Okay. That's fine. I I I I'll I'll guarantee. I just wanted to clarify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

What's your current audiobook, John? Fahrenheit four fifty one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

Oh, jeez.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

It's great great great book by the way. It's one of my But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:25]

it's ironic to be listening it to it via audiobook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

Yeah. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

I wonder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:31]

I wonder. Alright. What do you This morning, I did finish

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:37]

Anna Kendrick's book, which I would not recommend to anyone. So Okay. There's that. I wonder what Ray Bradbury would think of listening I know. Audio

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

in a car. I honestly, what would you think about reading on a Kindle either? Right? I've I I don't think I've ever read it read it in paper form. I think it's always been digitally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

So, well Yeah. It's rolling over in his grief. Yeah. Is he still alive?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

I I I have no idea. That's actually that's actually a great question. Is Ray Brad I he there's no way he can't be alive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:10]

Because I don't think he wrote that when he was a young man. He'd he died in 2012.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

Alright. There. Not recently, but but recent enough to know what the Kindle is anyhow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

So I I'll give you that one. I'll you that one. Now, let's rewrite this, John. When not in front of my computer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

you'll find me doing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

what's the first thing that we'll find you doing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:33]

Playing Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

I think that I think that's what I would put at the top of the list for you too. I I might even specifically cite Overwatch, but but definitely playing video games on the Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

Second,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

I would probably put watching television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

What would you put?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

I don't know that I watch that much TV. I've been on a Sopranos kick recently. You've been yeah. You've on a Sopranos kick, and you've messaged me quite a bit about it, which is why it stands out to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

I feel like you have watched more television in the last year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

than you did in previous years?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

Maybe. Because we watched through Ted Lasso.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:15]

Watched through Ted Lasso. Yeah. Haven't been watching lots of movies though. So We talk about Hawkeye?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

Hawkeye, all the Marvel scenes. So Oh, But I don't know about the second.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

Don't know that I spend the second most amount of time doing that. Alright. So so what are you gonna do with the rest of your night tonight, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:33]

Eventually, I'm gonna eat dinner and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

I've got a bunch of email to go through in my personal email address because I haven't I actually set up my computer here

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:43]

for the first time since I took it down on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:47]

Wednesday

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

because I work home here on Wednesdays and Thursdays. So we'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

I think I would probably put something about your dog.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:57]

I do play with the dog a lot. That is a big part of your life. Probably need a picture of the dog on here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Yeah. Yeah. It'd be a good picture to put

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

on for sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:09]

So alright. You Cooking? I do cook a lot. I haven't But recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

I do like to cook. Do you like to cook on weekdays? Let me put it that way.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

It depends on what it is. I don't like to do, like, high intense

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:24]

things on weekdays.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:26]

Yeah. Yeah. But, like, I'll grill grill burgers or something like that. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

Alright. So when you update this, I expect you to put

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

Are you taking notes? Can you put in No. I'm not saying you're you're gonna you're gonna listen to this again. You're take this when you listen to it. But but at least you're gonna have the Xbox for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

I think you should put something about TV, but you're gonna probably put cooking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

I think you're gonna leave in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

salty cocktails. You're gonna replace beer with wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

You're dropping on the golf course.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

I think you're gonna leave, or immerse in my current

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:59]

book

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:00]

or audiobook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

yeah. No. All all that's good, John. All that's good. Now you I'm a I'm a pick on this since we,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

we're on a roll here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

You when I when I brought up golf,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:14]

and I said,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:16]

why didn't you go or whatever, you said, well, we should talk about this sometime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:21]

About golf?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:22]

No. No. I think about why you didn't go golfing. You said it was a rough year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:26]

And you said, we should talk about that sometime. So here we are. Let's talk about it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

What was I gonna say? I had a bunch of, like, really philosophically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

awesome

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

whining about how hard my life is stuff. No. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

basically, 2020 Typical millennial.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:42]

Twenty twenty golf courses were closed for a long time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

And then, you know, pandemic, so I didn't really wanna go into a golf clubhouse or be around people.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:53]

So I didn't I think I went once once or twice in 2020.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

2021,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

I was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

laid off twice, I guess. So I spent what? How many months do we decide that was unemployed?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

I honestly, I don't know. I would love to have I'd love to figure that out because in my mind, it's somewhere between, like, two and seven months.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

Because you when you were when you got hired back give I think it it was probably right around five exactly.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:26]

So that's going on half a year unemployed, so I wasn't really gonna go spend money golfing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:33]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

You don't really spend money on anything, but a cruise. You did book a cruise. I did book a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

John on unemployment still booked a cruise. So people, if you're ever wondering why one, John is stingy, and two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

if you wanna understand John's saving philosophy, it's all about booking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

not just any cruise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

a Disney cruise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

So so it'll be John and a thousand little kids

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:56]

on a Disney cruise. I don't know if that's true in March,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

but we'll see. There's adult only areas on the strip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

Well

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:06]

anything else you wanna say about that, Stan? No. I don't know. You I mean, you said it, so I was just curious to come back to it before you forgot about it but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

about the cruise. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:15]

No. I'm good, John. I'm good. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

yeah. So that was not golfing. And then I think, like, the pandemic was bad for everybody. I think what really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:27]

hit me

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:28]

was when the Drecho hit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

Yeah. You were that would that puts you in a bad spot. Like, I remember waking up maybe three I was still without power and just waking up and not knowing what to do, and I don't remember feeling that before. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

That was 2020, though. Yeah. That was August 2020 when yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

When did I I mean, I still am waiting on a fence to be done, but when did I finally get gutters on?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:58]

August,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:59]

September.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

So It was like, I think that definitely was your 2021.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

Right? Like, getting the house back to normal. And by the way, we haven't had an update in a while. What's the current state of the guest room?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:10]

The guest room is done. There's a bed in there. People have actually slept in it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

Is it painted?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:16]

Painted carpet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

Okay. So it's just the fence out back that remains to be repaired?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

Yep. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

Now can the dog go out in the backyard without a leash on?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:28]

Yes. Yeah. So the fence is functional.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

I did some patch repair work early on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

when we had the dog.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:39]

it works,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:41]

but it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:42]

waiting for it to get warm again and things to be in supply.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

Oh, yeah. The wood shortage. Although, things got back and now I think they're getting more expensive again. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:52]

Alright. My my fence was already paid for, so I'm locked in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

I just don't have it. Just don't have it. Okay. We should probably wrap this up before we do real quick update.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:04]

First of all, still husband, father, software engineer, Star Wars, affectionado, and sealers fan. That has not changed on my bio. A 100% accurate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

I still live with my wife and my three kids in Southern Indiana. I guess well, we put we did this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:18]

I don't know if Indianapolis counts as Southern Indiana. I would probably just say live in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:22]

I still study theology and biblical English at Concordia University of Forest, where I received my bachelor of arts degree. Totally true. After college, I took up software development. Still absolutely true. And then this part is definitely out of date. I am currently a software architect at Twilio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:36]

I left Salesforce after eight years. When I'm not coding, I enjoy spending time with my kids. Still true. Reading Star Wars books, that's actually what I was doing before I got on the call, John. And watching the Pittsburgh Steelers even when they have a lousy season like this year. So So you there go. You still enjoy watching them?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

I do. I do. I mean, like, you know, even even the game last week where they they lost,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

fourth the the the second half was really fantastic football.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

They're just they're just not playing a complete game, and you know, you're gonna have that. Right? Like, I have been new quarterback,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

because yours is an old grandpa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

He's he's old. He's he's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

I don't know. He he's got these moments, though, where he comes on that field, and he just dominates. So it's it's it's bittersweet. But I have to remind myself that I have been a Steelers fan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:24]

for fifteen seasons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

and they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

they have gotten 500 or above in every one of those. And if I had to look, they've probably gone to the post season 10 plus times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:39]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

more often than not, I'm still watching football in January. So if if this is the year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

where they don't make 500,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:47]

right, or they don't go to the playoffs, which they like, they've gone they've not gone to the playoffs before. But if if this is the year that they don't make 500,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

you know, I'm not gonna be mad about it. Like, if they do that for fifteen years in a row, I'm gonna be mad about it. Right? Like, Cleveland Browns or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:02]

But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

I still enjoy. I enjoy my team even in fair weather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

I've liked sports teams that have set,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

like, records through all history in terms of consecutive losing seasons,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

Pirates.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

You know, that's not a great feeling, but it's it it is what it is. You're far more optimistic about this now than you were a couple weeks ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:24]

I mean, look, man. When they tied

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

when they tied the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:29]

lions, it was pretty bad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:31]

I I just at this point, I've I've come to terms that they are not the best team

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:36]

in the league this season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:39]

are not going to be able to compete

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:42]

with the best team in the league.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

And, you know, it is what it is. I I don't control it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

it's you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

you've got me now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:51]

So so let let me be clear. We're we're recording on Monday night. Right? Normally, series would play it on Sunday, and I would still be pretty sour about this, but they played last Thursday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

So I You're covered. Yeah. Because we're not Green Bay Packers fan. Right. Well, they won last night.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:06]

Okay. They they they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

dominated. They had actually a really rough start to last night's game, and then Aaron Rodgers does what Aaron Rodgers does, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:18]

don't like that joker. I really don't care for him. But they won, so it is what it But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:24]

if they lost, then all of Wisconsin would be depressed for a week. Yeah. They they get a they get a little bit of a tizzy, don't they? It's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:32]

And you still enjoy spending time with all of your kids?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:35]

Yeah. I do. I do. Not necessarily all at the same time. Notice it doesn't say that. Say I like spending with all three at once.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:42]

I mean, we we they they think they're they're good moments. Right? But they're at those this age now where they they they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

bicker, and it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

it's nice to have them. It's nice to have them separately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:57]

Alright, Stanley. I guess since you can just fly through years after we spent half an hour talking about my bio, then.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:04]

Okay. This my duty of choosing a topic. There's yeah. It does. But there's there's just not that much to talk about, John. I'm I'm I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:11]

not that much of a of a change, you know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:15]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:17]

Alright, buddy. I think that is as good of an episode as we can muster. We've got two more to go. We're gonna save the last one for New Year's resolutions. What do you wanna talk about next week? Let's let's lock it in, so we don't have to squirm to make stuff up for the the last two episodes of Life with a Twisted Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:35]

We should do something self help y, Stan, because those usually get lots of listens,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:40]

budgeting,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:42]

productivity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:43]

What do you want? What comes to mind? Well, I'm neither,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

doing a good budget nor am I,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:51]

being very productive. Talk about your productivity in your new job because you've been, like, cranking through things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:57]

I've well, yeah. We could talk about that, I guess. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:01]

I don't know if that would actually be interesting because I'm just in immersion mode, but but we could definitely talk about it. I don't know. Alright. So here's the thing. I've got the last episode of the season picked up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:10]

That means our listeners need to come up with something before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

Monday. If don't if you don't, I'm just gonna read

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:17]

the Gospel of Luke for Christmas time in its We do could a Christmas Carol.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:23]

Christmas Carol. Or a Muppet Christmas Carol screenplay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

No. It'll get sued. They'll they'll be all ready for copyright infringement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

Gotta do something where I don't lose all my wealth and my livelihood. So Alright. Well, Christmas Carol is in public domain. So Yep. Alright, John. Until next time, my friend. Later, Stanley.
