---
title: Episode 150!
episode: 150
date: '2021-08-31T14:26:55.000Z'
slug: episode-150/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Well, John, I am led to believe that this is a special occasion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

All occasions of the podcast are special, Stan. All of them. Okay. Including the, what, 149

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:39]

that preceded this?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

Absolutely. Okay. Some more than others.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:45]

Are we good? Should we do a a rundown of our our 150 episodes ranked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:50]

by preference?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:53]

We can, but I'll have to do some preparation that I did not prepare for. Oh, we just we we can do a random number generator on this one. It'll it'll be fine. No. I was I was actually thinking for the for the hundred fiftieth episode, wouldn't it be great if it was a hundred and fifteen minutes long?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

Come on. Nobody wants that. We can do this. We can do this. We we've probably gotten close with Patrick Sturtevant. Yeah. We definitely gotten close. Gotten close. So no. I you know, it's it's funny. We actually don't have a lot on the agenda apart from this is the hundred and fiftieth episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

And I was It is. I was reflecting, maybe we need to go back because it's been a while where we talk about the origin story of the podcast and the origin maybe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

of the logo and the name. I don't know. Is that we don't like, we don't have to make the whole episode about that, but maybe that's that's gonna start.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:41]

So Do it. While you're doing that, I'm gonna look up what our most popular episodes are by downloading Oh, there you go. That'd be interesting. So I was trying to remember back. When was the first time that you told me we should make a podcast?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

It has to have been

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

like a decade ago. Years. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

Because So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

you started a podcast that you weren't actually involved in. You were a guest a couple times,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

you started a podcast for an organization that we both worked in that lasted, what, six years? I don't think it's available online. Yeah. It lasted a long time, and and I I was periodically guessed, but when we started it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

I had zero intention of being on it because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

I didn't like podcasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

I worked I worked for the largest podcast hosting company on the planet at the time. I they probably aren't anymore. Who knows? I have no idea. But Apple probably is now. But they don't host.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

Right? They don't host. This was an actual hosting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:37]

Hosted list. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

did that and I think I think the idea of podcasts

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

just bugged me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

because it was too close to work, but I also knew that it was good for the organization that we were in. And the funny thing is, like, do you remember podcasts ten years ago? It was a totally different scene. That was yeah. It was huge, man. So we regularly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

were over, like, 1,200 downloads a week on that podcast. Yeah. Which is a big deal at that point in time. Right? But I mean, like, just think about think about the way podcasts are today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

I don't remember daily news podcasts the same way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

they exist today. Like, the New York Times was not sinking

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

millions of dollars into podcast production,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

you know. And Right. What's his buckets? The guy that Finker always listens to on Spotify.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:23]

Jocko? No. Not Jocko. The other guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

The I'm annoyed. The fighter guy. Oh my goodness. What is his name?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

Somebody's yelling at the at the at the thing now. He got the big podcast deal with Spotify.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:37]

Seth Rogen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:38]

Is it Seth Rogen? Joe Rogen. Joe Rogen. Joe Rogen. Yeah. We got there, John. Seth Rogen, the actor. Seth Rogen, the actor. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

I don't even remember what the oh, it's a $100,000,000 deal to do a podcast on Spotify. I don't even know how many years, but I mean, just think about that. Right? Podcasting now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

wields that kind of money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:57]

It's just unbelievable to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

But but again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:01]

we don't make any money on this podcast. We probably lose money on this podcast or you definitely We definitely lose money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

But but you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

kept saying like, hey, let's let's do a podcast. Let's do a podcast, and I don't wanna do it. But then I moved up to Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

and when I first got up here, I was in the habit of taking the dog for a walk and calling you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:20]

And Yep. I think we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

the first couple months I was here in Indianapolis,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:26]

we actively debated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

getting a new MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:31]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

Yep. And it eventually led us to both get a new MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:36]

Right? And I think that that the the conversations leading up to that, that was really the impetus to start this particular show. Yeah. There was that, and we also talked about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:45]

finance,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:46]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:47]

you were mentoring me through early career moves and things like that. So I just thought it would be valuable if somebody else would listen in on our conversations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:56]

A 150 episodes later, we still don't know if it's valuable, but but we've had fun. So the thing was you kept saying to me, like, it will be low effort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:05]

We won't have to do a lot of editing. Won't We have to do a lot of research.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:09]

We we, you know, I I guess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

I don't remember if we said no notes. We have notes kind of, but, like, minimal prep. So we did not have notes when we started, and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:19]

you got antsy when you didn't actually have any idea of what we would talk about when we recorded. So I think that has been a net positive for Life with Twist of Lemon. Yeah. Now, granted though, like our notes are not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

super fleshed out. We literally have three bullets. Yeah. I don't know if we'll talk about the second one today. Who knows? But the second one's been on there for for probably The past. Six episodes. Yeah. Something like that. Right? But but so you made this pitch that I would have to do absolutely nothing. Right? Yep. And and that's pretty much held true. I do absolutely nothing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

And then Yep. There are some days where you look forward to recording more than I do. Well, that's that's that's fair. Yeah. I mean, I think that's that's kinda like life. Right? Like, we all have our ups and downs. Some days I'm like, oh, we're gonna talk about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

you know, John drinking a Miller 64. And other days, you know Right. John's like, I've got yet another story to tell about mowing my grass. You know, like, it's just who knows what's gonna happen? Speaking of which,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

two inches of rain in the past two days here in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Holy Moses. I guess when it rains, it pours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

Literally.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:17]

So you've been how how long did you not have rain until you got to that point, though? It was, a long time, wasn't it? No. So we got half an inch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

two weeks ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:26]

and then it was probably forty five days with no precipitation whatsoever. And so you're out there moving sprinklers all the time, I presume?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

If I wanted to pay for the water, then sure. Oh. No. My lawn looks completely terrible, but it actually, with these last two days of rain, is starting to green up again. So we'll make it looking good for the fall again. Yeah. But two inches of rain will do that. You should have put some fertilizer down before the rain came.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:48]

Well, I think there's probably still fertilizer that is active

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

since the grass went dormant. Okay. So Alright. We so we diverged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:56]

I do nothing for the podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

but Yep. The shop. The final,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

the final, like, piece of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

motivation was you saying, we'll name the podcast after you. You won't have to do anything, but we'll name it after you. Right? And I am a victim of my own ego. I'm I'm very open about that. So I was like, sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:15]

And I'm I'm pretty sure you even came up with a name. Right? I did. So I came up with the name. I designed the logo. Yeah. And now, we should explain the logo because everybody's like, why is your logo pink?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:26]

And it's it's a It's not. It's not. It's a variant or it's close to, I'd like to think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

some kind of lilac bush. Right? Lilac is is I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

probably needs a little bit more blue in it to be completely honest with you, John. Like, the color Right. We did you did take a picture.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:42]

I think you sent me the hex code for it, actually. Like, this is a color I always use for lilac. Yeah. But then you took a picture of an actual lilac on a lilac bush,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

and I sampled it, and we put up this test logo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

and it looked way too much like Viking's colors. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and we could probably address that somehow, but I like you can't have a lemon and a lilac side by side and not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:05]

at least conjure up that. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

you know Right. This is but I I like lilacs. I I I love lilac bushes. I don't have any at the moment, but I'm gonna work on that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:15]

And I And the whole world knows this because you wanted to paint your bedroom after you were first married

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

lilac, and you had very strong preferences about this. I I still do. We will probably use a shade of lilac if I ever get around to painting this bedroom. But so we started we started this podcast, I think we said like we were only gonna do thirty minutes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

Right. Maybe maybe we only said twenty minutes. Like, it was gonna be short. It's gonna be one I don't think I I think I was very adamant about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

it not having to have a set time because the last podcast, I had to split it in two halves that were twenty eight and twenty nine minutes long to the t because they ran on network with ads and stuff and actual radio stations. So I did not wanna deal with that. I wanted to be free like podcasting allows us to do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

You know, we have a rough target, I would say, which is, like, we'd like to be in that thirty to forty minute range.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

And most of the time, we probably hit it, but we do definitely get carried away. And when we do, we just don't care. You, dear listeners, suffer, but we don't care. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:14]

no. It's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

we've we've taken exactly one break

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

when the whole world took a break, so I don't even feel bad about it anymore. Yeah. And he didn't want a grumpy Stan and a grumpy John No. Podcasting during that time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:28]

The whole world was grumpy. We didn't need to add to it. But we've been back. We've been back for over a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

I think we've had some pretty good quality episodes. When we started this show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

one of the the, like, core tenants of the podcast was reviewing milkshakes, and this started completely by accident

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:46]

through a story that you told.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

And then Yep. I don't know, man. We must have we must have reviewed, what, like, 30 pot or milkshakes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

In that first year? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:57]

Yeah. It was a lot. Probably it was, like, 32 or something like that between the two of us. And, you know, I put on 15 pounds. We call that the the podcast 15, but it is what it is. That's why we don't do milkshake reviews every week anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:11]

I I don't you know, we just got I think that that kinda became our niche. It was we would pick something like a milkshake, which people quite frankly don't think too much about. Right? Like, you want a milkshake, you go to a restaurant or a fast food place and you order it. Yeah. You probably go through the McDonald's drive through. Yeah. And And you you may be dissatisfied

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

with your milkshake, but you don't know why. Right? And I feel like season one of Life with a Twisted Lemon was really about exploring,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:37]

like, what it means to be dissatisfied with a with a milkshake. Like, what and and, you know, milkshake is a metaphor for life. Right? So Yep. All the craftsmanship that makes things good can be summed up in a well prepared milkshake. Right? Because it's it's not just one thing that makes a milkshake great. It's the blending. It's the ingredients. It's the straw.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:56]

You know, it's the whipped cream on top. It's also the way that they bill it because they charge 50¢ extra for 70 calorie dollop of whipped cream that doesn't even taste good. Like, that's the only thing I remember about that milkshake, Shake Shack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:08]

Right? Right? So, you know Patrick's gonna be mad at you. Yeah. I'm I feel bad. I forgot I've I've The last episode, like, we weren't actually trying to attack Patrick Yeah. For his love of Shake Shack. Yeah. We just were talking truthfully about our experience. I forgot that that was so high on his list. I you know, one of the things I always wondered too is, like, did we just happen to run upon a poorly executed Shake Shack? Which is possible. Yeah. It definitely is. I still can't get past the fact that they charge 50¢ extra for a dollop of whipped cream, though. Like, you know, that that seems to be a uniform thing for Shake Shack. It's on shakeshack.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:45]

It's to power the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

tablets

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:50]

that we're allowing people to take orders. Which let's talk about disgusting too. Though all the ways Supporting a software engineer. It is. But, like, think about this. When you order your food, right, I'm touching a screen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

that, you know, a 100 other people touched Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

Before. And, you know, I mean, like, how many times you go to the bathroom and people don't wash their hands on the way out? Or they're picking their nose and they're up to the second knuckle, and then they open the door and then they touch on the screen. Like, it's so it's so disgusting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

I miss the old way where I would just tell somebody

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:17]

who wasn't paying attention to me what I wanted, they would mess up the order, and then it would come out wrong. Like, you know, that that's also part of the experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:28]

True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

Now I like, anytime I gotta touch something, I'm grossed out. Right? Like, if I I if I can get away with walking around with latex gloves and this is not a COVID thing either. Like, I've always been grossed out by humans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

Right? Especially the little humans. The little humans are the most disgusting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

I don't know if that's true. Well There's some That's fair. Pretty disgusting adult humans. Yeah. But but again, like, I just don't wanna touch things that other people have touched, period. Full stop. This is why I have an office that's just mine, and I don't let my kids come in and touch my desk. Right? Like, I did we just don't do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:01]

Or they can't touch my iPad. Right? Like, my iPad is a very intimate device. The last thing I want is their gooey nastiness on it. Good lord.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:09]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:11]

So I pulled up our Facebook page, which still has the original about statement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

Oh, boy. What does that say?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:18]

So it says, a podcast about technology,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:21]

finance, life, craftsmanship,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

theology, and a little bit of everything else with a twist of Stan Lemmon. I think we've to what we normally talk about on the phone here for your listening enjoyment. I think we've successfully managed to dodge the theology bullet, though, haven't we? Yeah. More or less. We've talked about like Ash Wednesday and stuff a couple times. Yeah. But That was more like a season one thing though. I I feel like we've like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:43]

in the lightning rods that we could have possibly discussed here, we have chosen for grilled cheese and macaroni and cheese over theology and politics.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:52]

So It's very good. You know, if you wanna hear me talk about politics, I'm happy to do it, but our listenership will just not be that strong anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:01]

Or we might get more listeners. You know? But see, I the last thing the world needs is another talking pundit. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

Just go log on Twitter Yeah. Or read read as much news as Stan does. Oh, come on, John. I don't read that much.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

Maybe I read a lot. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

I'm all over the place. You you'd be happier if you avoid the news like the plague Probably. Or COVID. Yeah. You can't you can't say that anymore. You can't can't say avoid it like the plague. Like, the the plague is unavoidable. It's here. It's everywhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:31]

It's We do our best to avoid it though. Gosh. So alright. That's interesting about it. What does it say now? Dare I ask?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:38]

That's what it says. Oh, general thing. Yeah. So we haven't moved to the core m's of life with Twist of Love. Right. But for the most part, that still holds true. Which is meat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

and Marvel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

Max? And Max. Yes. So the four. And recently, Mixology. Mixology.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:57]

Yes. Although, we should probably spend more time, I think, diving into what makes a good mixed drink. But those those m's kind of, I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:05]

they came out of nowhere. Like, this was not part of the plan. Right? So I I mentioned milkshakes. Right? Yep. As we look at our first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:13]

15 episodes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:15]

we see milkshakes in a lot of them. We have MacBook Pro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

We have meat rubs in episode 11 is when meat rubs first

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:23]

appeared in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:25]

This

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

am I missing AMs? Max. We only said Max. Marvel. Max. Yeah. And then we have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:32]

more about that. So Marvel episode five was Ant Man and the Wasp. That's right. Oh, man. So they've been around since the beginning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

But we didn't set out, like, with those core tenants. Right. They they evolved naturally. And and for those that aren't familiar with the meat rub story, basically, we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

I think we were discussing what makes a good hamburger. Right? Is that how no. That's not how it started. What was our first meat discussion?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

So What were we cooking? We were cooking some.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:59]

I don't remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

Well, to I will sort of love Well, let's go back and listen to episode 11. But but lo and behold, master barbecuer or barbecuist, which what do think is this? Barbecue or barbecuist?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

Pitmaster? Let's go with that. Let's go that sounds better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

Master pitmaster. No. That sounds bad too. Pitmaster

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:17]

extraordinaire,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:19]

the good, right, and salutary reverend Aaron Fanker out in sent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:23]

you a meat rub

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

in episode 11. What did I put it on? That's It had to have been steak then. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

Yeah. That's what it was. Steak or pork? No. It was steak. I think I did the reverse sear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:35]

Okay. Yeah. I don't remember where I got that steak. I didn't get any of that first time, but after we started promoting him on the podcast, then he sent me some too. Yep. We were also arguing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

about what he should name

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:49]

this meat rub business. He settled on the barbecue rev,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:53]

but we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

threw out meat rubbed and salutary. That was missus Lemon's idea. Yeah. I just wanted to do meat rubs by thank her, but that apparently made him feel very uncomfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:03]

I don't understand why.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:05]

But but I I do think, you know, being Thank you for listening to Life with a Twist of Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

I Starring

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:11]

Stan Lee. I I do think I do think the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:15]

Meat Rubbed in Salutary, the missus Lemon's claim to fame there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

is is at least

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:20]

I I don't know. It's very catchy. It's very clever. The question is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

would would people get the reference? Right? No. Yeah. To inside baseball. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

Right. If that's inside baseball, we had a whole other issue. But but I but I do think, like, there's just a lack of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

would you say it's biblical knowledge?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:39]

I don't know. How would you classify that? It's like Liturgical knowledge? Ecclesiastical knowledge. Ecclesiastical knowledge. Alright. There's a lack of whatever it is, and and that's especially in America. Right? Because we don't we we lack knowledge on all the things. Pick the topic we're lacking. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:56]

so we so we got in that and then the Marvel thing eventually got out of control, didn't it? I mean,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

So Marvel just had so much stuff coming out. There was all that hype for Endgame. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

So yeah. Well, and the Endgame episode,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

not really the best audio quality by any stretch, but was a ton of fun to do. I would put I would put the the episodes that Patty has guested on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

up in my top 10 easily.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

The other one I really enjoyed was with, Daniel Sanchez,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:28]

who commanded the microphone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

with an elegance and ease unrivaled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

And and Mark Mark Buto right now is getting really jealous because I haven't mentioned the episode that he was in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:38]

and I'm still not going to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

I love you, Mark. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

This is not a guest podcast, but we have had a few number a few guests. Right? Patty. And one of our podcast goals for this year was to have more guests on. And I think we've accomplished that. So we've we've had Patty this year. We had Mark. Yep. We had Daniel Sanchez. Daniel. Do we have the kids this year? Can't remember if they've made an appearance this year or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:02]

I don't remember. Yeah. Now all three of my kids have been on there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

I think that's it though. Right? That's just we just had the the six guests. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

I don't know who number seven will be, but we'll we should try and do that before the end of the year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:15]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

So send us what you wanna talk about and make it compelling and interesting. Thank you. Yeah. Actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:21]

you don't have to make it compelling or interesting because we'll do that for you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

Now This is gonna be another food controversy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

isn't it? Probably. I'd like that we definitely have set it off. You know, I mean, like, do you remember do you remember the nasty text messages I got about?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

Grilled cheese? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

It went on for weeks. I don't even remember. What was my position?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

Oh, the the whole the fundamental the fundamental thing was does it have to have to be physically on a grill.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

Right? That was just me and you. I think the fundamental thing was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:55]

the cheese.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

Does anything outshine the cheese?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

And then there were a bunch of people that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:03]

were very picky about how it was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

cooked. Well, there were some sourcing concerns. Right? Like, I I'm totally fine with Wonder Bread when it comes to grilled cheese. That was anathema to some people. But again, like, you're not making a a, like, gourmet sandwich. You're making a grilled cheese. Right? So But you could. Yeah. You could. But the point of a grilled cheese, right, is is the cheese and some bread with a lot of butter. You know? Like Right. If if you can taste the bread through the butter, you're probably not using enough butter. That's that's really what it comes down to, you know, if like And then people started throwing out using mayonnaise for a tangy flavor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:37]

or just oil.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

Yeah. And and those things are probably fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

Right? Where where I get worked up is once you start throwing, like, a protein that outweighs

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

the cheese,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

I think it becomes a melt. Right? So as an example, you can put bacon on a grilled cheese and it's still a grilled cheese. Right? But if you put cheese on a bacon sandwich, that's not a grilled cheese. That's a melt, or it's actually a bacon sandwich with cheese. Right? Like Right. I and and I I don't understand why this is so hard for people to grasp. Like, we've talked repeatedly on this podcast about the essence of a thing is that which defines it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

And so if you served a milkshake without milk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

would it still be a milkshake? Ergo, like, is a smoothie a milkshake? No. There's no milk. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:25]

Right. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:27]

I guess there could be, but it still wouldn't be a milkshake. Wait. If you put milk into a smoothie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

you you've got basically a like, I don't know. Does does ice cream make a milkshake? That would be the next question. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

Right. And I think if you go to Steak and Shake and you order a milkshake, you'll find that the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

ice cream they put in it is pretty lousy and has a really high water ratio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

Right? So it comes out all on ice crystals. And so then you're asking yourself, basically, this is a milk flavored

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

smoothie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

Steak and Shake, and is it any good? And the answer is no. It's not. Right? Like, it's it's not a great milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:04]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

So that was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

we actually released that on Pi Day twenty nineteen,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:12]

a philosophical debate regarding grilled cheese. That's so funny. We probably didn't even realize that we were doing it on Pi Day. If we had realized we were doing it on Pi Day We would have recorded before. We we could yeah. We but we would have discussed pie. Right? Which actually I don't think is a topic we've really covered here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

I don't think so. Yeah. I mean, gosh. Oh, man. There's so much controversy to be had there. You know, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

fruit pies, savory pies, potato pies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

Is a quiche a pie? Right? Is it the pie crust that makes it a pie, or is it some other combination of all the things? We could go on about that forever. Maybe maybe that should be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

how we spend the remainder of 2021

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

here is discussing pie. I don't are you Definitely in a run up to Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

Oh, I love Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

Have you have you decided if you're coming for Thanksgiving yet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

I haven't yet. I also haven't had a calendar invite that tells me that I am. So Oh, I can I can fix that right now on the podcast? The question would be, do we deep fry? Do we smoke? Do we bake? Or do we do all three? Right? And I think the question is only best answered

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:13]

with the number of people that we plan on having.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:16]

Well, you could get smaller turkeys. And then, like, if you're frying, then you probably want a smaller turkey anyway. Have you ever tried looking for a small turkey? It's so difficult.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

They, like, they just keep getting bigger and bigger. Right? And you, like, you look at the turkey in the in the deep freezer aisle, and you're, that had to have hurt. Right? Like, the wok shaped like that, that cannot possibly be comfortable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

I don't know, man. I really, what you need is, like, some all organic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

hippie turkey, right, which will probably taste delicious Right. But it'll cost three times as much,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:45]

you know. Who knows? That's that's such a difficult world we live in. But seriously Absolutely. We should make plans for Thanksgiving. We'll have a super spreader event here at my house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

and we'll deep fry a turkey and maybe smoke one too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

Alright, Stan. What's what was your high point, John? Of the of the High point? Yeah. The last 150 episodes. Like, what's the thing you look back on and you're like High point. I'm glad that I have wasted arguably a hundred and fifty plus hours

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

on this venture. So I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:15]

think, honestly, the most helpful

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:18]

was me going through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:21]

my house buying process,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:23]

and we talked about mortgage options, what to look for when buying a house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

things like that. But that was early on too. Yeah. That was the one time we threatened to make the podcast actually useful. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

We've done that quite a few times here and there. I think you just don't wanna talk about work things anymore and being productive, but I think we've covered most of that stuff here. Well, we could definitely talk about work and productivity again. Actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

we should talk in a couple weeks. I'm reading a book called Atomic Habits

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

that was recommended. I've heard about this. Have you? Okay. I had never heard of this. Yeah. My cardiologist of all people recommended it to me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:58]

Monday morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

So he was like he told me this book changed his life at the start of COVID. He started getting into it, and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

yeah. I I don't I don't know. I'm not familiar with it. But I think just based upon the premise of it, like, very similar to what we've talked about on New Year's episodes, right, about habit formation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

and how you do that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

So we'll see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

Nice. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:21]

So ironically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:24]

our most downloaded episode of all time, and to be fair, it was episode eight, so it's had longer time to gather downloads,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

is if you don't buy milkshakes with your money, save for a house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:35]

where we talked about mortgages. Yeah. That I wanted to have a I I mean, I think that's probably last advice too. And and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

It has only had 17 downloads in 2021. Oh, well, that's sad. But go download that episode. Well in both 2018 and 2019.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

So one of the things that we that came out of that episode actually was I I did bother to write one of the most popular articles on my blog

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:00]

about us paying off the mortgage. I don't I it was around that time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:04]

Right? Am I remembering that right? I don't know. So we had another episode where it was talking about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:10]

paying off your mortgage. Okay. Do you remember what year you did that or what month?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:15]

So the beauty of it is it's pinned to the top of my website, so I can always go and see it because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

because, you know, why not?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

So we paid it off. At least the the blog post was on 08/09/2019.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

you know what be an interesting and also equally alarming conversation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:40]

to have is what I've been doing with my mortgage payment

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

since I paid off my mortgage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

Well, I think we've talked about a lot of that, haven't we, Sam? Yeah. I don't I don't know where it was. Not sure that I've owned up to it the way that I that I want want to, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:56]

I mean, it's you know, one thing we have not really spent much time on, maybe we could we could cover this in a future episode here. This is basically I guess the rest of this episode is planning the next 150 episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

Right? Right. But Gotta make it to 300. I I do think we we've talked a little bit about how the economy has changed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

The way that we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

consume things has has definitely changed over the last eighteen months. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

But I I don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

we've had a, like, really in-depth conversation of what a budget looks like post COVID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

or even just, like, what what kinda things do you take away from this period of time and then project that back into your budget? I think actually, you would have some interesting insight having not had stable income as well. Right? Like, how do you think differently about,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

what you do for savings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

And I think one thing that's clear, at least from from what I've been able to read, people are saving more. I don't know what they're saving for, and I think that's that's like an interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

topic in and of itself, like the strategy of saving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

how you think about what you do with the money that you don't spend, you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

Yeah. Edit the list, Dan. Alright. What to do with money

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:05]

that you don't spend?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

We've talked about a lot of Apple stuff over

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:10]

over the years. We have. The problem is like Usually, have to buy something, don't I? You have to buy something, and there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:18]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

two major times a year where things change, and there's new content out. So, like, if you go back and listen to episode two of the 2018 MacBook Pro, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

none of that stuff matters anymore. No. They're not timeless episodes. There's no doubt about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:33]

I do think I do think we have an interesting perspective on, like, the WWDC announcement and the iPhone release, you know, occasionally we talk about other hardware.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

I'm still I'm passionate about this stuff. Right? Like, I Yep. I really You have been for a long time. Yeah. For a very long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

I and I I I think it's just fun to, like, nerd out. Again, this is kinda like the origin story of the podcast too. We were talking about a MacBook Pro, which oddly enough, I don't even have. You you still have that MacBook Pro, don't you? I do. Are you recording it right now? Recording on it right now. There you go. Yeah. And I've moved on to the m one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:07]

and I'm eyeing my next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:10]

MacBook in the m one x if it ever comes out. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:15]

think the next big thing will be our discussion around iPhones. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

Yep. Because you're gonna And I will hopefully be buying one. Yeah. And actually, here's here's a interesting tidbit. That will have been the first iPhone that you bought in the three years that we've been doing this podcast, won't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

Because you Will it? You bought your eight before we started this, didn't you? So yeah. So I bought the eight right

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

as the 10 was released

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

which I'll never do again at this point but Well, if only somebody told you it was a bad idea when you did it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

So what got me, and I don't know if I've talked about this before, but we were in the AT and T store.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:53]

We had to get a new phone from missus Kolmeier because hers was completely dead.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:58]

That's why we went into the store,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:01]

and I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

picked up both

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:05]

the eight and the 10, I think just the base model 10,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

and I couldn't figure out how to open it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

And that was a deal breaker for me. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:17]

now I've got the iPad Air and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:20]

like it all makes sense, but you know. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:24]

to level set here, the iPhone 10 came out November

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

2017.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

Okay. So I bought it right around 2017.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:35]

Yeah. And I did not move to Indianapolis until April

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

2018.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:40]

So your phone that you use is older than this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

which is alarming on so many fronts. So when you do finally get your new phone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

if it's ever released,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

we will discuss that at it's in stock. If it's in stock. Yeah. Well, the question is, will you will you do the thing that I do, which is get up at the crack of dawn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:59]

to secure your Hey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

Know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:02]

how this worked out for the Xbox and the PS five, which I never got. So probably not, Stan. Probably I might have you do it for me. Probably not. I don't know if I can do that for you. Maybe we should just If you get an unlocked one, can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

Well, usually On Apple Pay. I mean, I'm I'm gonna buy my own. Right? Like, I think there's a a quantity limit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:21]

Actually, I'm gonna buy mine and missus Lemon's. Like, I guess I could have Lucy order you one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

There's a that's a weird idea, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

Have Lucy order you an iPhone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:31]

13? Lucy needs as much responsibility

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:34]

as she can possibly handle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:36]

Thanks, John. What are you doing to me? What are you doing?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:40]

So but She didn't wanna drive my car, though. Oh, you know, she did ask about that after you left, like, hey, where are we gonna do that? And I was like, you know, that that was the thing we've got to do. We were gonna let Lucy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

try driving John's car. First, we'd have to see if you remember how to drive a stick, and then we would let Lucy try. I'm sure I would stall it out the first time, but I think I think I've figured So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

what's interesting about this it's 2013 now, so it's not really new, but it's newer for most stick shift cars that aren't sports cars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:08]

Like, there's this hydraulic clutch, so it kinda, like, pushes up to the friction point. So that makes it easier. It takes a little getting used to, but it's interesting. I've not driven a stick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

that's that has that. So I'm sure like I said, I'm sure I would stall it out the first time, but then I would probably figure it out. I feel like I could I could get the hang of it. So Yep. But yeah. Next time I visit, Stan. Yeah. We'll do it. It might be Thanksgiving. Right. To to deep fry and smoke a turkey. The question is, should we smoke the turkey and then deep fry it, or should we, like, do two separate turkeys? I wonder how that would work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:43]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:44]

You're thinking about that? Finger doesn't listen anymore, does he? I have no idea. But I If he listens, he should, weigh in on this and tell us what he thinks. Deep fried and smoked. I feel like that's gotta be a thing. Surely, that's a thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:57]

If it's not, we can make it one. We could. I don't know how it would turn out bad.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:01]

But well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

I don't know. The kicker is you've got to do it in a sequence such that you do not overcook either of them. I think if it were me, I would take the turkey and I would do that like low super smoke, $1.65 Right. For like Like we did with the wings. Yes. Like six to eight hours. The frying is gonna be the thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:18]

I guess if you keep a meat thermometer in it. We How else would you else would you do it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:23]

So generally, every time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:25]

my missus Kolmeyer's family has deep fried a turkey,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:30]

it's usually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:31]

based on time and weight and then they will take the meat thermometer and check it at a certain time. Well, yeah. I mean, I'm we would probably do something similarly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

Right? Like, we we know what the delta will be time wise. Like, there's math. We can figure out math.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

Right? Right. I will You can figure out math. Missus Komare can figure out math. The other thing is I would be for something like this, I'd be willing to sacrifice a meat probe because I'm I'm not sure how this would go being deep fried, like, if I'd be able to use the meat probe again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

But I would be willing to sacrifice a meat probe into that turkey for the entire extent of its cooking so that we could then, like, watch it go up. Like, we we had options, and I'm I'm willing to pursue this. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

It's a good idea, though. Alright. That'll be for episode a 159.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

I don't I don't know who it is. It's almost September, Stan. Yeah. Time's flying by, Is September when this comes out?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

Maybe. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:24]

No. Well, this no. Not yet. Yes. It will. It'll be September. Where's the year gone, John? Do you realize in September It will not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:32]

This episode releases on August 31,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:35]

which is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:36]

my and missus Colmire's anniversary. Aw. That's right. Well, for when I'd wish her a happy anniversary, but she hasn't listened since the first half of episode one. The first half of episode one. Happy anniversary, missus Kolmeyer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:49]

John, I'm not sure if we could end this episode any better than that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:53]

A salute a salute to a listener who made it through the first half of episode one. Happy anniversary. Pity for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

her husband.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

John. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:07]

Get a vaccine.

