---
title: Would Sidd Finch like Marvel Netflix Series (or milkshakes)?
episode: 15
date: 2018-10-25T11:59:12.000Z
slug: would-sidd-finch-like-marvel-netflix-series-or-milkshakes/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  John and Stan discuss their podcast "Life with a Twist 11", sharing updates on
  its performance and listener engagement. They also talk about their use of
  Basecamp for project management, the challenges of getting on Spotify, and
  provide a humorous review process for listeners to contribute to the show's
  growth. The conversation is lighthearted and entertaining, with a touch of
  self-deprecation.
keywords:
  - podcasting
  - Basecamp
  - Spotify
  - listener engagement
  - review process
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Promise, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

Milkshakes this week? Did you get one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:29]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

I did go for a bike ride today. That's good. Work off some of that backlog of milkshakes that I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:37]

that that I've ingested

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

since we started recording this podcast. Wait. Wait. Wait. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

just to be clear, I believe that I have eaten or drank

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

more milkshakes than you have by like a lot. Oh, most definitely. Yeah. Most definitely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

You're on like what? Two?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:54]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

Because it started with Arby's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:59]

then I've done the popcorn shop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:01]

I did,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:04]

five guys.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

Oh, that's right. That's only had three. I think you're only at three. There's no way I'm only at three. If you remember, this whole thing started because you for you for went no. That doesn't make sense. You you passed up on a milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:16]

for Froyo. That's how we that's how we wound up down this path.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:20]

Not my decision.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:23]

Alright. So But still, I have not been to the Hamburg Inn. Oh, I did do a Portillo's milkshake too because that started a whole thing. That's right. I because I had to go and get the Portillo's milkshake as a follow-up to that because you were disappointed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

I was disappointed, and then you were even more disappointed. I was. That actually so it was that milkshake that that stirred my interest to pursue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

the perfect milkshake. But listen, we we last week, we spent what? Twenty minutes talking about milkshakes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:50]

Too long. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:52]

I had a task force member. I'm on a task force with the LCMS. Actually, that might be done now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:59]

But they asked if I had any milkshakes while I was down in Saint Louis, and, unfortunately, I did not. Next time I'm down there, I gotta stop by Ted Drew's and see if they can make a good milkshake. I was gonna say, if I were in Saint Louis, that would be the place that I would go to see what they could whip up, and I'm I'm sure they would.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

Like, they this they have to have a milkshake. Right? The only thing I have ever gotten from there is the Fox Street Sunday because that's what my father-in-law, pastor Mark Buto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

told me to get the first time I was ever there. Yeah. He's very passionate about that. With I mean, with good reason.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

I feel like Delicious. Ted Drews is one of those places that you can't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

properly describe with words, but only can be experienced.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:39]

So check it out next time you're in Saint Louis, Missouri. Isn't there a similar place,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:43]

just outside of, like, the Milwaukee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

Mequon area?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:49]

So Milwaukee

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

has kind of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:52]

frozen custard war between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:54]

Kops and Leon's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

Kops,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

I think, is better. They've got, like, three

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

three or four locations. I can't even remember. And then Leon's, if you watch the opening to Happy Days,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

that diner

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

is basically based off of the Leon's custard stand right at the end of the opening sequence there. See, I went to one with a bunch of friends once. I don't remember what it was called though. I'll have to do some googling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:22]

But alright. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

we're already That's enough. Yeah. But I I Too much. Okay. Real quick and then then we'll be done. I did go I did go I did go to Dairy Queen and I had a milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

and it was awful. It was absolutely awful. And I won't even I won't even dignify it with any more words than do not get a milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:42]

at Dairy Queen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

Stick with the blizzards.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

Yeah. For real. Alright. So, another another podcast in Miracle happened this week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

and you post We got a review. We did. But did you catch it? Did you catch? A whole whole written review? But okay. But did you what was what was the most amazing part of this to you? Because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

well, yeah. What was the most amazing part? They gave us five stars? No. Everybody gave us five stars. We're up to like six reviews or whatever and they're all five stars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

One of them is me. Well, one of them is too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

I I might have used Sarah's device as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

There we go. But so Is that that was the most amazing part to you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:27]

I guess so. I was amazed that somebody actually took the time to write a review of our podcast. Alright. What was I supposed to be amazed by? The name. Did you catch the name?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:38]

Yes. I did catch the name. What was the name, John?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

Sid Finch. Sid Finch. Sid with two d's, Finch, f I n c h. Do you know anything about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

Sid Finch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

That's the big April fool's joke that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

Sports Illustrated did. Right? Right. In the exactly. Before I was born. Well before we were born. So but here's the thing. Do you remember do you know anything about the April fool's joke?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:13]

It was about a pitcher who could throw like 300 miles per hour or something And like do you do you remember what team

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

Sid Finch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:21]

was with?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

I do not. The New York Mets.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

The Mets? So here's the thing. I have no idea who Sid Finch is, but whoever he is, he is a glorious writer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

He put beautiful prose into our podcast review, and I I sincerely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

and wholeheartedly thank him for that. But I I keep wondering, who do we know who do we know, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:46]

that's old enough to remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:48]

what was it, 1984

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

or '85? 1985.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

It was old enough to remember 1985. Might have been looking at born,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

Stan. Yeah. I know. And and, John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

would would possibly know the legend of Sid Finch because they like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

the team

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:07]

that Sid Finch was an April fool's joke for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

That would be pastor George Borchardt. Do you think there's a chance in all of high heaven that that's him? I don't.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:16]

No. Because if you go back and read it, the sentences are too long. Not enough periods because he writes in, like, forward sentences,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

very staccato like. So so here's the for your vocab word of the day, staccato. I've been thinking about this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

all day. Alright? And it's either it is either George Borgardt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

messing with us by writing in long sentences,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

or or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

it is someone with really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

sharp knowledge of baseball lore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

that's trying to trick us into thinking that George Borgardt is listening to our podcast. Those are the only two options. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:53]

So it's not your buddy, Jeff?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

I I don't I mean

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:58]

well, I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:00]

don't think Like, how come he ever do that? He said that he reviewed us. I don't know if that just meant clicking it or if he actually wrote a review. My guess it would be stars. Although,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:10]

you you raise it for a point. You raise it for a point. I I will have to probe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:15]

the Sid Finch question. He a baseball fan? I don't know actually. I don't Does he pull practical jokes at work?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

I don't know. And I mean, not that I'm not in the meetings I'm in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:28]

K.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:30]

So you're saying that it's pastor Finker then?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

Does Finker use full sentences?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

I don't know. It depends on if he's channeling Borgard. Yeah. I like that. So again, like so this is the mystery. This is the podcast mystery of our little Fanker is a is a good writer though. I see. You wrote that hymn for Lucy's baptism. Yeah. I mean, he's he's got talent. I I won't I won't deny it. You know, when it comes to, like, words and rubs, thank her's your man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

Speaking of which Right. Didn't you you got a little meat rubs with thank her, didn't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

I did. I tried them out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:07]

Bought some rib eyes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:09]

He sent me, what, three three different rubs numbered on one, two, and three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:14]

Came in this unmarked envelope.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:17]

He needs to work on the packaging and marketing and everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

My my latest rubs envelope says RBR on it. Or wait. RBF. No. RBF. Sorry. RBF. Rubs by finger. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

Big difference.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

Yeah. So they were good. I thought that the third one was too salty. You said it's because I probably didn't mix it enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:39]

And I actually like the third one the best because she could actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:44]

define flavors that were in it or something like that. I like the first one the best because it tasted the best on the rib eye that I had.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

Second one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:55]

I got a lot of pepper, and that was about it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:59]

So how did you cook the rib eyes out of curiosity?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:03]

So I fried them up in a frying pan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:06]

Cast Do your reverse sear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:09]

Cast iron.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

K. I don't know that rib eye would actually be a good candidate for the reverse sear,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:17]

just because of the kind of cut it is. I I don't know. Maybe someone who's more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

skilled at grilling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:23]

can, can speak to that. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:26]

feel like the reverse sear is ideal for, like, more lean cuts of meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:32]

Interesting. Yeah. It's a suspicion. I'll have to test it some more. Alright. But in general, like, let let me just let me phrase it this way. If you walked into the supermarket

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:42]

and you walked past the McCormick seasonings and you saw rubs by Fanker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:48]

would you buy it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:51]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

I don't really pick up the McCormick seasoning either. I just kind of season with whatever

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

I have around. Usually, just salt cup or pepper. John. Not not that, like, premix stuff. It's the McCormick brand. Right? Oh my gosh. K.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

No. I would not in the grocery store. But if Finker started selling online, then I would be happy to support him and buy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

buy some meat rubs. So Finker didn't make the cut in the grocery store. Ouch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

Well Well, there's a couple things wrong with this picture. One, I hate going to the grocery store. Despise it with a passion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

Two,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:29]

I I just buy standard spices like your paprika,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:32]

garlic powder, salt, pepper,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

cayenne pepper. You don't think though, like, if you had tried

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:39]

this rub and you knew what it was that you wouldn't go to the grocery store and seek it out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:47]

Knowing me, probably not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:50]

Alright. Well, if I I think Fanker is one of our fearless listeners. I just want you to know Fanker that I'm here for you. I'd buy you by the pound.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

It's not not anything against Fanker. It's just I'm cheap, and I don't buy this kind of stuff. It's totally against faker. Why am I gonna start buying something that I don't buy normally?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:11]

Because it's I didn't buy my father in law's catechism book. Oh. Thankfully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:16]

he doesn't listen to this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

So I got I got more big news for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

Yeah. My, my schedule's freeing up a little bit. A little bit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:30]

After this week, I will have a little more breathing room just in terms of my commitments.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

And so What did you give up? I didn't give up anything. It's just like everything's kind of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:40]

front heavy. Right? So there's a whole bunch of front loading going on, and and I'm getting through that. And, because of that, I'm going to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

re up my Netflix in November.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:53]

Well, better do it soon because if you don't watch anything that you're supposed to watch, then who knows if they might cancel it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

Well, alright. And so that's this is a good segue to that because the reason that I will re up Netflix there are a couple reasons. One will be the latest season of Agents of Shield, which I have not seen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

Another will be Oh, that was cool. I like that one. It was much better than the previous one. Don't spoil it. Don't spoil it. But I I'm usually on top of it. I've actually, in the past, just straight up bought the season on iTunes, but we've been so busy that I've completely missed it because I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:24]

I don't know. We were, like, trying to sell a house and stuff. But then Luke Cage as well. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

Luke Cage season two. Yeah. And then Iron Fist season two. Apparently, missed that as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

Yep. And then You never watched Justice of the Goodrone season two, did you? Yeah. No. No. I I did see that. I did see that. I thought it was better than season one. I'm still I'm just not a fan of that portrayal of the character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:46]

But then Yeah. The the most important

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

came out, what, seven days ago?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

Last Friday, I think. So Oh, yeah. When those airs, it will be seven days. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:59]

and that was Daredevil season three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:01]

Who should be dead.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

Yeah. I mean,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:04]

you haven't have you watched it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

I have watched the first two episodes. Don't don't give it away. Don't give it away. But, yeah, he should be dead. I was tempted to actually go back and rewatch season two just so I was up to speed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

And I guess I I need to watch the It would be the defenders. The defenders is where he dies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

So so but there's context in in season two, isn't there? I would I would hope there is, at least. Yeah. I mean, because it all leads into the defenders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

So you sent me a link on from NBC News, which who who reads nbc news dot com? But talking about Netflix canceling both Luke Cage and Iron Fist. It wasn't clear to me if this was, like, definitive or not just by the way that this was phrased. But supposedly So Netflix isn't gonna do this anymore. Is that right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

Yeah. Apparently, they announced this on Friday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:59]

I wonder why. They like Why, John? They like buried it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

I don't know. There's gotta be another thing. I just searched it because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

Anna actually saw it on an Instagram story or something like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

So I had to search it to find something that was reliable and would confirm us, I ended up at NBC News for some reason. So Did you you make it through Luke Cage season two?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I did. Okay. And do have you watched Iron Fist season two?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

I have. Okay. So let's rewind a little bit. Did you like Luke Cage season one?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

I could take it or leave it. Okay. I didn't like it. Like, you liked it. Well, alright. We should we should dig into that. But Iron Fist season one, did you like that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:49]

After I got over the fact that Danny Rand was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:53]

a whiny white boy. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:56]

Alright. So Luke Cage,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

I think the thing I appreciated about it was it was just very different cinematically.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:04]

The the story had I mean, every and I think the article you sent me actually points this out. Like, every Netflix miniseries from from Marvel has two distinct story arcs. And the the thing with Luke Cage is it was so distinct. I think it was almost it was almost too far in terms of, like, where the line dropped.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:24]

I like the Luke Cage character. I like it a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

And I enjoyed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

the the, like, stylistic side of Luke Cage. From a pure pure story standpoint,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:34]

it was pretty weak. Pretty weak all around. And I felt like it lacked

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

the the necessary tie ins to the rest of the universe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

Fair critique.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:46]

Now Iron Fist,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

I agree with you that the casting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:52]

was subpar at best.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

I also think the first two episodes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

are some of the most difficult TV I've ever watched.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:01]

Oh, yeah. It took me how many it took me like a month to get through the first episode. I think I tried three times. Yeah. I I tried three times too. Exactly. In fact, the first time I fell asleep,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:10]

The second time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:12]

I I I was so bored. I started reading a book I didn't even realize what I was doing. And the third time, I stuck it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:18]

The second episode, think I watched twice. And I think at this point, I was it was, like, wintertime,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

and I was on my bicycle bicycle indoors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:28]

And and yeah. I I don't know, man. Like, it was it was rough. But I think the rest of the story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:33]

worked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

but you had to pay attention. There was a lot of details

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

that interwove through that, and I think that's what what actually drew me to it. So I'm curious, how does Iron Fist season two and Luke Cage season two, without giving spoilers because I haven't seen them yet, we can do spoilers in November.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

How how do they how do they mesh up?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:54]

So Luke Cage season two, I think I liked a little more than the first season just because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

you don't have all of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

initial character building that kinda drags things on, and there is a really good villain. That's all I'll say.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

Iron Fist season two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:21]

It was interesting. I made it through it really quickly. I'd probably put it a little under season one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

Again, lots of whiny actors,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:31]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

there's that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

In terms of, like, how they've fed into the rest of the universe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:41]

what was your feel? Right. They can't make up their mind on if they are actually part of the cinematic universe or not. Like, sometimes they pretend that they do. Sometimes they're, like, completely different things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

So overall, I think they have moved away from being part of the whole

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:59]

greater Marvel collection of things and just kinda stand alone. They basically tried to recreate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:07]

phase one

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

with these

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

kinda I'll call them minor superheroes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

minor characters,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

and tried to bring them together with the defenders.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

That failed. I think I watched defenders season one or the first episode of defenders three times as well before I made it all the way through. See, I actually I actually really like the defenders.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:28]

You might be the only one, Stan, because there's no season two there. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:33]

Well, I think so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:36]

here's the thing. Right? Like, I felt like, Jessica Jones had a better

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

I don't know. Just just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

that character was done better there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:45]

I really enjoyed the dynamic between Luke Cage and Danny Rand. Like, I really enjoyed that dynamic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

And and and I just generally like Daredevil too. So, you know Right. Tying in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

the other characters too, I just felt like it was it was nice. But when I was asking about how everything wove together, I was actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

less talking about the MCU

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:08]

and more just, like, the storylines themselves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

because, again, I felt like Luke Cage has always been just a little too removed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:15]

Jessica Jones Right. I think has struggled to fold back in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:19]

It it is interesting your point, with MCU because there was an an initial Daredevil. Right? They made reference to the incident, which is clearly Right. From the Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

But they they never really like ran with it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

But how like Yeah. These these season two So do they join them?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:38]

Yeah. There's more reference to the other ones, especially coming out of defenders.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:44]

So, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

Danny Rand actually makes an appearance in an episode of Luke Cage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:51]

And, yeah, there's a bunch of reference back and forth, so it's like Defenders actually happened. Okay. So that's good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

It's interesting with what they cut. They didn't cut Jessica Jones, which must mean that that's been doing better viewership wise. I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:06]

really like Jessica Jones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:08]

I loved the first season. Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

Interesting. What what was compelling to you about it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:16]

So what really drew me in to the first season was David Tennant as a villain who was creepy and awesome. Yeah. He was he was pretty creepy. There's no doubt about that. And like that that holds true for all Marvel things. Like Marvel movies are only as good as their villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

We talked about this when we talked about Ant Man and the Wasp. Yep. Yeah. That because that's that's where it fell apart. Right? There was a lack of a clear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

strong villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

So that's fair. I'll give you that with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

with Jessica Jones. I think the thing that that bothers me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

with that particular season was just the amount of gore. I remember there was one scene

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Right. Near the end of the season that I had to like I had to look the other way and I I feel like I have I'm pretty I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

pretty resilient to that kind of thing, but that just went a little too far for me. And I and I get, I know, you know, Daredevil

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

was was pretty brutal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:09]

You know, Luke You're the one who you're the one who suggested Sons of Anarchy to me when I watched through that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

Yeah. Well, last season of that crossed some lines that I'll never come back in. Holy Moses.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:21]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

So, interestingly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:23]

the Punisher has not folded into the defenders.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

I'm curious to see if he makes So kind of appearance in Daredevil three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

In

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:34]

there's reference to him from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

Ellen Page.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:40]

Was that in defenders?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

That might be. Or was that daredevil season two? I think that might be I think that might be the defenders that the reference has made.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:49]

So she definitely knows him, and that's where the crossover has kind of been.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

I wish that they would so I hope that they first of all, they've gotta do a season two because out of all of the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:01]

Netflix Marvel shows thus far, Punisher,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:04]

hands down my favorite. I I really love We binge watched that. Yeah. I really oh, we did that together, didn't we? Yes. We did using my Netflix account because you were too cheap to buy to resubscribe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

It was just that one season for the three nights or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

So Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:20]

but Daredevil season two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

which, you know, introduced him, I thought was really strong for that reason. And if you remember, there were there were two arcs in that that movie and I or that show, whatever. I think the arc with the Punisher was the stronger of the two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

But yeah. No. I mean, I hope they bring it back. I'd love to see I would actually love to see the Defenders and the Punisher all in the same

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:45]

miniseries. It's obviously not gonna happen, I but think that'd be pretty cool Right. To to see. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

I don't know. I'm bummed. So I I I really would love for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

these shows to continue. I think, you know, the the article and I guess we should probably link to it in the notes or whatever. But I think the Right. Article that you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

shared with made some good points about the the two arcs being a problem. Maybe the miniseries are too long.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

I think I think there's also something to be said for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:14]

they've they've chosen a gorier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

more violent,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

cinematic style.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

Right? It's like the Kill Bill version of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

Right. And that's I mean, that's okay. Right? Like, there's there's a there's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:28]

subset of people that like that kind of thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

I I would But you aren't gonna show it to your kids. No. Never. That's there's not a chance in high heaven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

But I I would and this is where I'm going at. I would prefer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

to have something more in line with the MCU, more in line with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:44]

you know, pure Disney's take on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:46]

on Marvel. I just I think that's that's worked out well. I think it's they've made managed to create good content without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

being, you know, inappropriate for me to show my kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

And I I enjoy that my kids get stoked about, you know, Marvel. We actually just finished Ultron

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

this past weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

Nice. Yeah. So I have left Guardians so nerdy. They are. They're super nerdy. I've left Guardians out of the mix just because I can only imagine the things they'd say on the playground.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

But, you know, otherwise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

and and Iron Man because I I don't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

I don't really want them you know, Henry in particular,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

having that, like, attitude towards women that is so typified, especially in Iron Man one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

Alright. But yeah. Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

man, we we talked about Marvel quite a bit there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

wanna know what's happening on the house front.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:39]

house, last week,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

we put in an offer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

a house that Anna really likes. I could take her leave, but, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:51]

you realize that's gonna be recorded. Like, that's gonna be frozen in time now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:55]

It will always be the house that Anna likes, and John could leave it or take it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:00]

In in five years, that would probably switch completely or something like that. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:05]

So, yeah, they countered. We countered back. They accepted that counter,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:11]

and then the ball went rolling while I was in Saint Louis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:16]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

Alright. You've signed inspection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

You've signed your name a thousand times. The inspections are when? Inspection

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

walk through is tomorrow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:26]

Okay. Afternoon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:28]

Radon test came back good,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:32]

just keep on inching forward.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

I did sign my name a thousand times on mortgage paperwork

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

and disclosures and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:42]

So that's all falling into place too. So what what's been the strangest part of this process to you? Oh, since from the time you made the first offer until this moment now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

The strangest part? Yeah. Like the most surprisingly, what caught you off guard? What was different than what you expected?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:00]

the way I live life is I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:03]

read everything that I possibly can and try to consume as much information as possible.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

So really the most thing that caught me off guard most was, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:16]

the prepaid costs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:18]

and paying a full year's worth of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

taxes is what I really wasn't expecting financially when I looked into this. I don't think that you mentioned this during our financial episode. I probably took it for granted just because it it gets folded into the those closing costs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

Yeah. And some of the best crow and everything. Yeah. Well, so it's a it's a hard number to, like, figure out, which I think is part of what you you determine. Right? You Right. Are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

and I think the advice I gave you is just count for a full year's worth of taxes, a full year's worth of insurance that you needed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:52]

And you it's gonna wind up being less taxes. That's just how it works. But it is so hard to figure out exactly where that line's drawn.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:59]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

and, you know, the insurance is gonna start from the time you start it. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

you know, it is what it is. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

Right. Yeah. It's a good it's a good thing maybe to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

call out if we ever do mortgages round two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:17]

Yeah. Maybe when you refinance. So what else?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:20]

So next thing I've been trying to figure out is, like, alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:24]

Now I have to pack up an apartment that I've lived in for five years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:28]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:31]

I actually looked into how much it would cost me to move locally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:35]

and that's actually not that expensive, so I might do it. Yeah. So Just get people to move me. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

think that is the wisest thing that you can do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

So when we moved into our townhome, first one that we bought,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:50]

we loaded up a U Haul all by ourselves,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

and we unloaded it all by ourselves.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

And I still thank the Lord every day that we're still married

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

after that experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:04]

because it was rough and it was exhausting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

So I don't You didn't have an army full of college students to help you No. Hold up the U Haul? Dude, we were in we were in Pennsylvania. Was our first year there. We hadn't even planned on staying. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:16]

the fact that we were buying a house was was like a little shocking, and we I didn't know who to ask. You know? So we we did it totally solo, and there was a there was a slight helpless feeling to it. I also

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

was probably making less money than you are right now, and so there was there was, like, a financial desperation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

aspect to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

know, I I at that moment, though, when all was said and done, I I told myself I and I told Sarah,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:44]

I will never allow us to do that again. I will always pay somebody.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

so, you know, three houses later, that's what held true and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:55]

never regretted it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

So You've never moved locally really, have you? Yeah. I did. When we moved from the townhome up to Saxonburg,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:02]

that was thirty minute drive local. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

Technically Yeah. So I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

Technically This house is half a mile away from where I live currently. Oh, yeah. There's and you yeah. You'd be a fool not to pay someone to just do it. Because think about it too, like, you you're it's just you're gonna be bumping stuff and these people know how to do it. You got all the blankets that they're gonna have, which you would have to buy, and it's just not it's not worth it to to do it yourself. You should totally just do this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

Yep. So I'm with you, Stan. You wanna start a GoFundMe? We can augment your moving costs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:37]

I've I thought that you're just gonna give me, like, this housewarming gift in the form of cash and everything's gonna be right with the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

I see what you did there. I see what you did there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

Alright. Look John up on the GoFundMe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:50]

website.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:53]

Alright. Well, that's exciting, man. I'm happy for you. Congrats. That's a that's a big step. See,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:59]

the other weird thing about me is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:02]

I absolutely hate spending money. So, like, I should be excited about buying a house, but all I was just thinking is, wow. This is costing me a lot of money. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:11]

I was the same way when I bought my first car. Like, everybody

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

gets excited when they buy their first car. I'm like, oh, I just dropped a bunch of money. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

Yeah. You you know what? It's gonna be it'll be a couple of months before you don't think, what did I do? Why did I spend all that money?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

But it's alright. Eventually eventually, it won't be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

it won't be like that. Imagine it comes when I'm sitting out on the deck smoking a pipe waiting for my next meat rubs by finger covered steaks to come off the grill. You got it. That's exactly

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

right. I haven't grilled in five years, at least at my own place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

And I haven't been able to smoke my pipe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

like, without driving somewhere. It's interesting. The whole reason

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

you've bought a house is the light stuff on fire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:01]

Light stuff on fire. There's a nice room for a fire pit too in the backyard. This this all makes sense. All makes sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:09]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:10]

So, one last quick thing. I got a book for you to read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

Alright? I'm still reading the last book you got. Oh, John, you gotta hurry up. I read this one this weekend. It's a quick read.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

But k. Seriously. So go to library, whatever. It's called Creative Selection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:23]

Alright?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

Creative Selection. Yeah. Pull it up on Amazon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

and this is this is probably one of the best books from a technology standpoint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:32]

that in, like, design and business, just how software engineering works that I've read in a long time. And I'm recommending this to you because you have, in the past, recommended all these different, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

I don't know, entrepreneurial type books. And and this one kinda fits in that niche, and it's the only thing I can offer back to you in good conscience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

So it's The paperback is cheaper than the Kindle edition. Yeah. That's that's a cruel world we live in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:59]

Why don't you just get it from the library?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:01]

I probably will. There you go. So here here's Just pulled it up on Amazon. Here's the skinny. Actually, found another book today too. You you go first. Alright. Here here's the skinny. This is done it was written by a software engineer at Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:13]

who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

started on the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:16]

Safari project

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:18]

and then basically helped build the the keyboard on the iPhone and the iPad and the autocorrect system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

he gives kind of some insight into that. And one of the things that really resonated with me was the emphasis on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:32]

demos in software development

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

and using demos to drive the the, like, just really the full gamut of the development life cycle. I thought it was a really interesting perspective.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

It made me a a wee bit jealous,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

if I'm being completely candid,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

just because it it just sounds so picturesque. Now granted, he said he left because things changed. So he's not with Apple anymore, but he was there for, you know, a decade and a half. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:56]

it's just really great book. I think it it really emphasizes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

you know, following intuition at the right time. It makes this decision between heuristics and algorithms,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

when you use which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

and and just the intuitiveness of of of developing software for users

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

in a way that,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

know, really bridges that, like, liberal arts technology gap that Apple's always talking about. So Alright. I'd say you should totally read it, and you should probably get your boss to read it too because it seems like the kind of book that he might be into.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:27]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:29]

So what'd you read? So the book that I found today, I haven't read it yet, but it looks interesting and it will make it on my list, is It Doesn't Have to Be Crazy at Work

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:39]

by your favorite authors, the guys at Base Camp. Oh, jeez. Okay. Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:45]

this their their newest one?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

Yeah. This one just came out at the beginning of the month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

I I remember I think reading

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

like an email

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:55]

list or a blog article or something about this coming out. My guess is that this dovetails into like the the different ways that they've modeled their office and some of that stuff probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:07]

Yep. Okay. So they got that and it's all about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:12]

stop being crazy working long hours and making it really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:16]

really easy to stay at work rather than making it a place to actually be productive

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:22]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:23]

create less waste. It's interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

They

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

kinda they've like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

they're a one trick pony. Right? And they've figured out a way to market that that one trick pony

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

in multiple different ways because that's really not any different from the last book or the book before that. From rework? Yeah. And that's Yeah. That's fine. That's fine. Like, I'm not trying to knock what they're doing. I think they've got a a very interesting perspective

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

on business, which I would boil down. This is the, like, tweet tweet length version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

They aren't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:55]

really interested in growth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

and they're okay with that. And it's it's just so,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

like, counterculture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

to the the world that we live in. Right? They've they've grown to a certain amount, and they're not they're not interested in the next 10% or anything like that, or, you know, continuing to hire out head count and and and infinitely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

All those things that are are typical of of, like, growth oriented companies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:20]

It's just and it's different. It's very different. I don't know I don't have a strong opinion, like, bad, or or otherwise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

I mean, maybe if we talked long enough, I would. But I it's it's just it's so different. And I'm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

you know, I I think that their advice is is probably great. I just isn't really like, I can't use that at my job. You know what I mean?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:39]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

So are you gonna get it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:43]

I'll probably read it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:46]

The nice thing about these is they're usually short. Do they have a page count?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:50]

Yeah. So this is 240

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:52]

pages in hardcover edition.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

See, so creative selection was about that amount, but there were pictures, like drawings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:59]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

Nice. Really cool pictures too. I I don't know who did the artwork, but it I I was I was thinking that it was pretty cool.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:09]

Have you ever used Basecamp?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:11]

Oh, yeah. But it was a long time ago, man. Long time ago.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:15]

It probably hasn't improved since you used it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:18]

Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:19]

I can't stand it. Really?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:22]

It doesn't make any sense to me, like, how things are laid out. Do you have like, do you guys use that today?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:29]

We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:30]

don't. We work with some clients who do, so we're added to their Basecamp instances.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:35]

Okay. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:37]

We we use Teamwork projects for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:41]

our project management software.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:43]

The the one thing I'll say is those people that use Basecamp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

are devoutly religious about it. And so Yeah. You know, love it, hate it, whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

What those fellows have done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:56]

over there at, you know, thirty seven Signals Now Base Camp

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:00]

is is they've they've created a a very passionate customer base.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:05]

And you can't can't knock that. Right? Because that's Right. That's that's like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:09]

the definition of a successful product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:11]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:13]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:14]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:15]

Alright, John. I think there's popcorn waiting for me and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:19]

I'm gonna go to bed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:22]

Alright. Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:23]

Have a good night. Hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:25]

We're at thirty seven minutes, Stan. I know but we better be important. We can't forget.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:29]

If if you are Sid Finch's friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:32]

brother,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:33]

or significant other, we want you to leave a review

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

on iTunes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:39]

for Life with a Twist 11. But here's the deal. Sandy Finch. Yeah. Sandy Finch. Whatever. I you know, who cares? Right? But but here's the deal. If you leave a review, it must be five stars. If you don't wanna leave a five star review, we'd ask you to just, you know, kindly go and post it on Reddit and on an infinite time scale, we'll get back to you. But but please consider reviewing our podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

Also, follow us on Twitter. We we're on Twitter. Right, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

We're on Twitter. We're on Twitter and Facebook,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:07]

not Instagram,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:08]

not Reddit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:10]

Shh. Don't tell them about Reddit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

With you I mean, they can, like, talk about us on Reddit. Yeah. I just I I don't I don't know enough about Reddit, so I don't even know what I'm saying. But we just need a place for the four star reviews to go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:25]

Are we in Spotify yet? Have you solved that problem?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:28]

No. I think Spotify just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:30]

doesn't like people. I was actually trying to help a client get on Spotify too,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:35]

and they just like, hey, you can submit your stuff, and then we just won't do anything with it if we don't like it. We don't have to Mike Rowe is on Spotify,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:44]

but Stan Loman is not. Well, or or John Colmire. But we don't have to pay him money, do Or John Colmire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:49]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

You sure? Maybe maybe if they accept money, maybe that will get us up faster. I mean, you know, listen, I I'm I'm vying for listener number eight now. Right? We've got let's let's go through them. We got your sister. We got Fanker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

We got your folks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

We got Sid Finch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:07]

That's five. Oh, we got Jeff L. Rod.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

Maybe we only have six listeners, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

Random task force listener. Yeah. There you go. Seven. So we're good. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

Until next time when, listener eight tunes in. We'll talk to you later, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:23]

We'll see you. Bye.
