---
title: Pixar Movies Ranked
episode: 117
date: "2021-01-14T14:07:07.000Z"
slug: pixar-movies-ranked/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around a list of top Pixar movies, with the listener
  sharing their rankings from 1 to 10. They discuss the reasoning behind each
  ranking, including factors like nostalgia, originality, and emotional
  resonance. The discussion also touches on other Pixar movies that didn't make
  the listener's top 10.
keywords:
  - Toy Story
  - Up
  - Ratatouille
  - Finding Nemo
  - Soul
  - Pixar movies
  - rankings
  - nostalgia
  - originality
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, I think it's back to normal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:27]

It's back to normal? What is back to normal?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

Life with a twist of lemon. We're gonna get back to our rambling about a whole smattering of different topics. We've got no guests. It's gonna be we're gonna try for thirty minutes. No. It's just gonna be a normal episode. Speaking of guests, we had my father-in-law, Mark Buteau, on last week, and our downloads weren't great. So from now on, we need to find guests who same shamelessly self promote themselves,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

which How how does

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

Mark's downloads compared to the Patrick episode?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:57]

Oh, significantly less. The Patrick episode was one of our highest recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

Oh, okay. So do you think that was Patrick or Marvel or both?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

Good question. Hard to say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

So we'll have to we'll have to do another episode on Marvel, see how that fares, and we'll have to do another episode with Patrick on something that's not Marvel related compare.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

There you go. The sweet spot's probably a three in my opinion, but us,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:22]

Marvel, and Patrick.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:25]

I could see that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

The question is, could your father-in-law

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:28]

bring down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:30]

Patrick's Marvel numbers?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:33]

I don't think so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:34]

Okay. You know, he's gonna be so offended, so hurt. Like, he's he's gonna when he hears us, he's just gonna

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

yeah. He is by far the most excited person to ever do the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:44]

Yep. Well, I don't know. Have you been more excited? Got him beat. I think Lucy's got him beat. Yeah. Maybe Henry too. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

yeah. And I, you know, I thought it was a good episode with Mark. His his microphone was terrible. I don't know what happened there. But He, was capturing sound from the entire room instead of just being directed at him talking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:04]

Yeah. What a rookie move.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

But He blames me because I didn't tell him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

Well, I all I know is I sent I sent you both a text message that said, figure out the recording,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

like, the the audio quality before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

we started.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

Yep. And I just I trusted that you had control of it, John. Oh, you should have heard some of the first recordings we sent over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

Oh my gosh. Too much gain, too little gain, that kind of thing. Echo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:31]

Something running in the background. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

Some some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

that might have been better. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

how's your how's your new year going, John? It is the twelfth. We're recording the January 12. This will come out on the fourteenth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:45]

We're we're gonna be roughly at the midway point of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

the first month of the new year. Crazy. How you doing? You know, ever since I deactivated

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:55]

the social media yet again to prevent myself from doom scrolling,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:59]

life has been pretty great. Actually, the year Oh, nice. The year overall has been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:04]

pretty good on a personal level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:07]

I see you're using the term doom scrolling now. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Okay. Because when I used that, you had no idea what it was. We're trying to reach out to Gen z listeners.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

Oh, is that does that come after millennials or before? After.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

Okay. So there's, like, two waves of millennials. You're in the first. I'm in the first. Anna's in the second. But then Emily, Anna's younger sister is Gen z.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

I can't keep up with all y'all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:35]

you you've off social media. Was that a New Year's thing, or did you do that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:39]

That was a that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:41]

was a the country is burning down

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

result.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:46]

Did you did you wait to see did you wait to see if we, like, recaptured

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

the capital I did. From the instructions? Okay. Alright. So you you at least know that the capital is exist. Scrolling a lot for the next

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

two or three days, and I'm like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

this is not good for anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:05]

So it yeah. It's not. It really isn't. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

in in the moment, in the heat of everything that was taking place, I reinstalled Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

this morning, woke up, and I I my phone still isn't next to my bed. So I've I've been doing good on that front, but I walked over to it, and I was like, I wanna open Twitter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:24]

No. No. I don't. No. And so so I deleted it. I deleted it again, this morning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:31]

There you go. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

you know, I I tell you what, man. I think, like, the it's the crises

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:38]

this year and last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

They they draw you into social media, to news.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

And I think the the problem is you get immersed and you'd like you wanna know more, especially when things are, like, actively ongoing. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

This made me think about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:54]

I believe it was 1992,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:57]

maybe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:58]

when OJ no. Simpson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:01]

I was seven seven. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

Oh, I just told everybody how how old I am. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

I think it was '92

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

when OJ Simpson

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

fled.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Maybe I misremember. Maybe it's maybe it's later.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:18]

But the point the point is, where I'm where I'm going with this, is when he,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

you know, participated in the in the car chase in the Bronco.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Right? Yeah. I don't I'm sure you've seen Yeah. Pictures,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

videos. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:34]

when that happened because it happened on my birthday, believe it or not. It was it was looks like it was in 9495.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

Anyhow. Okay. But the the Bronco chase happened on my birthday,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:45]

and we put the TV on, and we were glued to it. And we we couldn't,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:50]

like, turn it off even to go to the Sizzler for dinner. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

I I was reflecting on that as the capital was being stormed because there's there's something about these moments,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

that just break all of our personal restraint against getting immersed in these things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

And I don't I don't know my my conclusion from I guess it was last week now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

It feels like such a long year. Is that you can't escape it. Right? You need to you need to figure out how to get out of it, though. Right. That's that's kinda where my mind's been at. So I've thinking been a lot about that. I don't I don't have an answer yet, but I'm I'm noodling on it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:28]

Yeah. And there's definitely something to be said about attacks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:34]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

United

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:35]

States symbols

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:38]

Yeah. Like nine eleven or storming the capital or,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

like, if there was a bomb threat to a state capital building or something like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:48]

Yeah. It's it's, it's jarring. Right? And and I think a really, really deep way that it it's, it's not it's not easy to put into words. You you mentioned nine eleven, and and I I don't know. Were you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

were you in junior high or were you in elementary school? Seventh grader.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

I I vividly remember being glued to the TV as I went from room to room, class to class in high school. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

And that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:13]

that also probably maybe that's the second experience that I recall just, like, being immersed in event that was ongoing Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

And not knowing, you know, just not knowing, like, what was going on and when to pull away. So for 09:11,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:27]

I think the TVs were on in every classroom all day. We couldn't go out for recess,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:33]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:34]

our pastor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:35]

was actually in the Pentagon when it got hit

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:38]

because he's Oh, wow. He was in Chaplin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

So Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:42]

So we were like, okay. Has anybody heard anything from him? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

you know, the these are formative events

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:53]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

on on those that live you know, experience them, right, in the world. Obviously, the ones that are, like, there, it's definitely formative. But I I just think about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

our generation was defined by 09/11.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

My kid's generation is is probably gonna be defined by COVID,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

and this will be another chapter in in the story of 2020, 2021. Right? It's like bled over.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:17]

anyhow, I I I didn't even mean to talk about any of this today. I just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

It's good to reflect sometimes, Stan. Wait. It is. You know? And I I don't know. I think if But don't reflect by doomscrolling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:30]

Don't don't reflect by Stay off Twitter for, like, the next month because it's awful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

It is. And, you know, you can self select your way into maybe a cleaner Twitter, but you can't completely hide from it. And I I think I do think there's value in being somewhat aware of the news. I think that the challenge

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

is to just control your intake. Otherwise, you're gonna be overwhelmed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:51]

Like I was when the capital was being stormed. Like like, I mean, you were actually talking politics with me I know. In a text message, which that's how I know I was following the current news,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:00]

like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

My you know, I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

I put on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:06]

actual TV news to see what's going It's on crazy. Which yeah. My kids don't even know, like, what's what's going on? What is this, you know, what's happening?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:15]

Anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:17]

on that note, let's move on to escapism.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:19]

I've been watching adventure movies because I'm kinda sick of being in my house and I wanna go somewhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

Okay. Tell me more. Like, what adventure movies are you watching? So, I mean, they they aren't technically adventure movies, but I watch Chef by Jon Favreau.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

Which I know nothing about, but both of you and Patrick have said are worth basically, you both said it's worth getting the subscription to Netflix for.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:45]

I guess. I mean, you can watch other stuff on Netflix while you're there. I think the most recent agents of shield is there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:52]

But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:53]

yeah, it's basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:56]

he is the director and main character,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

and he is a good chef working in a restaurant. Some review takes him down. They get into a Twitter argument,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:07]

and,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:08]

basically, he ends up creating a food truck and travel traveling cross country with his son. So it's a pretty good story there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:16]

And then the other movie that I watched was Into the Wild, which is based on a book,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:23]

which is based on a true story.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:26]

That's basically this guy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

graduates from Emory

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

and completely disappears to go live out in the wild in Alaska.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:36]

Have you read the book? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

Okay. I'm pretty sure missus Lemon has. I don't know that I've seen the movie. Is that that's on Netflix right now too? That's on Netflix as well. Okay. Well, thankfully, missus Lemon doesn't listen to the podcast, so I don't have to worry about her asking for a Netflix subscription. But I was texting with her when you guys were watching the Steelers, and she said that I was your only friend because I'm the only one who didn't mention the Steelers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:01]

Well, it it wasn't even that. You you waited a long time to even respond to a group text message every year. You didn't text me directly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:10]

I I don't know what I don't know what it is, but, like, I got all these messages as the Steelers are playing the worst game. This is just the first round of playoffs Yeah. Too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:19]

So it's like not it's not like they're trying to get into the Super Bowl or not at this point. So No. But but it's an elimination game. Right? And so, like, you either go home or you go to the next round. Like, that's those are only two options. And what I mean, the Steelers were so bad. They were so bad and against the Browns, is our our, like, mortal enemy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:39]

So it it hurt on so many levels, but everyone and their mother was texting me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

like, hey, what's going on with the Steelers? Like I know. I got say no. Yeah. Like I got some inside track on on what's happening, you know, as they're literally coming apart.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

But no no, John, I'm I'm I'm happy to say that you you were a true friend. Technically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

technically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

Mark was too, but I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:04]

think that's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:05]

from ambivalence because he doesn't like sports. But He might know us about football than I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

That's saying something right there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

So the Steelers were my escapism,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

and they're over. So football's done for me. Right. And and I now all I have is,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

hobbits and elves and dwarves and stuff. So Yeah. How far are you into Middle Earth?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

So I am I'm about halfway through book four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:31]

of the two towers.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:33]

Which is the second book in the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

two towers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:38]

Yeah. Volume. So so the first the first half deals with everybody but Frodo and Sam. And then the second book is Frodo and Sam.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

And I can definitively say that the first book is more interesting than the second.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:54]

Yeah. There's I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

so we have I don't know. We even talked about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:59]

even my reading of the Fellowship of the Ring, have we? I think we mentioned it, but we haven't talked about it. No. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

So so I I promised you I promised you at the 2020

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

that if I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

I don't even remember what it was I was trying to finish. It was a it was a number of books or a series of books or whatever. I was gonna gonna go down this journey of Tolkien. We know that the Hobbit, you know, journey

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:22]

had mixed results, we'll say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

So I read The Fellowship of the Ring, and I I actually really enjoyed it. Yeah. There there's about a quarter to a third of the book that I think is completely worthless,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

which is which is the Tom Bombadil section.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

But it you know, in hindsight, if you just skip over that part,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:42]

it's a really good book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

And and you you made the point to me of how did you say it? Like, I think I was asking you why

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:49]

why am I wasting my time with Tom Bombadil? I don't even remember of the the world building aspect?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:55]

That's not what you said. You said that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:59]

Tom Bombadil is there to let you know that not every godlike creature is evil. That is true. Which I actually thought was really profound and and got me thinking a lot about Tom Bombadil. But I I really I don't I don't know, man. That whole section

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:16]

weird. Right? There's it's very well written prose.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

Like, it's it's it's beautiful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

language.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

K. It's beautiful writing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

But sometimes, it is just so snooze snooze worthy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

And that's I think that's what I'm experiencing right now in The Two Towers. So there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:36]

there's a lot of, like, in Sam's head that is being captured and just, like, Sam's analytics of the situation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:45]

That I'm sure it's very Hobbit esque, but but I think I think if there's one thing we've concluded about me and Tolkien, I'm not really a Hobbit guy. You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

That's fair. So last time I read through I mean, it's been several years now, though. Five or six.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:00]

But The Two Towers was my favorite of the three,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:05]

whereas The Return of the King is my favorite movie of the three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:09]

Interesting. Okay. I I will say this. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

the first half was fantastic, and I blazed through it. I I really moved really fast just in terms of of reading and, like, it captured me, and I was sucked in. Yeah. There's more action there. Like, Frodo and Sam are just walking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

Right. Right. You know, the the battle with the Ents

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

actually, that was another interesting thing. Thought the Council with the Ents was much more interesting in the book than it was in the movie Yeah. Which I I honestly didn't expect because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

you know, my experience with the first book was that the movie was better because it cut out Tom Bombadil. Right. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:47]

No. The the first half of Two Towers is is just wonderful. And the second half is getting there. Right? Like, we're at Mordor now. That's where I'm at. I got about a quarter of the book left. So Did you run into Shelob?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

I don't think so. That name doesn't ring a bell. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

What who's Shelob?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

Somebody who throwed on Sam Renin to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:08]

Okay. I don't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:10]

I don't remember that. So Alright. We've got You're coming up on it soon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

This is this is one book though I've had a harder time staying awake late at night with. I don't know Well, that's good. Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:22]

Maybe. Maybe. I don't know. I I I was reading last night and I fell asleep promptly at like 10:45, which I never do. And then I woke up at 04:30 and read for another hour before I went back to bed. So Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:34]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

So I am reading

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:38]

Merlin, which is the second book of the Pendragon cycle. First one was Taliesin, which I read because I named my dog Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

So I'm rereading through all of this. So I've read them before, but that was probably twelve years ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

So so let me ask you one question with this this Tolkien thing. Am I gonna put myself in a bad spot if I take a break and go read a Star Trek novel before I read the last installment of Lord of the Rings?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

I don't think so. How long does it take you to read a Star Trek novel? Couple weeks,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:08]

if that No. No. No. No. If we if it takes a week, I'll be shocked. No. I think you'll be fine, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Okay. Alright. Because I've I've got I've got a challenge with my library holds right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

So I'm working through it. I'm working through it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:23]

So that's our escapism.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

It is. It is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

I wanted to to talk I I put this on the list. I put NextDNS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

You've heard me rave about this. Yes. I put it put it down. I'm gonna, release a blog post on Thursday when this episode comes out about this. But we've talked a little bit about ad blocking. Yep. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

your your friend and listener of the show, Josh Chandler,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

recommended to us Better as an ad blocker,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:49]

which I'm still convinced is probably the best ad blocker for iOS and Mac OS out there. I I really think it works well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

The thing is I needed to kick things up a notch and take it to the Thanks to Borat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:03]

Thanks to Borat, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

Borat crossed the line with my Roku,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:08]

and there's no coming back from it. That'll all be in the article. But but I the the problem I think I've I've come to conclude, right, is these ad blockers deal with your web surfing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:19]

So much of what we do

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:22]

actual web surfing. It's in apps. Yep. And these ad blockers are completely neutered from being able to help stop anything,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:30]

whether it's tracking or advertisements,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:32]

all of it. Right? And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:35]

like I said, it was actually my Roku that drove me to dig into this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:40]

I cannot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:41]

possibly recommend enough NextDNS.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

That's nextdnsio,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

nextdns.io.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

And so what this is is every time you make a request to the Internet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

you make a a domain name server request. Right? Like, you you look at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:59]

twist11pod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:01]

Right? That is gonna get translated to a set of numbers that's gonna actually tell you what server to go to to get that data.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:07]

And what NextDNS does is it stands in place of your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

your ISP's domain name servers. Right? So you're using these whether or not you want to. AT and T, if if that's who gives you your Internet or your your I don't know. What are you Mediacom. Pencil pencil and paper Internet?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

Well, you know, every ISP has these, and you can also use a different set, though. And so what NextDNS does is, first of all, it makes all of your requests way faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:33]

But it it also blocks a whole bunch of stuff at the network layer, which is not what ad blockers do typically in the browser.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:40]

They are doing, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

post processing type stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:45]

So what what's what's got me about this is it's actually blocking my Roku ads. It's blocking ads in app,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

including the egregious ads in my IndyStar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

app that that I use for the local newspaper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

It's blocking ads in news, Apple News. It's blocking ads

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

in,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

like, everything that I use.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

And it's not doing it just for me, but it's doing it for everybody in the household because I set it up at the router level.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

And it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:12]

also got some cool stuff. I can block categories

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

of websites. Right? So, like, all pornography is blocked. All gambling sites are blocked,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

and that's just that's just, you know, across the board.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:22]

It also forces Google safe search, YouTube restricted mode. Like, there's just a ton of really awesome protection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:30]

in this service,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

and it costs $20 a year.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:35]

$20

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:36]

a year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

Yeah. If I mean, that's that's half of my last Burger King receipt

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:42]

for the family, you know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

I I really think that if you wanna make your Internet safe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

and this is this is what put in the list. If you wanna make your Internet safe, this is hands down the single best way to do it. And again, I'm gonna I'm gonna have a article on my blog because I'm I'm so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:00]

enamored with this service,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

and what it's been able to do for me, like, just protecting my home and my family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

I really think this is this is one of the best things on the Internet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:12]

So when are gonna sign up, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:16]

Probably when I need to. I did move off of Google DNS servers a while ago just because, you know, Google knows enough about me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

Google knows a ton about you. That I I will say this. If you wanna try NextDNS, there's, like, something like 300,000 DNS queries

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

that are totally free every month. And so it's a really low bar of entry just to try it out. And when you hit that cap, everything still works. You just lose some of the protection

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:41]

that you're you're actually paying for. Right? Like, so you just look at the speed of requests. But, man, I'm telling you, this this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

has just made the Internet a whole lot better at my house. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:51]

And they're doing it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:53]

pretty much as close to the source as they can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:56]

Yeah. There's there's no better way to block this stuff. Right? Like, it the packets never make it into your network. Right? Right. It's like, this is the way to shut down all of this junk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:08]

But I kinda wanna install

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:11]

it and pull up a packet sniffer and see what's all going on. Go back to my networking days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:17]

I think it would alarm you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:18]

So so one one of the other things that's nice about this is there's logs. Right? You can see exactly what requests were blocked. Sure. I think it would alarm you exactly how much gets blocked because of ads and tracking. Do you think that this would alarm me? Because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:33]

I set up a bunch of tracking and ads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

Well, here here's what got me. When I was when I was using this, I opened up a few apps

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

that I had no notion of, like, the level of tracking that were were embedded into it. Oh, yeah, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

And then I went went over to the the blocked DNS requests,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

and the sheer volume of them caught me off guard. Like, I expected something,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

not the level of data that was being transmitted. That did surprise me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:05]

Alright. So we will link to next dns.i0

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:08]

in the show notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

I get no kickbacks if you sign up. If you even try to I I get nothing. I don't want nothing. There's a referral link plot process. I'm not even gonna use it. Like, I just think you should try this out. It's that simple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

Yeah. We I have used referral links in the past on those show notes, but that was, like, in episode 10. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:29]

we make nothing off this. In fact, it cost me money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

There you go. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:36]

Did you get your Christmas gifts?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:39]

You're talking about the thanker the barbecue rev Christmas gifts. Yes. The ones that were lost in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:45]

Ohio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

Man,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:48]

Urban Crest. Urban Crest, Ohio where packages go forever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

Yeah. I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

I I haven't tried these the same way you have. So I've used the smoked salt, but I haven't tried the other seasoning mix.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

You you have though. Right? I have tried the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:02]

I don't know what the word is in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:04]

Japanese,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:05]

but it's the Vampire Slayer. I have not used the beef rub yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

I intend to use these. I just I the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

I think the the beef rub will probably wait till warmer weather, I think, because I I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:20]

that I'll do a steak before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

I get outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

I guess

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:26]

I I'll I'll I'll I'll look at it. The Vampire Slayer, though, is that what what did you use that on? So I used it on chicken breasts

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:34]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

Finker had used it when he did chicken wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

And I just did pan fried chicken breasts,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:41]

and it turned out pretty darn good. I think I went a little heavy. There's a lot of salt in it, so they came out a little salty.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:47]

But I think that's more my fault than anything else, but it also had a nice

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

lemon and ginger flavor to it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

Okay. Good to know. Now when you say you pan fried the chicken,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

chicken breasts, chicken cutlets, like, what were you were you using? Chicken breasts. That's not it's usually chicken breasts or chicken thighs. This was chicken breasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:05]

Skin on or no? No. Almost skinless.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

Just these are easy to find.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:11]

Just in some olive oil, or or what were you okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

Just olive oil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

I think we did, like, roasted broccoli with it, but I don't remember for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:20]

Okay. Now did you use any of the smoked salt on the broccoli?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:23]

I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

So I've used the smoked salt

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:28]

on grilled cheese that I made for lunch one day because the key to a good grilled cheese

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

is seasoning.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

I know about that, but I'll go with it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:40]

And I used it and I used it on some kind of vegetables later on.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

But that stuff is so good. I kinda wanna put it on everything,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

but I don't want it to run out. So I did look up how to smoke salt.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

And apparently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

you can smoke salt for, like, twelve, twenty four hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:59]

I I believe that Fanker took the smoked salt to the next level, though, because this salt is so smoky. Yeah. Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:07]

just great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

smokiness, and so I used it on a baked potato. Nice. I I did a baked potato, put some butter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:16]

and some sour cream and some cheese, and then I put the smoked salt on it, and it was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

Last night, Henry requested some homemade bread with some olive oil, like dipping. Sure. Right? And I threw in some smoked salt in that, and he loved it. So I think this was a it's a great addition. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

I think the problem here is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:37]

we don't have a barbecue rev video on smoked salt. We have not had a new barbecue rev video

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:43]

for a long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

And In his defense, he had Advent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

You'd think that he would need to, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

take some time off after Christmas then and just post a bunch of videos for us. Well, he was smoking salt. I mean, might have been a little busy. But but, yeah, I think that's that's what we want. That's what we want. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:02]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:04]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

listener of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:09]

Katie. Right? You didn't mark it in the note.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:12]

That's because you added this to the note.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

I did? I thought you did. No. I did not add it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

Am I misremembering?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

I think it's Katie. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

We'll roll with that. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:25]

Okay. Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:26]

Sorry, Katie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

Send us a link for all 23 Pixar movies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

definitively ranked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

And I think this was because we mentioned Soul maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:38]

I don't know if we mentioned Soul. I know I was talking about my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

walk through Pixar.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:45]

That was a year ago now, and we've talked about ranking of Marvel movies and Star Wars movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

And So this is on Vox. They rented or they rated ranked oh my gosh. I'm stumbling all over my words. All 23

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:02]

And I have to say this is the most egregious wrong list they possibly could have come up with. They start off strong starting from the bottom, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

Cars I don't even know if I agree with that. Is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:14]

probably the worst Pixar movie I have ever seen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:17]

Really? And I've seen them all. Cars two, like the James Bond follow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

Mater around the whole time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:25]

It it is bad. It is bad. I'll give you that. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

I don't know if

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

maybe that's the only okay. Alright. I'll give you this. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:35]

for the sake of conversation, I'll agree that that's the worst Pixar movie. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

Then they go to Cars three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:41]

Yeah. Which I thought was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

much much much better. I think that is probably in my top 10.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

I do have my list right here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

I would agree with you. I was surprised. So Good Dinosaur was 21. And Good Dinosaur was middling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:57]

Yeah. I anything agree. That

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

spectacular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

But Cars was 20,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

and I don't know how you could possibly put Cars as 20. I I like, I don't that has to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

higher, much higher. Don't you think?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:12]

So Cars, I have ranked as

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

fourth worst

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:16]

below good dinosaur. Are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:18]

you kidding me? Oh, my goodness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

I so I totally disagree. I think it's a good story. I think it's fun. I think it's great voice work.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:26]

I think it's a it's it's a happy movie with a a tearjerker moment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:31]

I I don't know how you can't possibly like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

I don't know. Cars just isn't really my thing. Cars was the Pixar merchandising play.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:39]

And maybe I don't know that I Henry really loved it when he was a kid. So that's you have a soft spot for it. I I don't know that he did. I mean, I so here's the thing. Right? I saw Cars before any of my kids were born. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:52]

You know, I was I was just out of college or just out of high school rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

What I couldn't believe was that Onward was somehow ranked higher

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:01]

than Cars. That I have an issue with.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

I did rank Onward higher than Cars, but again, that's meddling.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:07]

Onward was again

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:09]

not a great movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:11]

It wasn't. Neither was Finding Dory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:13]

which also Correct. Got ranked higher than Cars.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:19]

Finding Dory was 18. So the I have I have problems with both of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

Num number 17 was A Bug's Life. You really like Cars. Yeah. A Bug's I like Cars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

Another one Bugs Life should have been way higher. Yeah. They're still making

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

these jumps in computer animation at that point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

They they are. But I like, that's another one where I think it's just a good story. It's a really fun movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

and it's, I think, easy to just kick back and watch it and enjoy it over and over again. It has great longevity, and I think it is way better than Monsters University, which Cars is also better than, by the way. I believe that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:58]

So so right now, just to be clear, right now, the everything they put above Cars

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

thus far in this list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:05]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:06]

is worse than Cars.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

I like, this this article got me riled up. Think that's why I put it in the notes when I saw the tweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:14]

So Monsters University was 16.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:17]

Now, Monsters Inc. Is one of my all time favorite Yep. Pixar movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:22]

Yeah. Oh, easily easily. It might I think it's my top I think it's in my top three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

So what what I couldn't believe though was number 15 was Brave.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

Brave is so much better than number 15. At 15, we're what? We're halfway through. How many how many are there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

There's 23 in this list. 23 in the list. Alright. Yeah. So we aren't quite We're even halfway place. Yeah. Brave should be easily in the top 10. Maybe maybe top seven or eight or six. Brave is a really great movie, and the animation is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

The acting is fun. The soundtrack is phenomenal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:57]

So I have Brave at 14.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:00]

But I need to adjust this list too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:04]

Yeah. That's that's unacceptable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:05]

So let me ask you this. Brave Incredibles two, which is better?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

Brave? No. Incredibles two is above brave on my list from my watch through. That's that's wrong. That's absolutely wrong. Incredibles two was not a great movie. It it really wasn't. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:23]

I mean, like, at this point, Incredibles two should be in the list. So so the thing is though, the list then goes on to Monsters Inc, which again is in my top three. Monsters Inc is number four on this list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

On your list? On your list? Okay. I'm Monsters gonna

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:39]

Inc might be my number two. I'd have to think about that. But it's number 14 on this list. So this list has almost Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:45]

No credibility

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:47]

in my mind. This has no credibility. So now, we're to number 13, which is where they put Incredibles two. So somehow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

in their mind, Incredibles two It's better than Monsters Inc. Is a better movie than Monsters Inc. Again, merchandising. And Brave.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

Man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

So so the thing this is what gets me though. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:03]

The Incredibles is a fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:06]

It is excellent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:07]

And the franchise would have been better if they just didn't do Incredibles two. I found Incredibles two to be completely disappointing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:14]

Really?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Yeah. Yeah. I did. I did. Now, the the one thing I can't agree with is that Toy Story four is probably a 12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

It's definitely not in the top 10. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

They put Inside Out as number 11, and I'm curious where you place Inside Out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:35]

Where is inside out? There it is. I went past it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:42]

Seven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

Really? You put it that high? I did. Wow. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

I I think it is probably in the top 10,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

but I I think this is one of those movies where it appealed more to adults than it did kids. So it was it was in kind of a weird spot, because it's a deep movie. Yep. It's a really heavy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

deep movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:01]

And I I think when you evaluate Pixar movies, the challenge is these movies are intended for kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:07]

Right? And one of the things that's always made Pixar movies awesome is that adults liked them too. And Inside Out turns that a little bit upside down. Right? It's a deep heavy movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

that I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:19]

is is by and large either too sad or over the head of little kids. That was definitely the experience of my family. I do not have soul on this list yet, so that might change my rankings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

Ugh. Well, I'll tell you where I'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

tell you where I'm gonna put Soul.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:34]

So so Toy Story three is on this list as number 10. I think Toy Story three is a really good movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:42]

Did you like Toy Story three? Toy Story three is third on my list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:47]

It's a it's a tear jerker, man. It's a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:51]

really awesome wait. Did you rank Toy Story three higher than Toy Story? I did not. Toy Story is number one. Oh, interesting. Okay. Alright. Okay. Number nine on this list is Coco, which is the only Pixar movie that I have not seen. Oh, that's a good movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:04]

So that I have probably right around nine, it looks like.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:08]

Okay. Alright. Well, that's I got it a ton.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

That's number nine on this list. So maybe that's one thing I got right. Toy Story two is number eight. Yeah. I think I probably generally agree with that. Seriously? I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

liked Toy Story two. Did you not? I did not like Toy Story two. Why didn't you like Toy Story two? It was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:25]

I don't know. It was, like, half thought through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

They're not even more specific. It doesn't have the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:32]

kind of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

ties to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:35]

real life as the other ones do, even Toy Story four, even though I hated how Toy Story four ended. So Toy Story two comes in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:43]

at second to last right above Cars two for me. Might have met him.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

That's a that's a huge difference. Yeah. I think Toy Story four, the problem there is that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:53]

they they fundamentally changed the Woody character. Yep. He was not true to his character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

Yep. And and once they did that, I think that's where the movie fell apart. Because honestly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

up until I I think it's a better movie until Woody's character change is revealed. Yep. I think that's probably true, but it's right. It just leaves such a bad taste in my mouth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

I I agree with you. So Toy Story two, don't like. I I would probably keep that in the in the top 10. I probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:22]

probably low tens. You're gonna have more more than 10 movies in your top 10. You gotta write out I your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

probably do. You're do that after this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

So this list made

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

number seven Up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:34]

Where did you put Up? Two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

That's my number one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

I love Up. It's to this day, it is the the first time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:44]

as an adult that I remember getting teary eyed in a movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

My kids love it. It's just so much fun. And and to this day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:53]

when I go to Disney World, I go to the little bird show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

in my you know, it's it's the Up area. Right? I just I wanna be in it. I wanna be part of it. I don't think I've been to Disney World since Up has come up. So That's in that's in the animal kingdom. You know? I Oh, I've never been to the animal Kingdom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:10]

Oh, man. It's that's a it's a it it used to be kind of a subpar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:14]

park, but I think it's my favorite these days. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:17]

One day stand, we'll go to Disney World together. We'll get there. Show me everything. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:21]

for those that are keeping score at home, that's my number one. Up as number one. My numb my number two is Monsters Inc. Interesting. My number three is Toy Story. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:31]

Yeah. Those that's So I think I think that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:34]

Toy Story

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

is probably slightly biased based on my reading of Creativity Inc

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:40]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:41]

it being the first.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:43]

It's there's there is, without a doubt, a nostalgia element, but I think it's just a great story. Yep. I I I think the beauty of Toy Story as a franchise, but in particular, that first movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:55]

is it's just a great story. I also think it's kind of original. You know? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:01]

And and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

I I will always remember being in the theater and watching Toy Story. I'll I'll never forget that as long as I live. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:10]

Yep. So Okay. My top three, Toy Story up, Story three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:15]

Fascinating. Okay. I mean, I could see Toy Story three probably being

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

in my fourth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:21]

Where do you put Ratatouille? Because that's number six on the boxes. Ratatouille, I have at five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

You know, I think I think I might agree with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

I think I might agree with you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

I think ratatouille is it's another very original movie. It feels good. I love the food element.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:41]

I I just think it's fun. Where do you put Finding Nemo?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:44]

So Finding Nemo, I did not like. Finding Nemo's towards the bottom,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:48]

not all the way towards the bottom. So one, two, 3. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:55]

it's at thirteen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

Okay. Alright. So I I would say for me, it's probably eleven ish.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

Right? I I definitely wouldn't put in my top 10, but it's close. I I I think I'm with you in the sense that the story doesn't really resonate with me, you know, and I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:13]

I I I take it or leave it. Like, I'm never excited to sit down and watch it. I wasn't excited to watch it the first time. Right. I didn't walk away thinking I needed to watch it again. The Voxelist puts it at number five.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

So then, they've got Soul at number four, which this astounded me, because I would not have put Soul

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:30]

very high on my list, to be honest with you. Right. Yeah. I mean, Soul is a good movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:35]

but it's middling I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:37]

I love jazz too, and I would not even put it, you know The music is is definitely a high point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

It is. It is.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:45]

Yeah. I don't know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:47]

I don't know where this didn't,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:49]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:50]

hit the home run.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:55]

But yeah. Like, the afterlife aspects probably weren't done overly well, so that's probably where I would put it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:02]

Okay. So I I'm gonna have to at the end here, I'm gonna have to see if I can recover and and go through my top 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

But, so Soul was number four. They put Toy Story's number three. I think we've already discussed this. For me, it is my number three. It's your number one. Correct? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

Yeah. I think this list recovers itself a little bit by being by having in the top three. It puts The Incredibles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

as number two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

Where do you put The Incredibles?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:28]

Below Finding Nemo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

Really? Yep. That actually surprises me. So you didn't care for the Incredibles? I did not. I think Incredibles two is actually above the Incredibles on my list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:38]

Oh, that's there's no way. There's no way. I think that I was talking to you about this. Like, I was ripping on The Incredibles when I was watching through it, and you're like, what? That's such a good movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:48]

So so I have this struggle. Right? My one through five, I think, is pretty clear. It's it's up. It's Monsters Inc. It's Toy Story. It's Toy Story three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:56]

Figuring out where to place Toy Story two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:59]

The Incredibles,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

Brave, and A Bug's Life is where I struggle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:03]

Like, in what exact order? But the like, I love those movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

I'm I don't think it's number two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

but I would put it in my top 10. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

Now here's where I think this Vox list loses all credibility.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

It puts as number one, Wally.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:21]

You know where Wally is for me? Which everybody's gonna hate me for this because everybody loves this movie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:27]

Where? Third last.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:29]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

So I don't like it either. I I don't enjoy it at all. I've never enjoyed it. I know that there's, like, a deeper meaning to it, and I I get all that. That's fine. I just don't like the story, and I don't like the characters. Right. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:45]

you know, it's it's weird because there's, like, a lack of dialogue and all that, and I get it. But I would definitely not put it number one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:52]

Again, I think that's where this list loses its credibility.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:55]

Now, I haven't actually read the paragraphs under the to see any reasoning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

It's a you know, it doesn't matter. If you put Wally as number one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:04]

everything else is mitigated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:06]

So I I should just sit down and try and actually rank these. I think I've been pretty clear.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:12]

You need to watch Coco,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:13]

which you have access to because you have Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:16]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:18]

It's a good it's a good movie. They kinda deal with afterlife aspects in that one as well too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

Interesting. It's a recurring theme, you know, like a subtle theme to a few of these. So I think we talked about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:31]

my top 10 maybe being a little inflated. I think as I'm looking here, I might have gotten 11 of my top 10, so I think that's alright. So I would bump cars out of my top 10 based upon that. But Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

My my takeaway here, though, is I think I liked Incredibles more than you. Yep. I liked Incredibles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

a lot. I like Bugs Life more than both you and this list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:52]

I mean, Bugs Life is is a good movie,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:56]

and I just think that looking at the rest of Pixar's catalog,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:01]

it doesn't age as well as the other ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:04]

So I I disagree. I totally disagree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:08]

You know, so if you if you're at Disney World and you're in the Animal Kingdom Lodge, you can go to the Bugs Life Theater, and that movie no matter how many times I've been on that ride, it's so much fun, and it, like, rekindles that that movie for me every time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:23]

it's it sounds like though maybe the I I put brave higher than both you in this list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:29]

And Yeah. So brave you've made a good point to me before because you have daughters,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:34]

and it's a good father daughter

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:36]

movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:40]

Go. It's I it's just a great story,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

and and you have this, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

powerful,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:46]

strong young lady

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:48]

who who just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

has an awesome persona, and you've got this mother daughter dynamic that gets built out. Because this is like one of the few movies where the princess's parents aren't both dead. That is true. You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:01]

I I think there's just a lot of things, like, lot of norms that we've come to expect from the princess genre

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:08]

that this movie shatters. Is this the only princess movie in Pixar's catalog?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:13]

I think so. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. And that's you know, I think if Pixar is gonna do a princess movie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:20]

they're gonna break norms, and I think they did a fantastic job. You also you gotta love the accents, man. You gotta love the accents.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:28]

Yeah. As as I'm looking at my list, like, my middle, I need to go through and think about harder.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:34]

I just have a bunch of kind of, like, middling Pixar movies, then I have the ones I really like and the ones that I don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:40]

Your top three again, just to just to be clear. So top three, Toy Story up,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:44]

Toy Story three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

Where'd you put Monsters Inc? Fourth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:49]

Okay. Alright. So our our four were pretty much aligned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

oddly enough. They were just in different orders. Yep. And fifth,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:57]

Ratatouille.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:59]

Yeah. I I I could see think how do I know this? I have to go back and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:04]

listen to the notes, but that's either that might be six or something like that. And I don't think Soul displaces any of those.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:10]

No. I definitely don't. It's I mean, it's a good movie. You should watch it. Yep. But definitely doesn't displace.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:16]

So alright. Well, John, I should probably let you go so I can go watch Coco, and and get back to you with my kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:24]

I think so. Okay. I think they have. I don't know. I you know, I I don't remember when did Coco come out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:32]

Four years ago, maybe? 2017.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:34]

I don't remember being compelled to go to the theater, and I don't remember being compelled to rent it. So if they watched it, it was probably since Disney Plus came out. Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:43]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:45]

There you go. That note, my friend, I'm gonna go watch Coco. Alright. Enjoy. Hope hope you have a wonderful day. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.
