---
title: Where you're sure to find something that interests you
episode: 12
date: '2018-10-04T07:00:36.000Z'
slug: where-youre-sure-to-find-something-that-interests-you/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  John and Stan discuss non-fiction books that read like stories and engage
  listeners with their flow and information density. They also talk about
  classic literature from the Western canon, including works by authors such as
  Jim Lovell and Robert Kerson. The conversation is centered around John's
  interests in space exploration history and his desire to read more classic
  literature.
keywords:
  - non-fiction books
  - storytelling
  - classic literature
  - Western canon
  - Apollo missions
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:20]

This is life.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

With a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:25]

I'm recording. Hopefully, I sound okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

John, you sound great. I love how you sound.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

Don't be creepy. It's really wonderful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

So any milkshakes this week? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

Not at all. Nothing?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:40]

Sorry,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:41]

man. What about you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:43]

I stopped by Chick fil A and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

I had a really wonderful milkshake, like really truly pleasant milkshake. I just got the chocolate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

and I would say it it seemed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

less syrupy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

and there were definitely no hot spots, which as you know, hot spots have been kind of the recurring theme. Bane of your existence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:04]

Yeah. You know, like, it just ruins a perfectly good milkshake. I will say this. So if I'm ranking all the milkshakes I've had,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

Chick fil A is second to the first Five Guys milkshake I had.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:18]

It's definitely better than the second one, but it's not better than the first, if that makes sense. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

Yeah. So there you go. Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:28]

So So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:30]

I've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

got a bone to pick with you because Oh, boy. I keep trying to add you on Apple activities, and then I see your activity for like a day,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:38]

and then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

it just says zero, like you aren't active at all. So I don't know if you have some weird sync setting, but this doesn't happen for anyone else. It's only you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

I I swear I'm not doing anything. I really am not. This gotta be you. The Sarah see your activity?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

Yeah. It drives her nuts too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

I've actually got one of those seven day competitions going on with missus Lemon right now. I can't do competitions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:04]

I have upgraded to my last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:07]

upgrade on this watch unless they do a security release or something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

Has it has it crossed your mind that maybe the problem with seeing my activity is related to your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

really old watch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

Then wouldn't it be doing the same thing for your wife, but I see her activity just fine?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

I I don't know. I I'm just I'm I'm grasping straws here. Yeah. I don't know. Come on, Apple.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:33]

Come on, John. And it's it's the phone, really, that my phone is more or less up to date. It's an eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

Oof. So old. So old. So last year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

Dude, I've I've been I've been all over it though. I got all my rings closed last week and yeah. It was it was good. Even bumped up my calorie count for the day and I think I think I am almost done for today actually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:58]

Just gonna remove you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

every day and add you back so that That's alright. It works.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

Whatever you gotta do, John? Will you accept my invitations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:08]

unlike George Borchardt who I like send him one every three months and he never accepts the activity thing. What's with it? I send him one too and he doesn't accept. Now if only he listened to this podcast, he would know that we were calling him out. Well, he hasn't yet because otherwise, he would have said something about us talking about him. Yeah. He definitely would have. So that's a good point. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

maybe someday. Maybe someday. If so I still don't believe we have listeners, but if we do and you happen to know who George Borgard is, text him right now and ask him if he's listening to Life With a Twist of Lemon. I believe that Aaron Finker is a silent listener

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:43]

because I I received a package from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

whatever we're calling it. Meat rubs by Finker, meat rubbed and salutary. What I received a package

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:53]

two days ago.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

Out of curiosity, was it addressed Fanker or meat rubs or meat rubbed and salutary? The return address was Fanker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:03]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

still still up for debate. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:07]

I just get these three, like, sandwich bags and they're numbered one, two, and three,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:13]

but no explanation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

I didn't even get an email or a text message or something saying, hey. Use this on beef. So I'm just assuming I use it on beef.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:22]

I I think I think you just use it on beef. It's, you know, it's funny. It comes in a little baggies. It's like, is DEA gonna be knocking at my door next? You know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:32]

So just to address Fanker, I think mine came today. I haven't actually looked at at the mail, but I think mine came as well. I knew they were coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

So the question is, are you gonna cook yours before I cook mine?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:42]

Probably not, man. You have more time than me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:47]

That's debatable.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

I think John, I'm better at prioritizing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

I'm better prioritizing the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:54]

important things. Like milkshakes and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:57]

beef.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

Meat rubs. Yeah. Meat rubs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

So are you doing them on steaks again?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

Probably, because I don't have a grill. I don't know if this is gonna work out well for me. I might have to, like, go buy a bag of charcoal and go to some public park in order to grill it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

Okay. I'm I'm not gonna knock that idea. That sounds fantastic. But if you don't wanna do that, I I highly recommend the reverse sear, and then you just use a frying pan at the end. Use a frying pan instead? Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

Yeah. Yeah. It'll work. It'll work. You've got a you have a frying pan. Right? Like a cast iron frying pan? Yes. Yes, I do. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

I just never know with you, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

Are are you so cheap that you wouldn't have a cast iron frying pan? If you had said you did not have a cast iron frying pan, you realize I probably would have Amazon overnighted one to you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:49]

I I believe that to be true.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:52]

I have a pizza stone. You know what I don't have that I would really like?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:56]

What's that, John? A Dutch oven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:59]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:01]

That's because you haven't really gone camping apart from with me, have you? It doesn't matter. Dutch oven is so versatile.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

You can use it all the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

Oh, I I know that. I know that. But like for us, the thing that precipitated us getting a Dutch oven was going on a camping trip. You guys go kinda crazy with your camp meals?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

What do you mean? You don't do, like, standard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

camp fare.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

Like, you go all out. That chili was amazing. I need to see if I still have access to that chili recipe now that you've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:32]

disowned Dropbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

That chili actually is sitting on the stove here Oh, man. Waiting to get tapped on the stand.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:41]

One of these episodes last we're gonna have to plan the meals for when I'm there in November, and then we'll have to spend a whole another episode planning what we're actually gonna do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

I I like that idea. And then another episode analyzing the meals and another episode analyzing what we did?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:57]

Yeah. And then we're, like, going to record that Five Guys milkshake guy too, aren't we? Oh, yeah. Yeah. November's gonna be a crazy month for this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

No. So that that chili recipe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:08]

I actually used this last time we went camping as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

And I simplified it a little just to to kinda make it a little easier to go. But if you remember when we went, I cut everything at the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:19]

at the campsite, right, all those vegetables by hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

And missus Lemon, in her infinite wisdom, cut all those vegetables up in advance, put them in a massive ziplock bag, and we put it in the cooler. So I was actually able to I think the whole thing. For Chile, you actually did have it all cut up before we went camping. This was, like, two years ago. Really? I haven't been camping since because you never invite me. Maybe I I I think I cut that up by hand. Maybe I did it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

Before you left there?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

I don't know. Well, but before you got there because we were there before you. But You'd were there just before because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

you didn't have tents set up or anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:54]

Oh, that's true. Alright. Oh, who knows? Anyhow, we we precut everything, and it it worked great. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

that recipe still just kicks

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

absolute butt. Best chili ever. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:07]

I I'm I'm I'm partial for sure. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

yeah. We I did it with turkey at the campsite, which normally I do chicken, ground chicken.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:15]

Occasionally, I'll do ground beef. It just depends. The problem with ground beef is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:19]

unless you get a super lean cut, it winds up being just too greasy for my my likes. I would rather have it,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:26]

you know, be more

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:28]

soupy than greasy, if that makes sense.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:31]

Understandable. But it's kind of counterintuitive when you're talking about chili, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

I mean, I'm I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

I'm not opposed to ground chicken for chili. Most people, I think, would try my chili with ground chicken and not even know. Like, they wouldn't notice it. Oh, yeah. Because the the seasoning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

I think, handles the the differences there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:52]

The the turkey was interesting because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

ground turkey like, so ground chicken is stringy, it kinda holds its stringiness together so you can get,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

like, chunks of meat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:04]

when you saute the the meat there at the the start. You can get that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

and and it still kinda looks like beef. With turkey, it's harder because it's just like a mush. Right? And Right. If if you're not careful, wind up with just like powdered chicken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

or turkey rather, powdered turkey. And you nobody wants that. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:24]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

well, does this mean I'm making chili next time you're in town? Maybe. Apparently, you've come up with all these recipes that I've never had, so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:34]

we might just be eating all the time, which is what we normally do. Are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:38]

you asking are you saying that because of the soup recipes?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:41]

No. Just just in general. You said you've really upped your cooking game since last time we actually visited and stayed for more than a couple hours. Starting to turn into bored out here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:53]

Short visits. Well, so you asked about soups the other day, I think I sent you what, like six six soups or something? You did. And they all looked very good. Yeah. Now I just have to make one. Yeah. Those were all my, like, my top rated ones. I I've got others. So if you run run out of those, let me know. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:09]

I like I like soups in general because I can eat them the next day and the day after that. Like, they're they make a really easy lunch. I don't have to do a lot of prep. I just fill the bowl up, stick it in the microwave, and I'm good to go. Right. So you know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:23]

But you'll have to let me know how those go. Report back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

Have you picked one you're gonna try first?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:28]

I haven't yet. It will probably be whichever one doesn't have some hard to find ingredient.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:33]

Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

the meatball soup that I sent you, pro tip here, I think it calls I think the recipe calls for farro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:41]

And Yep. Sometimes that can be hard to find. Although if you can, it's great. So another thing that we it's either farro or barley.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:49]

There's farro there. Where I'm going with this is you can do farro, barley, or, like, brown rice. We've done it with all three just based on what's available. Interesting. That one, though, I'm I'm telling you, John, that's a fantastic recipe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

and and you should you should probably start there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:05]

Alright. Sounds good. I didn't know that there's were different kinds of kale.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:10]

So there's like this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:12]

lacinato

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:13]

kale.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

I mean, just go to the grocery store and buy kale. Alright. I actually I I think we've even made that one with Swiss chard. Yeah. Because we we had those massive Swiss chard plants on the side of the house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:25]

And, I mean, they just they they grew so much that we were throwing Swiss chard and everything. In fact, you know that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:31]

Korean ragu with the the tteok that we make? Yes. Yeah. That So normally calls for bok choy. Right. We we actually substituted Swiss chardin on that one once too. Was it as good?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

I thought it was tasty. I mean, so here's the thing. Right? Like, bok choy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

what's nice about bok choy is you really have two different sides of the plant, and you've got that, like, celery side, and you've got the leafy side, so you get a little bit of everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:55]

With the Swiss chard,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:57]

you get more of the leafy side, and it tends to be a little bit sturdier relief. So it's it's texturally different. But if you like Swiss chard, I mean, you you really can't go wrong there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:06]

All I know is that you've never made me anything that did not taste good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:12]

Delicious. You poo poo on my pepperoni choice once. I did. And that worked out great for everyone involved.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

Yeah. Well, now I I buy only deli cut pepperoni, so go figure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:26]

The

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

worst thing was when we were out in Pittsburgh, I think, and we did surf and turf. Finger was there, and you had never grilled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:36]

lobster tail before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:39]

Yeah. That was the first time. I think I stressed out about that a lot, didn't I? You did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:43]

These were not cheap Never lobster tail

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

never let you live that down. Yeah. We got that at the Strip District, didn't we?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Yeah. Yeah. At

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:51]

Woolies. Woolies Fish Market. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:53]

then I miss that place. We went to achieve

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:57]

cheese nirvana at the PenMac company.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:00]

Yep. Yep. We should go and visit Pittsburgh again sometime, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:04]

Hey, man. Except Indy's cool, I guess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

Haven't actually visited you since you lived in Indy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

You stopped by. I so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:15]

I I do need to find a I like, I I haven't been down to the Farmer's Market in downtown, and I know that's only open up until October.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:23]

Yeah. I imagine that I'll get a similar experience there, but I we definitely you come into town, we can have we can have a good time. There's no doubt about that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:33]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

as I was listening to last week's episode, I realized I said there was no killer feature in iOS 12. Do you remember this? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

And that's a total lie. I don't know if you've noticed. Have you noticed the new password manager integration?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

No. Because even though apparently I use my phone more than you do, I don't actually use it for things that I need to log in to regularly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

Alright. Well, so here's here's a pro tip. Because you're you're still a one password user. Right? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

Okay. If you go into settings on your phone

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:08]

Am I doing this now? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:10]

Do this now. Why not? So there's there's the passwords and accounts area. You see where that is?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

Settings,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

passwords. Settings, passwords, and accounts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

The second option from the top is autofill passwords. Autofill passwords. And it's you tap on that. That's awesome. Yeah. It's right there. So here's what I did. I don't use iCloud Keychain at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:35]

I just use one password. So if you I I didn't check the iCloud Keychain, and I just checked one password. But now it's it's so cool, John. Like, you're in an app, and you can tap on a password prompt, and it will, in the app, allow you to fill it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

from the, like, the integration, this this unified password

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

Okay. So it's like the whole all of iOS now is quick tap. And the other thing is, like, I don't know if you've ever encountered a website where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

the existing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:03]

one password extension, like, autofill didn't work. For me, it's always chase.com. Chase.com, for whatever reason, would never autofill. Right. This, now, if you tap on the password field in a web page, it'll actually, like, prompt you from one password.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

Yeah. Ain't that cool? Like, so, last week, I said there's no killer feature. But honestly, like, this has saved so much of my time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

that it it's the iOS 12 is totally worth it. There are lot of other cool things I've concluded since then that is worthwhile than iOS apparently. 12.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:40]

I I'm pretty sure so you had how many what was your screen time for last week? My average was like, what? Two hours, fifteen minutes or something like that? I suppose I can scroll back yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

I think I sent you a screenshot. This was like thirty three minutes. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

I'm I am convinced that that was wrong. There's there's just no way that that was true because I Two hours twenty three minutes for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:05]

You were Here's thirty three minutes of screen time last week, average.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:09]

Yeah. So here here's the thing. I was thinking about this this morning as I was laying in bed looking at my phone. I was like, I've already been here longer than a half hour on my phone. And, yeah, that's still the morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

Yeah. There's there's no way. So I don't know what happened. It'll be interesting to see next week. Next week, I'm expecting like four and a half hours or something like that, but we'll we'll see. Yeah. So I've done a couple things on my phone and maybe you've noticed with the screenshots I've sent. Actually, I don't know. Does this apply to screenshots?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

So I turned my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:41]

phone to grayscale mode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

What?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:45]

The whole wait. So there's no color on your phone at all? There's no color on my phone at all. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:51]

like, the apps with the fancy colors don't get me and, like, the gray circle notification thing isn't nearly as important as a red notification

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

circle.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

So I did that. I've removed all social media from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:08]

my phone with the exception of untapped and Goodreads.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:13]

And then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:14]

on my home page,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

I put the Kindle app there and I've also removed email from the bottom bar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:23]

So okay. There is no color on your phone. I don't even know how to do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

Accessibility settings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:30]

And then and then where? What is like under display accommodations?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

I think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

General

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:40]

accessibility display.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

I can't imagine. Yeah. So then color filters. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:48]

then you can flip on grayscale mode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

So I I got this from Jonathan Veker, which is doctor Veker's son. And he posted a blog post about

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

how phones are meant to be addicting and get you to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:02]

use them more because, like, app users want you to be using their things so they can collect data and make money off of you. The phone people want you addicted to your phone, so you have to buy a new phone every two years if it slows down or something like that. So one of his suggestions was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

to go to grayscale mode. Another suggestion was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:21]

to turn off all notifications except for those where an actual person is contacting you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:27]

So, like, messages

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:30]

Facebook Messenger or something like that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

rather than the app sending you notifications

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:37]

just get you to engage again.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:40]

So I've done those things. You put your whole phone in grayscale mode. My entire phone is in grayscale mode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:47]

And you're not miserable yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:49]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

And I've removed all social media as of me thinking that I was using my phone five times more than you were, which just doesn't make sense.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:59]

And then I put the Kindle app on my home screen. So now if I pick up my phone for any reason, I use it as an excuse to read more because I've been a terrible reader recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:10]

I have ran into an issue where the Kindle app on the phone is not actually keeping up the current progress in my book with my Kindle device,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

which is usually at home. So I need to figure that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:23]

I'm I'm just I'm still like, I can't fathom the grayscale thing. So I I will tell you, I've got two hours and thirty four minutes on my phone apparently today, which is a lot for only being six in the evening. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:36]

almost an hour of it is on the Kindle app. So in my defense. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

And I think I think this is actually a little inflated because I listened to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

it's it's not showing my podcast, but I feel like I think this the screen has to be on. I don't think it's you actually using your phone. So like if you're playing music or listening to podcasts, I think it's more actively being on your phone.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:00]

Looking at the screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:05]

yeah, these numbers don't add up. I I don't know that I believe any of this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

This is bizarre. So this is Oh, and some of this is from midnight. This doesn't count. This is not the killer feature.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:16]

It does two count because it didn't count towards yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

Well, you know what I mean. That's just a weird way to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

just a weird way to count it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:26]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

Alright. Well, we'll we'll keep up the tally and see who uses their phone more. It's almost definitely me, but I the 33 last week was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

misleading at best. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

I don't know. I don't so here's the thing. I don't do a lot of social media on my phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

I have Facebook installed right now because I had to make a change to my daughter's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

messenger for kids thing, and that's the only way to do it, which which is so annoying. But normally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:56]

Facebook is not on my phone. I don't do Instagram. I mean, I have an account, but I don't I don't have it my phone. See, like, Instagram is the one that it's kinda hard to use if you don't have it on your phone, at least if you're gonna post anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:07]

Because, I mean, you can look at the feed through the web browser, but you can't actually post images. And Instagram is my favorite social network because Lutherans haven't figured out how to argue theology on it yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

But but, John, Instagram is now all in black and white.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:23]

I know. That's that that's kind of annoying, but I removed Instagram too. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:28]

all social media is gone except for untapped

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:30]

and Goodreads.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

So I'm not on untapped. In Goodreads, I only do from the Kindle app. I don't I don't have that. That's because you don't read physical books anymore, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

That's not true. That's not true, actually. I have a stack of three physical books here. From the library, or did you buy them? No. No. No. They're from the library. I go I go to the library pretty regularly. I believe that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:52]

You just swore off buying any more physical books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:55]

Right. Now, I did I did break my rule. I went to a used bookstore recently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

and there were a couple of David McCullough books, and I'm I'm a big fan of his. So I picked up the hard copies of those because they were so stinking cheap. Do I know anything by him?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:09]

Well, so you remember the HBO miniseries, John Adams? Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

That's based off of the biography he wrote on John Adams. Ah. And and I've I've read that biography, and it was it was fantastic. It it is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:23]

one of the best biographies I've ever written. His writing style was just wonderful. And so I saw his biography on the Wright brothers, which I thought was gonna be really interesting. And I also saw his book called seventeen seventy six. I've read the Wright Brothers one yet. I have not done seventeen seventy six yet, but Wright Brothers was fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

In fact, I I have the physical copy. When you come in November, if you would like, you are more than welcome to take it with you.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:48]

I still haven't finished the Washington biography.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:52]

Oh, it's such a good book. It is. It is once I get into it. It's just I need I need to have better

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:01]

what's the word? I don't even know what word I'm thinking of, but I just need to be better about Discipline. Better

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:06]

discipline to read. Yeah. That that works.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

Set a time So aside time to actually read thirty minutes a day, start out with, then bump it up to Yeah. A couple hours. That's basically what I do, is thirty minutes. And it's a combination of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:20]

a minimum, thirty minutes minimum. Sometimes it's more. And and since I've canceled Netflix,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

I find

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

I've got a little more reading time in the evening, especially on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

because there's no football. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

yeah, I mean, I I don't know. You just gotta like, for me, I have a list of daily reminders on my phone, and reading out of a book is one of them Just to keep my mind sharp and to be constantly learning and and all that. It's just it's something that I've considered a priority. So do you read non fiction at night?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:56]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:58]

it's not like a night or evening thing. It's just, like, I try to only read one book at a time because if I'm reading more than one book at a time, I just get get my wires crossed. Some people can do that and it's it's very impressive, but that's not me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:12]

I gravitate towards nonfiction. The fiction I read tends to be Star Wars, and so it's just a matter of, like, when the book comes out. Like, one of the physical books that I've got from the library that's in my queue to start reading is the new solo book. Right. So I'll get to that eventually.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:28]

Because I find myself getting home from work and then I pick up the Kindle or a book. So I'm reading still reading through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:35]

Kapon's book on parables.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

It's a great book. And I just find my

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

I can't focus on it because I've been my brain's too tired.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:45]

I I get that. I don't know if I need to set aside time, read at lunch again or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

in the mornings and do that. So that's I think that's kinda where I fell off reading the Washington biography too. It doesn't help that all that font is really small when you're reading it out of the physical book. So Yes. That's another you're advocating for the Kindle right there and you didn't even mean to. I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

But so I I will say this. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

like, I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

there's there's non fiction that's heavy and there's non fiction that's I don't wanna say light but like Yeah. Like business books and those kind of things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:23]

Yeah. I don't I don't read that kind of stuff. What I mean more is like so David McCullough, right, is a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

great writer. It things just flow. They're very smooth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

And it's it's very much like a storytelling. So the only thing that makes it different from fiction is the fact that it's real. Right. It sounds so stupid when I say it that way. But just his writing style is is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:45]

more like a storyteller. Compare

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

that to Chernow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:50]

Chernow is a balance of, I think, storytelling and, like, raw facts delivery. So I like I love Chernow. Because it like, when you get into it, that goes really quickly. You can read through it really fast when you actually get in, but it it doesn't read like a story maybe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

In some parts, it does, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

I don't know. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

Chernow, I think, is a little more rigid in terms of flow than McCullough, which I think is why a lot of people like McCullough. I I mean, he's he really is a fantastic author,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

and I I can't recommend him enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:25]

Another one that I thought is is really interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:29]

that you actually put me onto is this book Rocketman,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:32]

which is Alright. Again, you know, nonfiction.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

But it it it just has a wonderful flow to it. And so I'm I'm just soaking it up despite the fact that it's it's all facts. Do you do you remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

like, how this how you put this book on my radar? Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:49]

Art of Manliness covered it in one of their podcast episodes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

That's if we go back all the way to episode one, you'll see that I listened to the art of manliness podcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

and I listened to pretty much all of them. Occasionally, I'll skip one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

but I definitely start listening to all of them. And the one had the author of this Rocketman book

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

talking about Apollo eight, and I really didn't know anything about Apollo eight before listening to that podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:13]

And I knew that you are all in on the Apollo missions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:19]

NASA and and especially, you know, early

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

space exploration history is is very interesting to me. It always has been. I actually have a signed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

copy of Jim Lovell's book, Lost Moon. It's now been retitled to something else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:34]

But I I knew about Apollo. I did not I did not realize,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:39]

the the amount of risk that preceded it Right. Or really how big of a deal it was at the time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

And that's think so I don't listen there to manliness. Most of the time, I just don't find it engaging. This episode was like, I was glued in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

The book is by Robert Kerson, if I'm remembering right. That sounds right. And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:58]

Kerson, like, he sucked me in on the on the podcast. So I was like, alright. I'm gonna give the book a try. And the book has been fantastic. I highly recommend that. And in fact, when you're talking the reason I kinda segued into this is when you're talking about books that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

like, non fiction books that read like a story and are very engaging, but not they don't have the density that that, like, requires hard brainpower,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

This is a good example of a well written nonfiction book that just flows beautifully. And so can't recommend that enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:27]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:28]

Yeah. Art of Manliness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

could work on their production value, I think.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:33]

It's just there's things like the interview just kinda gets cut off in weird spots so he can put ads in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:39]

and it's weird.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:42]

But, usually, there's really good information.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

I was just listening to one the other week about the great books,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:49]

and this guy who started reading through the great books of the Western world with a group of guys down in Texas or Oklahoma or something like that was talking through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:58]

all that and kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

that was really interesting to me. So if you wanna start reading the Iliad and The Odyssey with me, Stan, we'll we'll try to make it through all the all the great books of the Western world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:09]

So I would love a list

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

of what those are, and I would be open to that, believe it or not, because classics is something that my reading repertoire is rather thin on. Because I I skipped that year of high school, there's, like, a whole set of English books,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

like or English class books, rather, that I I missed. And I've read a few of them, you know, as an adult, but I I would love to kinda go back and and really hit them all up. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

you've probably seen these before. They they come in like these mantelpiece sets, and it's like 50 some volumes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:42]

And they go through everything. They start really, really all goes back to the Iliad, I think, is where it starts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:48]

And then they go through

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:50]

Augustine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

all the way up through I don't even know what. But, yeah, I'll send you a list. There's a couple different lists apparently, but I think it started out of Harvard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:00]

maybe. Okay. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

I've not read Augustine. I've read quite a bit of Augustine, but it's been it's been a little while. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:09]

alright, John. Well, I I hate to wrap it up, but I got that chili waiting for me and it's Oh, sounds good. Itself.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:17]

You want me send you a picture? I didn't make any bread this time. When I when I went I think the the time we went camping and also this camping trip, just went on, I baked a German farmer's loaf Yep. That I took with, which goes great. So you can can just imagine that for when you're out in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:34]

Can't come soon enough. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:36]

Alright, man. We'll talk to you later. See

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

you, buddy. Bye.

