---
title: Don't Get Wing Sauce on your iPhone 12
episode: 104
date: '2020-10-15T12:48:22.000Z'
slug: dont-get-wing-sauce-on-your-iphone-12/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast discusses Apple's latest iPhone 13 series, including MagSafe
  wireless charging, transparent aluminum construction, and various design
  improvements. The conversation also touches on the author's personal
  experiences with wireless charging and their preference for Apple cases.
  Additionally, the hosts reminisce about Star Trek: Generations, a movie that
  prominently features transparent aluminum.
keywords:
  - |-
    MagSafe
    Transparent Aluminum
    Apple iPhone 13 series
    Wireless Charging
    Star Trek: Generations
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:25]

So, John, I just came back from a field trip to do podcast research.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:30]

It's a long time coming,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

but I have completed the task.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:35]

Out in the field?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

Out in the field. Out in the field. I had to travel across Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

to the Eastern side of the city. Basically, Eastern Side just means the other side of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:47]

65, if you know where that is. Sure. In order to put my palate to the test

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

and experience,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:54]

it's just wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:56]

Oh, yeah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:57]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

So I went over to my friend and listener of the show,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:03]

Joe Taylor's house

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

and At this point,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

is all of our friends.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:10]

He's friend of the show, friends to listeners everywhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:14]

Friend of animals and people too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

Yeah. Let me tell you about his his friendship with animals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:21]

That story is for another time. Let's let's just put it this way. Joe can make a cat lover out of all of us. So I went over I went over to their side of Indianapolis in search of wings. Upon your recommendation, might I add. I learned that mister Taylor actually had tried these beforehand. He did not show

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

his colors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:38]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

Tried them. There's so many questions.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:43]

Yeah. So first of all, he doesn't like wings. Like, we covered that initially. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:49]

Many orders without Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:52]

So he he doesn't like wings. But to be clear, he doesn't like bone in wings. So my understanding, I hope I got this right when he told me this, what he ordered without me was the boneless wings. So tonight, he actually ordered bone in wings with two sauces.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

And I ordered I thought I ordered bone in and boneless, but I clicked two bone ins, which is fine. Totally fine. I got one smoked and one fried. I got the smoked with the buffalo sauce because as I told you last time, that's the baseline. Right? Everything is judged

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

from the baseline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:25]

If you say so, Stan. I mean, you gotta start somewhere, John. Gotta play the of the field. Yeah. Well, I'm just how how am I supposed to analyze this compared to any other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

wing that I've ever had?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

Just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

talk about it, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:38]

But I guess if if you wanna measure things compared to every wing you've ever had, then Yeah. Comparative analysis is is critically important. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:47]

So I got I got a smoked wing with buffalo sauce, and then I got a fried with the honey sriracha. I traded Joe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:53]

one smoked buffalo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:55]

for one smoked ponzu.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:57]

Is ponzu the one that I got? Is that the jalapenos one? Okay. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

The and ponzu was the one actually, ponzu was the one that Anna got that you like. Is that the Asian one? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:09]

I have notes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:11]

Alright. So first and foremost, the smokiness

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

of the wing itself, of the smoked wings

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

was was legit. There was a lot of smoke flavor there. I am very, very skeptical that these wings are smoked. I suspect that they probably are, like, injected with out of a Chili's kitchen where they microwave all the food, probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:31]

Yeah. Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:33]

but if you suspend reality for a minute and you just think about the taste, it's like, oh, that's a smoky wing. Yep. Right? So again, though, my suspicion is that they are probably boiled in liquid smoke,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

and then they're,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

broiled for the final stage. The the problem with them was twofold. One, they were very dry. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:52]

Yeah. That they were these were not moist wings, and the saucing was really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:56]

subpar. So saucing was subpar on mine, but the wing itself was cooked well. So Yeah. Interesting. Again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

smoked flavor, you know, like, very good. I got no complaints there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:08]

but it was a it was a dry wing. All of all of them were. Like, I I ate of them that way. Bad chefs. They were all overcooked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

Yeah. I think that's probably what went on. The sauce was interesting because there was sauce on the bottom of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

Cart Styrofoam tray. But not on the top. Right. Right. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:25]

And so the final wings that I ate were actually pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:29]

I I traded Joe one of those for a Ponzu one,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

and I I definitely won that deal. Like, I I came out on top and he came out for a change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

And he acknowledged it. He he recognized that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

the the buffalo was a little subpar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

He wasn't even really there for that. Now, the ponzu had really great flavor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:49]

My observation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

just looking at the saucing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

there's something there's something chemically wrong with their buffalo sauce, because it doesn't stick. Uh-huh. That's why it was all at the bottom of the styrofoam. Because the ponzu sauce, that stuff stuck to everything. It stuck to the chicken, it stuck to the curly fries, it stuck to my mustache, it stuck to my fingers, it stuck everywhere. And I just had one of them. Nice. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:13]

if if anybody listening attempts it's just wings, you gotta do the Ponzu sauce. Absolutely, you gotta do the Ponzu sauce.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:20]

I agree. It was a very good sauce, and it's not something I would gravitate towards normally. No. It it is not something I would have chosen either. It's not something I would have chosen either. So my my next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:30]

sauce

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:32]

was on fried bone and wings. I actually thought that I ordered boneless wings, but I clicked the wrong button. Only Joe spotted it. But, know, it is what it is. You know, you you live and learn. You adapt and you overcome. So this was user error, not extra swings error. It was yeah. Correct. So good stuff. And it yep. Yeah. They honestly, they got the order perfectly right. Now there there were a limited number of variables here. Right? Like, you know, there's only so many ways you can mess this one up. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:57]

the the sauce I got was honey sriracha,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

and in the back of my head, I had the honey or the the, like, honey sriracha or buffalo sriracha, whatever it's called,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:06]

meatball sauce that I love so dearly at my favorite meatball place. And I would say that this place that I've ever heard of for those playing at home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

Oh, man. I'm sure that the meatball places has gotta be a thing. It's gotta be a thing across the world. Like, there are meatball places everywhere. In Chicago, there's probably, like, a meatball sandwich stand

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:25]

right next to the hot dog stand and the Italian beef, but, you know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:29]

I got I got a Chicago story to tell too, but I I think Later. Later. So so honey sriracha,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

the again, the sauce was legit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:37]

It again was a sticky sauce. It stuck to everything, and it was on those wings adequately.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:42]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

Now, those wings were fried.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

They also were a little dry, not as dry as the smoked ones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:49]

However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

the actual

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:51]

fry and the breading

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

was on point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

Was a it was a very solid done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:57]

fry. It was crispy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:59]

but not like burnt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:01]

It had, you know, good crunch. There was no, like, sliminess or sloppiness.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:06]

Oh, interesting. And that really, think, is that's the standard, right, for a good fried wing is that you've got enough crunch to give you that texture

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:14]

without going to the point of being hard, chewy, or burnt. And I think in that respect, they did it well. If I were to do this again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

I honestly would probably just order fried wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:24]

K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:25]

I would not order the buffalo. I'd do the ponzu, and I would order that honey sriracha again because I thought that honey sriracha was legit. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:32]

It's different than the Mimi's beet meatballs sriracha

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

sauces that they do, but it it's good. It's it's totally worth it. Now, I will say the curly fries, like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

Yeah. I I don't know, man. I was expecting a little bit of like, a good curly fry, want an exterior crunch with a warm,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

kinda moist inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:52]

and they were just, like, cold potatoes. That is all french fries, not just curly fries, Stan. Oh, no. That's not true. That's not true. No. If you go to McDonald's right after they pull them out of the fryer, that is the best french fry you will ever find.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:08]

You get a second by that one. Fry. Yes. I will. There's gonna be people who have issues with this, and I don't even know if it's gonna be Sanchez.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:14]

Who knows? Who knows? I would say the second best friend fry is Wendy's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

Okay? Now that that'll That definitely make people angry. Here's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

the problem with Wendy's. You get one mile down the road, and they're garbage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:27]

Alright? If you don't eat those suckers as soon as they hand them to you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:31]

you're missing your moment. And I think that's really the problem with most people in french fries. They miss the window of opportunity where the french fry is absolutely beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

Because they're driving home?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:42]

Yeah. Yeah. Now, if I recall, you don't like the ranch dressing from It's Just Wings. Right? So the ranch dressing flavor was wonderful. It was too thin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

This is interesting. I did not particularly enjoy it on the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:58]

the buffalo wing because there wasn't actually enough buffalo sauce there for me to get that, like, combination.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

I was not gonna put that on the honey sriracha because honey sriracha yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:07]

Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:08]

However, I felt like the even as runny as it was, and you're right, it was it was a thin ranch, that redeemed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:15]

the curly fries. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

So there you go. So friends, if you're listening at home, that ranch dressing is best used with your french fries. Don't let it touch your wings. Alright. Did you get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

the fried Oreos?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:29]

I didn't. Oh. I I waffled. Did you try this? Yes. You never said anything. I did try the fried Oreos on round two. Round two was decidedly worse than the first time I tried it, but I wasn't gonna tell you that so that I might scare you off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:43]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:44]

But the wings Tell me about round two. So round two, I went with the traditional buffalo sauce and ran into the exact same problems as you did. The smoked wings,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:55]

I got again, but they were dry, and the smoky flavor was not as good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:00]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:02]

then missus Kollmeyer got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:06]

she got smoked wings as well that time because the smoked wings were so good the first time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:11]

And she got

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:13]

I think it was a honey barbecue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:15]

So that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:17]

was a pretty good sauce. That was sauced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:19]

not great either.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:21]

Chef problem, and they were also dry.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:25]

So but we got the fried Oreos. Now there were lots of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:30]

batter on them,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:31]

so that is a minus point, but they were so delicious,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:36]

and they did not come with enough

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:39]

chocolate drizzle for them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

Oh, interesting. Because on the web page, they actually say that you could drink the chocolate drizzle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:47]

Because it tastes so good, but it was a very I small think the yeah. I think the implication there is that they give you enough that you could guzzle it. Mister Taylor, oddly enough, did not like the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:57]

the amount of batter as well. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:59]

I have actually fried an Oreo with my father-in-law before in order to just, like, experiment.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

So I've been down this road, and I know that you're not going in it just hoping to get a fried Oreo. Like, that batter outside of it, that's part of the game. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

This is a common occurrence, this fried Oreo concept in Indiana at the at the county and state fairs. Like, you will find these things. Sure. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

I it might have been a lack of good judgment on my part that I didn't order one. I probably should've just done it. But I was thinking to myself, like, I'm I'm doing I did 16 wings tonight, John. Yeah. That's a lot of wings. Yeah. And I had I had a few beers too. So I was I was counting calories thinking to myself, like, I don't really need to go to that new level. Right? Plus, I had an EL fudge for for lunch, so, you know, you you do the math. Right? That's just how it goes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

Well, if you go back,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:49]

definitely try them. I mean, they're definitely worth the price. They're I think it came with four of them and they were huge. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

This is kinda my whole takeaway. I think that this place as a whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

is not spectacular as far as wings go. I mean, I I like, I'm not I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that the worst wings I ever had by far. They're not. If you go to Buffalo Wild Wings right this minute, you will get a subpar wing compared to what It's Just Wings is serving up. However,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:20]

for cheaper, they could do better. No. They're a ton cheaper. I'd that price. Eight wings. Yeah. And I don't know if you look like you can go up in the number of wings you get. Yep. And and, like, it's just a good deal all around. So I I I totally endorse this as something as long as you're not expecting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

you know, top tier wings.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:37]

Finger smoked wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:40]

Well, yeah. You know, and I was thinking about that while while I was eating these because he was smoking wings this weekend.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

Hopefully, it's gonna be a a new video or blog post or something that he'll share with us, on his wing smoking experience. But all this has got me thinking about smoking my own wings or just grilling my own wings.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:58]

When was the last time you grilled wings, Stan? Oh, man. It's it's probably been over a year. Maybe a year and a half. I guess it's been a long time. Because your sauce was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

I don't know that I could re repeat my sauce. My sauce always started with butter and Frank's, and then I just started throwing stuff in. It was it was a Heinz 57 kinda deal, man. We just mixed it up, and we enjoyed it. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

Alright. Anything else on wings?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

No. No. I just wanna make sure that I got that done. I I felt like I was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

don't know. Slacking. I was I was lingering. And thanks to mister Taylor. He he called the audible. He texted me last night like, hey, you wanna do wings? So props props to mister Taylor for keeping me honest and on on schedule with the with the podcast. I'm glad you have friends who live near you, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:45]

I got I got at least one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:50]

So the main event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:52]

I you watched the Apple event today. Right, John? I actually watched the entire thing, which was shorter than expected.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

It was a lot shorter. It was actually just slightly over an hour, which,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:03]

I appreciate because I usually have to take a bathroom break somewhere in the middle of an Apple event. It just it just happens. I didn't have to your problem with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:10]

Endgame too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. That small bladder, and I take diuretics in my in my my pill routine, man. It's just it's it's par for the course.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

But I I think let let's maybe start with what we didn't get today because I think that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

I I don't know. I wouldn't say it's interesting, but I think it means that we've got more coming. Right? So first of all, there were the tags, the air tags, which have been,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

you know, prophesied forever. We didn't get those. In my opinion, it's not a big deal. I don't I don't actually care about those. And don't think I will ever buy one. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:42]

other the other one though, which I do think matters,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

is an Apple silicon Mac, which a lot of people, thought might make an appearance here. It did not,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

And that means that we're getting more Apple products before the end of the year, because they have they have said that they were going to release the first Apple Silicon Mac before the end of the year. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

Were you disappointed about on that one? No. I didn't expect it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

An iPhone event.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:06]

It it is. Yeah. And I I think that kinda keeps people level ground or, like, you know, just grounded in general.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:12]

I there was a there's a small part of me that thought that maybe they would either do that or announce the release of Big Sur, which I actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:20]

really badly want. So I was little disappointed that they didn't didn't toss that out there. I thought that would have been a good opportunity to release Big Sur.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

I guess they will probably do that when they announce the new Macs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:33]

Maybe. I mean, that would mean that they're coming soon, would think, because Big Sur has like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:38]

all the first six Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:41]

And they aren't gonna do,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:43]

like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:44]

so my guess is the first ten days of November.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

Do you think they'll do an actual event for the first Silicon Mac, or do you think that they will simply

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:55]

relegate it to a press release?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:58]

That's a good question.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:00]

So they talked about this at the spring event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:03]

Right. So it's gotten airtime.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:06]

So it could go either way, man.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:08]

It it could. I It depends on if they're doing more than just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

changing out the silicon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. I I would like to think that it would warrant its own event, but I think I think you highlighted an important part. They've covered the chips.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

If it's not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

more than the chips,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:29]

it's probably just,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:31]

I don't know, probably just a press release, which is kinda sad, honestly, like Yep. I want the Mac to have its its, you know, day in the day in the spotlight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:39]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:40]

I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:43]

Well, the other the other big room, and this one actually got delivered, was a cheaper or I prefer the term, but more affordable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:50]

HomePod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:52]

I think you are all in on the Alexa ecosystem. I have no smart speaker. However, I have invested a fair amount of money in Sonos speakers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

This was interesting because they're they're making some big bold claims about the quality of the sound in a small speaker. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

The things that are more interesting to me are, like, the intercom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

just some of the more robust Siri integration.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:18]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:21]

I I do use Siri. I am fully in the Apple ecosystem. I think that's where Alexa,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:26]

plus the whole, like, privacy concern Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:29]

Fell short for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:31]

This appears to cover that. The intercom thing is cool, at least for me, because I've actually looked at putting an intercom in my house, and they're stupid expensive.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

This this would actually be cheaper than a home intercom. Wait. I thought you were buying everybody Apple Watches so that you could use the walkie talkie feature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:46]

Who knows what's gonna happen first? At this point, it's it's anybody's game. Right? But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:51]

I I think I think this looks like an a novel little device. At a $100,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

it's definitely higher end. Right? This is not an Echo Dot by any stretch. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:03]

I could see myself getting one or two of these. Did this interest you at all? It does. My problem is, like, I don't know how many of my devices are actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:12]

HomeKit enabled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

because I've never set it up with HomeKit.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:15]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:17]

My guess is probably pretty few Right. If you were not buying for HomeKit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:21]

And and the the thing is, like, HomeKit requires a different grade of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

security coverage. Right? Like, just it it it's a it's a hardening factor.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

And so you pay for that. Right? Like, a HomeKit enabled device is a little bit more expensive than a regular

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:34]

smart Alexa enabled device. And so if you're not if you're not buying those, more than likely, it's not. Now I I overcame this. I I was in the Wemo ecosystem,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

and I bought a Wemo Bridge. I'm I'm actually not using hardly any Wemos right now for other reasons.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

But, the Wemo Bridge was HomeKit enabled and then brought, like, all of my Wemo ecosystem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

onto HomeKit. So there might be something like that for you. I don't know what all you're in on. I think for me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

I will only buy HomeKit enabled stuff from here on out, whether it's a camera or a outlet or a light bulb. But I made the decision opener.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:12]

Yeah. Yeah. Smart garage door opener. But I made the decision before this announcement.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:18]

So this is just icing on the cake for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:21]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:24]

I think that I have come to the realization

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:27]

that I will be moving this way eventually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:29]

and at a $100 price point. I mean, I don't use Alexa to listen to music that much. So, like, the music speaker capability isn't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:39]

the killer feature there for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:42]

So we'll see. I I wonder if it would be though if you had a better speaker. Because quite frankly, like, none of the Alexa speakers, even the original cylinder had a particularly fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

sound quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:54]

If you had a better speaker and I I don't doubt. I'd

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

whether or not this thing is as loud or as full featured of a sound as Apple says it is, I that remains to be seen. I don't doubt though that it's a pretty darn good speaker because as much as Apple and their executives love music,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

I don't think they would tolerate a lousy speaker. Right. I I just I just don't think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

At worst, it's gonna be too soft. That's my suspicion.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:20]

Which is a problem in your house, not so much in mine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:23]

Yeah. I mean, maybe. I mean, for for me, the thing is gonna be, can I use this to actually play sound on the Sonos that I've already invested in? Right. If I can, like, hook them all together in some way or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:34]

simultaneously

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

play

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

on them and the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

HomePod, then then it'll be fine. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

most likely, I'm gonna buy two of these. I'm gonna put one downstairs. I'm gonna put one upstairs. I'm gonna have some kind of intercom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:49]

set up so that I can yell at my kids. Please. Some point, you'll need one for your office too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Probably. I mean, I think that's that's totally fair. Although, you know, in this in this room, if I say, hey, dingus, because I'm not gonna say the actual name,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:01]

if I say that, you would not believe how many devices light up and and go, yeah. What's up, boss?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

Nice. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:10]

HomePod mini though looks like a relatively good deal as far as Yeah. At $99,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:15]

like, it's affordable, and it competes with the standard echo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

Yep. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

Alright. That was the opener. The real star of the show was the iPhone. We got four iPhones today.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:27]

We got the iPhone 12. That was the first one they showed. Yep. Then they shared the iPhone 12 mini,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:34]

which is just a slightly smaller version, screen size wise, of the 12. Yep. Then they went into the 12 pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:40]

and the 12 pro max.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:43]

the 12,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:44]

I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:45]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

funny. It was the headliner. I don't feel like it got as much attention. Although, I think it's a bigger deal than the 12 pro max.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

Because this brings a bunch of the stuff that was in the 11 pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

to the baseline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:59]

model, like the OLED screen. Right? And I that's a huge deal. You've heard me talk about how the OLED screen was a game changer for me. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

In terms of the rest of the device, the the shape has changed. We got some new colors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:14]

What else stood out to you? I mean, it's a faster processor. We're always gonna have a faster processor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:19]

Yeah. The display.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:23]

Basically, big display upgrade.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:25]

Yeah. More more pixels per inch as well as more nits. So that means you're gonna see less,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

less of the the gradedness or edginess of stuff. Like, text will look sharper. Right? It'll look more crisp.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

And then the nits, right, is the brightness. So the screen is gonna be even brighter.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

And and the the brightness really it's not important when you're at home, in bed, at night, reading.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:48]

Right? It's important when you're out in the sunlight and you're trying to take a picture. Yeah. Or be on the beach. Yeah. Whatever. You know? Like, it's it's more important for all of those other outdoor use cases.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:59]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:00]

I you know, this this screen's in a league of its own, man. There's there's really nothing to rival it. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:09]

We talked a lot about camera features, but those are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:12]

cooler in the Pro and Pro Max.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

Yeah. Upstream. I mean, I think one of the things that we saw, right, is aperture is getting better and zooms are getting better, which is which is to be expected. Right? I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

one thing that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:25]

that struck me today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

and they really hammered it home with the 12 Pro Max,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

this camera can be your camera

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

all around. Like, there there really is no reason for the average Joe, even the hobbyist, to have a DSLR at this point. Right. Like, that's that's not something you should be saving up for. You should just get a good iPhone. So the only I was thinking about this, and the only thing is I bought my entry level DSLR

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:52]

in,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:53]

what, 02/2009?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

Yeah. Yeah. So, like, that has lasted me eleven years. There's no way a phone will even last me eleven years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:03]

Oh, sure. Yeah. I think there's a difference in life. The the thing is I think you're replacing your phone regardless of your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

your DSLR,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

what, like, what's it's what it's doing. Sure. I I guess my my general take is, like, most people I think most people in our kinda consumer grade go to DSLR because they want an optical zoom. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:24]

And so they spend a lot of money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

They get a couple of of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

you know, zoom lenses, usually ones that have a range, and they're happy, But they're not doing anything else with it that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

really necessitates the DSLR.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:39]

And and now, between the fact that the iPhone has a wide angle, as well as a a pretty decent optical zoom,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

And then you couple that with some of the stabilization

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:49]

stuff, which is just out of this world, and the 12 Pro Max knocks that up to a whole other level with an actual, like, stabilization.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:56]

I don't even know what you call it. Right? Like, the the the sensor actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

shifts inside of the body of the phone like a DSLR. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

All

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

of those things to me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:06]

say that most people should just have this phone if they wanna take good pictures. Yep. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

other thing about it, right, is, like, the the most

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

powerful camera in your life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:19]

is the one you have on you when you wanna take a picture.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

Yeah. For less than the price of a body of a DSLR,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:25]

much less Yep. Lenses

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:27]

at these speeds.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

In you know, everything about this these are sharp cameras. The night stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

was unbelievable in the 11, and it looks like they only made it better. I mean, honestly, the night pictures that I've taken with my phone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:44]

do shame to the night pictures I've taken on my DSLR. And I'm I'm no I'm no, like, pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

you know, snapper by any shot, but I I also don't think I'm that bad. So I just I just really think that the iPhone has leveled up a notch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:59]

Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:01]

So what do you make of the the shape and the design? They talked about this like this is all new, and I found this quite hilarious.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:08]

Yeah. We've seen this before in the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:11]

what, iPhone four and five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:14]

Yeah. Slightly bigger. It's yeah. It's a it's a really great design. Right? It's basically the the squarish edges. Right? You've got a flat surface on the side rather than a total bevel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:26]

And I loved that phone. Right? The the fours and the fives. The the five is basically the four a little longer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:35]

it's just I don't know, man. There was something about the comfort and the grippiness of it. It was just a great phone. That was when I think of, like, my favorite iPhones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

I I hearken back to the four s, right, which had that shape. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:47]

I think that's when when the iPhone, like, broke out, really.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

And I'm glad to see them coming back with this layout. I think what's cool is they have made the screen bigger without making the body bigger, and the only

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:00]

way that you do that is by making that screen stretch even farther,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

and that's pretty cool. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:07]

And I imagine it will be is it thinner than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:11]

the five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:12]

I did not see

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

a thickness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:16]

My guess is it's thinner because I don't think they would go back

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:20]

to what that was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

Yeah. I don't know. We'll have to look into that. That's something I don't I didn't I definitely didn't compare it to the five. I I remember them saying that the form factor is exactly the same as the 10.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:32]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:33]

which I think is a is a good spot for them to be in in terms of, like, the the size and thickness and volume and all of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:40]

But, you know, it it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:43]

this is a beautiful device. The colors, I actually were intrigued by. So last year, in addition to the silver graphite or black, whatever they call it Space gray. The gold.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:54]

Yeah. Right. Last year was space gray. I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

I think this is silver and graphite this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

They last year, they rolled out a a dark green, and I didn't know how I felt about that. Green's not really my jam. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:06]

But they have a a blue

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

that looks beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:11]

Did you see this? I did. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:13]

if I pull the trigger on one of these, I think I'm gonna go blue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

Yeah. See, that's what I was thinking too. Alright. So let's let's let's jump to the heart of the matter because this really the only thing that that that, is important at this point. Mister Kolmeyer, you are currently sporting an iPhone eight. Is that correct? I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:31]

Alright. And your battery is sitting at a capacity maximum capacity of 85%?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:36]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:37]

You're feeling the pain a little bit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

but you generally don't use your phone. Are you thinking of upgrading, sir?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:44]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:45]

I am thinking about upgrading,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:48]

but that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:50]

doesn't mean a whole lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:52]

Alright. Coming from Now, if you look at these if you look at these four phones, you have the mini,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

the the standard, the 12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:59]

The Pro, which is the same size as the as the standard as the 12.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

And then you have the Pro Max, which has the fancy cameras.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

What are you thinking of getting if you were to get one? If you pull the trigger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:13]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:15]

in an ideal world, I think I would go with the pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

But What being me do mean by ideal world? Being me, seeing that the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

base model iPhone 12

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:29]

is at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:31]

$700.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:33]

Like or is that the mini?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:36]

They do have a few here. So $7.99,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:39]

so $800.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:40]

So that was cheaper than what I paid for my eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

Alright. And so $200

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:45]

more gets you the pro. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

I didn't happen to look. Do you know this offhand? What is the base storage for the 12?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

Base storage for the twelve,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:56]

Sixty four gigabytes. 64.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:58]

The base for the Pro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:00]

is double, one 28. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

that price, I mean, it's also getting you the three camera lenses. Right? The the 12 only has the What is really

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:13]

pulling me towards the pro?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:15]

I'll tell you what, man. I made the the the shift to the pro series

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:21]

with 10

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

at a time when the 10 r

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:25]

was looking really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

really appealing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:28]

And I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:29]

I and I think I told you this. I have had no regrets going pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:33]

I I hesitated to upgrade to the 11 because I thought, oh, just one more lens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

It's a game changer. That that having the wide angle and the optical zoom

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

is seriously awesome. It you just get some really fantastic pictures

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

without having to worry about, like, taking a step back or doing stuff like that. So I I can't I can't possibly upsell this phone for you enough.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:57]

In Pacific Plus twice the storage.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:00]

What was that? In Pacific Blue. Now storage is really important because what those cameras do with video.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

Well, yeah, video plus they also shoot raw Yeah. Which which we can come back to. But the video yeah. This was nuts. I'd like when I stop and think about what this the the implication of this and it's so funny because Apple talks about something that is mind blowing in a way that's like, oh, it's cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:24]

But but I don't know that the mind actually wraps around how significant it is that this thing shoots

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:29]

HDR

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:30]

video at four k and allows you to edit it. Yep. There there's no like, there's no device that does that. You can't do that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:39]

right now on a mobile device like that. Right? You're using a bigger camera. You're editing on a on a laptop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:44]

and all that's gonna be in the palm of your hand. So I've been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:48]

toying with the idea of experimenting with a YouTube channel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:52]

and I've been looking at, like, a GoPro as an entry level,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

thing. And that's just obsolete at this point with these cameras and being able to record it on your phone. Get yourself a nice phone gimbal, and you're good to go. Right? Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I I wouldn't even say it's obsolete. Like, this is in a league of its own. Right? So so your ability to shoot amazing video and you're right. You would you would need a gimbal, but I think I think everybody needs a gimbal in life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:17]

with your phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

But you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:22]

could not possibly buy another rig

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:25]

for for this price

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:27]

and and make the kind of quality video that you're potentially making. Like, it's just that good. And you know what else supports?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

Bluetooth. What? Which makes microphones really easy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

Oh, interesting. Didn't even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:40]

didn't even think about the implication of that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:43]

So, yeah, I would say, John, if you're if you're contemplating

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:46]

your lawn care channel, which we all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

all of us plebs who are doing lawn stuff like chumps,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:52]

are longing for, especially the short versions of your videos, John. Alright. Five minutes You or gotta you gotta get a 12 pro, if not 12 pro max, man. I think, actually, you could you could rationalize the 12 Pro Max if you could handle the form factor, which I think would be a little shocking to you. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

It's it's not as big as the pluses used to be in the hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:15]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

I don't like, the screen takes up the whole space, man. I just think that's a game changer when you're using it. So can I hold it up in selfie video mode and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:26]

I I mean Still hit the record button?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

I don't know why well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

like, okay. Everybody needs a gimbal and a selfie stick.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:37]

there's a wide angle lens, so that's more forgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

Well, that's that's true too. That's true. Yeah. And I'll say this Pacific Blue. Oh, man. It just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:47]

So this kind of you remember the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:51]

where were they? Was it the original iMac?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:54]

The colorful ones? Oh, yeah. The aqua? Yeah. So this kinda harkens back to that, but with this, like, futuristic feel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:01]

which we had with those,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:03]

but then those kinda look like Kool Aid commercials now. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

They do. There's there's something still nostalgic about them. But yeah. No. I'm with you. And they if you remember, those first came out with just blue Yep. Before they added all the other colors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

I I I'm actually excited. Apple is starting to introduce additional color to the entire line. The iPhone 12 had additional colors as well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

And I I I don't know. I just think that's nice. I think it's a nice,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

you know, way to ex I don't I feel stupid saying this. Express yourself, but Yeah. Just to choose something different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:35]

On the '12, the product red looks awesome. The blue also looks awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

Even the, like, the mint green this is what it looks like. Looks like a spearmint gum to me. Looks really solid. And I actually think their gold choice looks better too in the Yeah. The gold is looking more gold

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

Yep. And less Yeah. It looks cheap. Looks less chintzy. Right? You know?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

So all of this all this is a plus. Here's here's the other thing. We talked about this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:02]

you know, we had a group chat for our Apple event earlier this morning with friends and listeners of the show, you know, Aaron Fanker, Patrick Sturtevant, and your father-in-law, Mark Butohm, and we were talking about wireless charging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

And I I remarked that I used to be all in on the wireless charging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

I mean, was like, I was all in. I had multiple wireless chargers distributed to the house, and then I I told this story on this podcast. I went to jury duty one morning,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

and I got through security when I realized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

that I had 20%

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:32]

of battery left. My my phone was prompting to go into low power mode because I had set it on the wireless charger. It hadn't seated properly, and it didn't charge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:41]

And they brought back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

the MagSafe name. This is huge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:46]

It's huge. It's huge. I the MagSafe I was I was heartbroken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:51]

when MagSafe left the laptop. I understand why they did it. I don't agree with it, but I understood it. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:59]

as the listeners know, I now have a little puppy that likes to run around in my office while I'm working. The puppy does not avoid cords overly well and likes to climb into little corners.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:11]

So I almost had a laptop on the floor because MagSafe no longer exists on a laptop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:16]

Man, back in the day, I can't even tell you. When I was in college, I remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:20]

having,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:21]

the the first MagSafe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

I think it was in college. No. No. No. I must have been married.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

I definitely remember

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:28]

my laptops flying before MagSafe and the MagSafe being, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:33]

a safety measure. It was a it was a quality of life improvement,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

and it was just nice too. There's something so satisfying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:40]

about that little, like Snap. Click into place. Oh, I wonder how many different iterations

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

Steve Jobs went through to get that right. It oh, it it felt good every single time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:52]

And so what did Apple do? They took something that seems nice, like wireless charging, and they made it better. They put a little magnet in there, and so now your phone is gonna snap into place, and you're gonna know that it's actually charging. And I will never ever again go to jury duty

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:08]

without my phone charged.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

Now they're doing more than just charging with this MagSafe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:15]

There are accessories

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:17]

like cases Cool. That just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:20]

magnetically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:21]

attach to your phone so you don't have to deal with the stupid OtterBox where you put the two layers on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:28]

Now here's the thing though. You've you've never bought Apple cases before. Right? Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:34]

Did this did this interest you? Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:38]

Okay. Alright. Because I I I was trying to imagine you buying an Apple case. I've bought Apple cases pretty much exclusively for my phones over the years for two reasons. One, they're just high quality,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:51]

and and they've held up really well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:53]

The other the other reason is they've they're really low profile,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

and I don't wanna make my phone any bigger than I have to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:00]

So that's the other thing that they mentioned and spent some time on was this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

four times drop performance improvement with the new super

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:10]

strong

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:11]

glass

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:12]

clear aluminum.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

They're using yeah. Transparent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

aluminum is the Star Trek reference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

When when when Aaron Fanker dropped that and then corrected himself, did you get it right away? I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:25]

Sorry, man. I've now spent as many hours watching Star Trek as the two of you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:30]

Star Trek four may not be the best Star Trek movie, but it is is probably one of my favorites. I it is easily the one I've seen the most. And when Scotty is there revealing the secrets of transparent aluminum,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

and he's talking to the computer through the mouse. It's just one of my favorite scenes, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:47]

Hello, computer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

Every it never gets old. It never gets old. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:52]

So do you feel like you're more of a Scottie or more of a Geordie?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

Oh, I'm definitely more of a Scottie. See, here's the thing. Geordie is too by the book. Yeah. Right? Too proper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

Yeah. Relic summarizes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:05]

the the episode Relics summarizes exactly who I am in life and my strategy for winning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:12]

You

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:13]

didn't tell him the actual time it would take you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:18]

That

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

episode is full of such great quotes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:22]

So they they did some, like, ceramic craziness with this with this glass. Now, this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

there were a couple of things, to be honest, that are gonna drive me towards this 12 Pro Max phone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

You add more pixels per inch. You add more nits. I'm I'm on board because the screen has driven me this way

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

constantly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:41]

You improve the quality of the camera.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

I'm also there because that's that's also like my other, like, thing. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

I'll I'll be completely honest. I've told you this before. I think the glass on the 11 Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:54]

stunk. It was garbage. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

It didn't break on me, but it scuffed, and it has worn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

the little, like, everyday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

scratches

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:04]

so much worse than other phones I had. To this day, the only phone that I've broken the glass on has been the eight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:11]

But this one is just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:13]

worn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

in a way that I never anticipated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

my iPhone wearing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:19]

And it's funny too because I didn't use a case from from really the the original iPhone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:25]

probably up through the five. I didn't wear use a case at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:31]

And I started using them, I figured it's slippy in the hand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:34]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:35]

yeah. So if this if this screen is just a smidge better,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

I'm on board.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:43]

So I had a four s

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:46]

that suffered from battery swell,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:49]

and the glass broke on that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:51]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:53]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:55]

I don't think I've broken any other phones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

The eight, broke the first week I had it. Yeah. It slid slid off my sink and landed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:04]

on the my tile

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

face down and just shattered,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:08]

and it looked awful. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:11]

What are you gonna do? Yeah. But that phone was just it was so stupid slippery, man. It it just went wherever it wanted on its own. I would, like, set it on table and watch it move, you know. It had a life of its own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:22]

I I hope I hope this ceramic stuff that they push is legit. I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:28]

I'm honestly a little skeptical.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:29]

One of these days, we'll get to a phone that doesn't need a case.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

Yeah. I'd like to go back to that. I'd like to go back to that. Honestly, I would chance it, and and and sometimes so I mentioned this when we were we're texting. These phones are all I p 68 now. Like, they're as waterproof as you're gonna get. Yep. I will routinely, when I'm out and about, because, you know, COVID. Right? I come inside, and my my phone is the thing that I touch even when I have a mask on. And so my phone is, like, my most contaminated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

thing in my life. Right? So I come inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:01]

and I go to wash my hands. And after I'm done washing my hands, I actually take the whole phone and I just scrub it, soap and all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:07]

under the sink, and then I set to the side and dry it off. And when I do that, I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

like, if I leave the house,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

I will actually take it out of the case. Because the case is a little bit more of a hassle to wash. So I don't know if the case is doing much for me anymore, but this back, I'm showing you this. The the listener can't hear, but this back is still pretty slippery,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:25]

and I would love just a little bit more resistance on that thing. If they do that in addition to a ceramic screen, I may go back to not using a case. I think the only thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:35]

the only other problem is we still have a camera bump. And as long as we have a camera bump, this thing can't lay flat on the desk.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

I don't know that it matters as much for the phone as it does for the iPad,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

but, you know, I'm I'm willing to give it a shot.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:49]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:50]

On that note, anything else that came out of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:54]

event today?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:56]

Nothing that jumps out of me, but I I wanna be clear. Right? So the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

12 and the 12 Pro, so the ones that are I think it's 6.1 inches

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:05]

screen wise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:07]

Those are ready for preorder the day after this podcast drops.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:11]

So it's two days from now. Know a lot can change.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:14]

But are you going to attempt to preorder?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:18]

You're just not gonna do the preorder period? No. I won't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

It's just not not into the hype or what's the deal?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:26]

So right now, I'm not convinced that I'll get one at all. If I do, it will probably be in December.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

So Okay. Alright. Well, there you go. So I will I will just show my cards here. I was debating on the larger phone, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

the larger phone doesn't take preorders till November 6.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:42]

Yeah. So my my determination between now and Friday is, do I actually want the Pro phone?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:48]

Does missus Lemon want an upgrade? Today, was telling me no.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:53]

So missus lemon should

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:56]

you should talk up the camera features

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:59]

because she's been very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:01]

active on Instagram this month.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:03]

She has. She has. I will tell you, she will not go for the pro max. I guarantee you. She actually was interested in the the the 12 mini, which is also November 6 preorder.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

So we'll see. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:16]

Alright, John. On that note, I think that, my friend, is an episode. Hopefully, Elizabeth made it with us all the way to the end of all the Apple talk, and we

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:27]

await

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:28]

Sanchez's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:29]

rebuttals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:30]

Oh, yeah. Can you can you imagine? I'm I'm sure you'll be like, Samsung and Android have had this since 02/2002.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:37]

Just just watch. Dan says we love you. Alright. I'm at No John. It's been great, man. This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:47]

your hands and wear a mask.

