---
title: Top 10 Non-Apple Tech Around the House
episode: 129
date: '2021-04-08T14:02:06.000Z'
slug: top-10-non-apple-tech-around-the-house/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, this is life with a twist of lemon this week. I'm Stan Lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

I'm John Colmeier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:31]

And what are we gonna talk about today, John?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

So that was the question, wasn't it? It was. We had one thing on the list that I don't even know if we're gonna talk about because he says he said it's lame.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:43]

So I went to the interwebs and I asked what our listeners

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:48]

want us to talk about, and I think we have at least three episodes of ideas out of that. Yeah. And this is perfect. I would rather talk about things like this that were suggested to us than us

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:59]

sit here and ramble about what I'd put on the list, was Apple Card email address preferences and trying to get it to update, which is actually, in hindsight, a really really boring and painful story. So we're gonna What percentage of the population actually has Apple Card that this would apply to? Oh, I mean, it's a small percentage, but the percentage of people with the Apple Card and with this problem is probably even less. Suffice it to say, had a bad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:24]

AppleCare support story

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

this past week, but I'm not gonna talk about it today because we've got better things to talk about. That's that's what it comes down to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:31]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:32]

So So before we jump in, real quick, did you get any feedback about last week's episode, our April fools episode with all of our advertising?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:41]

my father said that he chuckled a little bit. Okay. That's good. That's progress.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:45]

Your daughter thought it was hilarious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

Well, I am the funniest person in her life. Mark Buto,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:53]

in true Mark Buto fashion, complained.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

Anything else? He's also the one who suggested that we talk about Marvel TV shows.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:01]

So Did he really? He put that on the list? Yes. He did. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:06]

alright. Well, it is it is what it is. But today,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

what how how do you wanna skin this cat first? Like, where do you wanna go?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:14]

Well, I think that the bulk of the episode is going to be responding to Daniel Sanchez's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:20]

suggestion. Sanchez,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:21]

as we know and love him as,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

our top 10 favorite non Apple tech

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:28]

around the house.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:29]

This is tricky. Both. This is really tricky. I had a hard time coming up with 10. I think I got eight pretty easily, and then the last two are kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:38]

Now before we be we jump into this, is your list from best to worst or worst to best?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

Or loved Random. Least loved. Random? Okay. Well, this is gonna be true. You're not that organized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

I it I didn't think I'd be able to come up with 10, and then I came up with 10, and then I was like, oh, I need to order them. And that was where the real challenge came. So mine are actually in order. And I was I was trying to debate, like, how do we wanna do this where we start with our our tenth favorite, and then work our way down to number one, we go back and forth. What do what do you think? Should we do that? Alright. I can probably

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

do that off the top of my head. Okay. Alright. So the the question is what was our what's our top 10 non Apple tech favorite top 10? You know, like, what what devices do we love that Apple did not make,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:21]

which really means not our Macs, not our iPhones, not our iPads, although you don't have an iPad, not our AirPods.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

The Apple TV is never gonna be on that list. Not the HomePod. Yeah. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

you know, I think this is a good question for us because we we are I think we're Apple nuts. I I'm definitely an Apple nut unequivocally. Right? Yes. And I think there's definitely this perception that we just will buy whatever it is that Apple makes, and we won't buy outside the ecosystem. And that's not totally true.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:47]

We buy a lot of stuff out of the ecosystem. And you'll buy pretty much everything they make.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:51]

Everything that Apple makes? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

It so let's have that conversation when the next Apple TV comes out because I think that's where the real question mark is gonna be. Alright. Sounds

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:03]

You're mostly true. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:06]

What what is your top 10? You can insert the drum roll here. What is your tenth favorite

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

non Apple tech?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:14]

So this is kind of iffy, like, we didn't define tech well. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:20]

my tenth, which may or may not count, is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:23]

my bona vita electric kettle, which I use every day to make coffee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

Okay. I I think this counts. I think this is a totally fair one to put on here. It's it's obviously the weakest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

of your list, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:37]

it's I mean, it is a important

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

and critical piece of electronic equipment. It did not make my list. I think we have the same kettle. Do we not? We do. And I was actually looking at Amazon,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

and it turns out that this space

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:52]

has much more competition than it did when I bought this, or maybe I received this as a gift. But either way, there are a whole lot more kettles

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:01]

that look like they provide

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

decent functionality

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:05]

to exact temperature specifications now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

Alright. Now are you tempted by any of those, or is your bona vita, like, still your go to here? Mine is mine is still working. Hasn't rested on me yet. Okay. And if I recall right, you do an Aeropress every morning. Is that right? Yeah. So Aeropress, do almost every day. Occasionally, I will throw the Chemex in there. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

When we bought our kettle use it for tea. Yeah. We we we use ours quite a bit for tea. When when we bought ours, we were doing a Chemex every day. Occasionally, a random v 60. Right? So these are all

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

truly precision pour

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

type

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:41]

brews. Right? Where you are using the gooseneck on the kettle to to put a very specific amount of water in a very specific place as you're as you're going around in a circle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

The beauty of this kettle, think, is you have a digital,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

like, temperature setting, right, with buttons, and you can choose the temperature that you want, and then you can also say, hey, hold it there. And if you're doing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:02]

you know, good quality coffee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:05]

you want it to be at a very specific temperature. You don't you know, you're not just like, oh, it boils, and then you make coffee. Right? Because you could you could burn, and that does, I think, impact

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

the the flavor of the beans. Oh, it absolutely does. If you're using beans that had flavor to begin with. Well, there you go. And that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

that's what most people who don't understand making coffee in this way, don't do. Right? They just they just get whatever, Folgers. And and you know what, like, that's your jam, I'm not here to knock on Folgers today because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:31]

there there are definitely moments in my life where a cup of coffee is a cup of coffee. Hey. They saved me during my ten days without power back in August, where I brewed some Folgers coffee

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

after I heated water on my grill. Yeah. So, again, not here to judge. What did you do before the bona vita?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:49]

So I just had, like, a mister coffee drip coffee maker before that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:55]

I had another electric kettle that I actually had an actual temperature in for a couple months after I got the AeroPress. Because with AeroPress, you brew at, like, one seventy five, which is super low

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

because there's the additional pressure element there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:10]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:12]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:13]

think my in laws loaned me an electric kettle that they weren't using that I would just heat up to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:20]

a basic thermometer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

Now is Anna the primary tea drinker, or do you drink tea as well?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:27]

I drink tea during the winter when it's cold Okay. Fairly regularly, multiple times a week, not every day. Missus Lemon drinks tea. Now lately, we we've got a a fancy coffee maker. It did not make my list, but yeah. Well, that's another discussion for another time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:42]

And she uses the Bonavita all the time. I think suffice to say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

I I find this a totally satisfactory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:47]

non Apple tech selection.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:50]

I well, keep I'm sure Danjes will let you know whether or not this is what he Well, had in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:55]

he should have defined his qualifications better. Hey, you know what? This is he's he's a recovering Android user. Cut him some slack.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:01]

Alright. You ready for my number 10? Number 10. Go. Yeah. Mine was the Nintendo Switch. Oddly enough, didn't make your list at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:08]

Correct. Surprised me a little bit. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:11]

almost moved this up. I decided

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:13]

gaming, as much as I love it, is not, like in the critical path of my life. I think I could live without my Switch. I could also live without my Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

But I I really I've said this many times. I think the Nintendo Switch is a fantastic device with some of the best intellectual property

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:29]

in gaming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:30]

And I love the fact that it is multiplayer,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:33]

it's portable, but it can also be on the big TV. I just think all around, this is a really great non

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

Apple tech product.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:41]

That's fair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:43]

I will say that I think the Switch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:45]

kinda feels

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:47]

fragile to me when I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:49]

hold it in my hands,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

and I hardly use my Switch right now. I do need to go back and beat Mario Odyssey because that is an epic game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:00]

But yeah. I I don't know if I think it's fragile. I think it definitely it doesn't have that like the sturdiness you might expect from say an iPad. Right? Yeah. But we're also like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

there's games that five year olds will pick up and play or something like that on the Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:16]

And I can tell you that my kids abused the Switch. Right? I mean, the amount of food that's caked on there and probably boogers and other stuff, like, it's legit, and the thing is still still holding up. I I just I just come at this from the angle of it is both a portable and a stationary Yeah. That's big screen device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

It supports multiplayers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

Like, all five of us can play Smash Brothers together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:39]

And again, you go back to the intellectual property, and I and I think as awesome as some of the games are on both x

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

and PlayStation,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

Nintendo has got some of It's not Mario. It's not Mario. Right? And you know It's Pokemon. Yeah. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:52]

They've got some of the most beloved characters. Right? Yep. And, you know, Breath of the Wild is another great example of just like an awesome

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:00]

game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:01]

and and that made it number 10 for me. So And Master Chief just isn't Link from Zelda.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:07]

No. It's it's not. It's not. Alright. What's your next one, John? Now, you don't have 10, so I don't even know what to count. I don't have 10?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

Do you have 10? Hold on. Let me count. One, two, three, four I have a 10. 567-8910.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:20]

Okay. You do. Alright. What is your number 9, John? So my number 9, I will go with my key move mechanical keyboard.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:27]

Interesting. You are relatively new to the mechanical keyboard world too, aren't you? About a year when I started when I needed to update my office so it was actually usable for eight hours a day during work.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:38]

I ended up getting the mechanical keyboard

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:41]

and a mouse pad and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:43]

mouse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

So what what is it about this keyboard that you like so much more than the one you had before?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

So I didn't have an external keyboard before, but I really like the way it feels. My hands never hurt even if I'm typing a lot,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

and it lights up with cool colors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

Do you feel like you can detect like, do you bottom out? Do you know what I mean when I say bottom out? I do. Yeah. Okay. So basically, you hit the key and you hit all the way down to the bottom.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:11]

With a mechanical keyboard, you have a switch, and you can actually feel the pressure of when the the key has engaged, which is not when it bottoms out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:20]

And and so part of the idea is, like, you can detect

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:24]

and not put that extra pressure on your joints. Is that But I do that. You do. Maybe

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:31]

with the space bar, that happens.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:34]

I don't the my mechanical keyboard did not even

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

cross my mind to be on this list, and I've been a mechanical keyboard nut for a lot longer than you have. Yep. But okay. I I respect it. I respect it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:47]

My number nine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:49]

should surprise nobody because I kinda set this up as the Xbox Series x. I've never had an Xbox before. You were already in this ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:56]

I wouldn't say I was in the ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:59]

I bought the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:01]

first one back Okay. In 02/2006.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

Okay. That's something. Right? Like, I I don't know that I'd ever even tried an Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:10]

The number of times I'd played on a PlayStation four

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:13]

prior to buying my Xbox, I could count on one hand. Right? I've never played on a PS four.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

I own a PS two, and I think I played on the PS three shortly after it came out. Literally, there's this huge gap. I had a Super Nintendo and then a GameCube, and I barely played the GameCube, and then, I guess, twenty years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:32]

Right. It's painful to say it out loud, but twenty years, and then I got the Xbox Series x.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:37]

I did not anticipate liking the games that I do like. Like, I never thought I would get an Overwatch, but I'm all in. I like the game a lot. I think it's it's a pretty awesome system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:47]

I enjoy the controller. I know that's like a that's a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:52]

sketchy thing to say, especially for any, like, diehard, but I like the controller. I'm enjoying my new headset. I I just think it's a great piece of equipment. And honestly, when you compare the amount of computing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:03]

power in this box,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

I think it's a pretty good deal for the money.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:08]

Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:11]

And then with Game Pass

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:13]

now, you haven't actually

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:15]

dove into this at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:17]

I've I've looked through the store. I've not actually played anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:21]

But there is a ton of games

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:23]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:24]

are just included with your $15 a month subscription,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:29]

unless if you pay annually.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

Yep. And I pay it annually. I I know I've got a whole bunch of stuff that I'm not even tapping yet,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:36]

but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:37]

I'll get there eventually. I'll get there eventually. So alright, John. Number eight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

Number eight.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

Now I gotta look through and decide what I wanna put at eight. I think I will go with my TP Link outdoor smart plug.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

So I didn't even know you had this. I was hesitant to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:54]

put

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:56]

smart plugs on the list because I don't love the majority of mine because usually, like, the connection will drop or something stupid like that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:04]

But I have this outdoor one that is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:07]

plugged into the only outlet on the outside of my house by the deck sliding door.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:13]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

there are work lamps that hang underneath my deck.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:17]

And this has been a lifesaver

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:20]

since having a dog.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:22]

Alright. Well, there you go. So if the dog has to go out and it's dark outside,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:28]

we tell

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:29]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:30]

Echo to turn on the backlights

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:33]

and on the go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:34]

I can also control it from my phone, and it hasn't installed the apps to control it from her phone yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:40]

But it has been very helpful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:43]

Two plugs outdoor, so it survived all winter,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:47]

and pretty great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

Good deal. You ought to send me a link to this because I don't think I have any

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:54]

outdoor smartphones at this point. This profile is going to be larger than what you want.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

Okay. Alright. Well, that's good to know. I'm still curious. I'm still curious. Now, it's funny that that you mentioned number,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:07]

this is eight as your TP Link outdoor smart plug, because my number eight is also TP Link product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:13]

It's the TP Link AC

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:15]

4,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:16]

smart WiFi router. There's this is there's new models of this, but basically, this is a six antenna,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

single station

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

router.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

I love this thing. I get amazing speeds throughout the house. They are reliable and consistent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:32]

And honestly, like, TP Link has a pretty solid experience

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:35]

from the administrative side, a pretty decent app.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

I'm I'm all around really happy with TP Link's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:42]

product.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

And this was an expensive router. This is probably, when I bought it, the most expensive router that I had bought at the time, I think I came in just under 200. I think it was, like, $180.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

But, you know, this is one of those devices I think,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

you use it all the time. You you will use your router more than you will your smartphone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

and it does not make any sense to go cheap

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

on your router. And so I didn't, and I haven't regretted it at all.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:12]

And for our listeners who have been around long enough, this is what you went with after such the terrible experience trying to set the Orbi up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

Yeah. I had a lousy experience with the Orbi, and I I don't know. Like, there's so many things that might have been at play there, but it it did not work for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:30]

And and before that, my router had been dying. I had a Asus that I actually enjoyed for quite a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:36]

But, you know, these things, they run hot. They run all the time. They don't last forever. And I think if you've had your router

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

for, let's say, three, four years. Right? Like, you are your your antennas probably are not at tip top shape, and that's just something to keep in mind. Right? So I'll be at two years here in July, and I'm not saying I'm gonna replace it, but, like, you know, the clock is ticking. So Do you think that most people just use whatever their ISP gives them? I think they probably do, which first of all, it's it's low quality hardware. You can't guarantee you're first person to use it. And second of or third of all, whatever, you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

know, if you get your Internet set up and ten years later, you still have the same device, like, that is a genuine piece of garbage.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:13]

So I actually I've I've turned off the WiFi on the AT and T provided device, so that I'm I'm just hoping it lasts longer. Right? Because just having a wireless on, you got a whole bunch of heat that's that's going on there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:27]

alright, John. What do you got for number seven?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

Seven, I think we're at.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:33]

So I'm gonna put the Kindle at seven.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:35]

Which Kindle do you have, John? I have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:39]

I think it's the most recent generation Paperwhite.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:42]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:43]

I'll be honest with you. I was surprised this made your list at all because you don't like reading on devices. You are always talking about reading actual books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

So I do like reading actual books.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

The library has really helped me out with the Kindle, and I like

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:58]

the Paperoid specifically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

I like to like, now we're getting into sit outside on the deck season,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:04]

and that's gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

where I do most of my Kindle reading.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

It's also

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

if I travel, which hasn't happened for a long time really,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:14]

I'd rather take the Kindle than take three books. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

Now the funny thing about this is my number seven was also my Kindle paperweight. I do like like, I only read on the Kindle or or sometimes the app. But So, yeah, I I think the Kindle is definitely

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:29]

a cool piece of technology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

I would have expected it to be higher on your list,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:36]

I think because that's you use it more than I do. So here's the reason why I didn't. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

I moved between my my physical Kindle, my iPad, and my iPhone reading a book all the time. And so as much as I use my Kindle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

I I'm not even gonna sit here and tell you that it's like 75% of my reading time is on it. Maybe it's 50.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

Like last week, it was actually probably less. I found myself reading on my phone more. I I read on whatever is the most convenient device.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:03]

I like the Kindle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

I have been spoiled by the iPhone with the OLED screen because of the the true blacks. Right? So when I'm in bed, actually, I find that to be a more comfortable reading experience. Whereas, again, on the deck, I would much rather read rather read on the Kindle itself. So Right. I will probably be shifting to using the Kindle more. I love the device. I think the reason it didn't go higher on my list is I'd probably be okay without it, to be totally honest with you. Yeah. If you're reading the same thing on three different devices at a time. But but, like, all that said, I it's a it's a really fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:38]

single purpose device, and it is an awesome reading experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:41]

I would not recommend the base model. I think the paper white is a sweet spot in terms of that that whole category of device.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

So we tied there. Yep. My number six is the Xbox Series x,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:55]

which we covered as your number nine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:59]

You anything else you wanna add to it? Yeah. I think mine is just higher up because I think I use it more. I think I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:05]

probably more of a gamer than you are. I'm more invested in the gaming experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:10]

And, yeah, it's just crazy fast how fast loading screens and things like that are, like, compared to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:18]

really the first gen of the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:23]

big gaming systems.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

Yeah. It's it's an unbelievable device. I would agree. You are definitely more into gaming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:29]

I you like storytelling in gaming, whereas I usually am like, let me unwind for fifteen minutes, then go do something else. So we've got very different purposes when we go into it, but I think Hey. I will say With the both of Tetris and the hardware. I have been very much into Tetris effect, which is available on with your Game Pass subscription.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

And that's just Tetris, man. So Alright. I listen. I I need to check that out. That's I gotta I gotta make that a priority. Maybe I'll do it before we record again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

Next on my list was my sense energy monitor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

which I think This is cool, and I've been too cheap to buy. Yeah. It's it's not a it's not a cheap piece of equipment. So, basically, on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:04]

your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:06]

your circuit breaker or your your electrical box, rather, onto the mains, you put these clips.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

Right? And then you attach into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

an actual breaker slot this this monitor. It's also that you could do at home, buy on your own,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:20]

if if you have any kind of electrical competence. A lot of people,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:24]

with good reason, get an electrician to install it. I installed my own because I, believe it or not, have some electrical competence.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:31]

And I've witnessed this. Yeah. And so what it does is it monitors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:35]

your electricity usage, and not just your total draw,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:39]

but it will actually, like, start identifying the frequencies

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

that like, the electrical frequencies of each thing that's going across the wire,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:47]

and start to sort out, like, of your total draw, how much of it is your air conditioner, or how much of it is your refrigerator.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

And so when I pull up the app for the Sense energy monitor, I can actually see, like, oh, my refrigerator is running right now, or my oven, my electric oven just turned on, or somebody left the lights on in the basement, and I can attach an an alarm to, like, let me know that those lights got flipped on, and they've been on for two hours now or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:08]

I nerd out about this data. I think it's it's just a it's a cool device. I appreciate that level of insight, and I've been able to make adjustments into what we do. I've also been able to say, like, oh, the air conditioner doesn't actually cost me that much if I lower it one degree more. Or, you know, like, to quantify that in a meaningful way, and to see it in real time. So I I love I love the sense. I'm I use the app all the time just to nerd out and see what's going on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:35]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:37]

What about you, sir? Are we at now? Number five?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:40]

I think so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:41]

So number five, I put my Roku TV on there. It's a TCL

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:47]

65 inch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:49]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:51]

I like this for the picture quality,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:53]

the sound quality,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:54]

just out of the box. I don't have any soundbar or anything yet, but the sound is pretty amazing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:00]

The gaming capability switching to HDR mode automatically when my Xbox turns on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:06]

and Apple HomeKit integration.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:09]

That Apple HomeKit integration is a lot better than I expected it to be when they first rolled it out. So, yeah. I think you did you buy your Roku TV on my recommendation?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

You recommended the brand. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll get to Roku TV a little further down my list, but I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:27]

I think it was just a great product. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:30]

next up on my list, number five, is my ecobee,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

which I think is also on your list. I don't wanna spoil where it's at, but I have two. I have one for each of my floors. I have a more recent model downstairs with Alexa support, which I do not use because I am not in that ecosystem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:47]

I do use HomeKit integration on it, and I I don't know. I I've used the Google Nest before at rentals, and I'd never liked it. I I it felt clunky to me. The Echo b to me makes sense, and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:59]

I I cannot

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:01]

express enough how much I value being able to adjust this thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:05]

when I'm not home.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:07]

Because I, you know, I never remember, like, when we go on vacation to turn off the air conditioner, to turn, you know, to a higher temper or whatever, and I can control all of that. I can also say, like, if we're down, you know, visiting my in laws on a winter day, and we wanna get back to a warm house, I can get that sucker start up when we leave, so that it the house is nice and toasted when we get back. It's just a I think it's just a really robust,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

well done

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:29]

piece of equipment, and their customer support

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:32]

is top notch. We actually talked about that on an episode before, if you remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

when they replaced the one unit I have. Like, this is just a great company, and and you should buy their products if you don't have them. They're easy to install too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:44]

So I think that your problem with the Nest is probably what my problem with the Nest would be as we both like having more control

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:51]

than

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:52]

the Nest

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

provides us. Yeah. And ecobee is starting to toy a little bit with, like, some more automated adjustments and stuff. Yep. And and they thus far, they work pretty good. But I yeah. I don't I don't want someone just randomly changing the temperature of my house on me, you know? Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:10]

So But, yeah. That is also on my list. But Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

Closer to the top. What's your number you're on number four now. Right? I'm on number four. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

this was just a random Amazon purchase to solve a problem, and it was the Refoss smart garage door opener.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:28]

So this is a unit that connects to your basic garage door opener out in the garage that actually lifts the door,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:34]

and this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:37]

makes it smart. So there's an app that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:41]

alerts me if the garage door is still open at 09:00 at night or if it's been open for fifteen minutes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

And I can open and close it from the app. I can open and close it from the Amazon Echo.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:54]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:55]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:56]

I think this is a reason I have not had a bicycle stolen or anything like that for leaving the garage door open overnight.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:03]

So I'm looking at this. Did this thing really only cost you $30?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:07]

It was relatively cheap.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:09]

If I pull up Amazon, I can probably see what I paid. And so it'll work with an existing garage door opener?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:17]

Yeah. So it's just like if you were hooking up

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:20]

another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:21]

controller,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

and then just this up there. You do need power. You do need an open power slot next to the opener.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:30]

Well, I am going to add You should look

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

to see if there's a a HomeKit enabled one. It says home works with HomeKit right here. Oh, nice. Might be an updated version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:43]

yeah. This

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:45]

I'm definitely intrigued by this. I don't have a smart garage door opener. It's something that I have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

coveted many a time. So I'm gonna add this to my wish list, and I will check this out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

So, yeah, that's been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

a lifesaver.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

So my number four were my Nanoleaf

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:06]

bulbs that I just got for the lamps in my master bedroom. I recently wrote a review about this on my website. I would I would just point there, like, that's a great rundown of what they are. But these are HomeKit enabled smart bulbs that happen to use the Thread protocol,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:21]

which I explained in the article, but just just to say it's like a it's a protocol that's not WiFi

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:27]

designed specifically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:29]

to do this type of stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:31]

with other devices like a HomePod. So the fact that I have a HomePod upstairs, it's able to leverage the proximity to that, and they are so quick and so responsive. I've had smart plugs throughout the house before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:41]

Sometimes they'll say, you know, hey, Dingus, go turn on this, and I gotta wait a bit. Right? And these nano leaf bulbs, they could not possibly respond faster.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

They also have the full color gamut, so I can adjust the color based upon, you know, like, how much blue light I want, and I've got some automation that, like, warms my room up in the morning. I I and that that really is a game changer too just how I start my day. So I'm I'm a big fan of those.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:05]

Number three.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:07]

Put my Roomba here, and this is another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:10]

pet

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:11]

specific thing. Like, I don't know if this would be this high on my list if I didn't have a golden retriever who sheds like crazy. Was this your first smart

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

or like robot vacuum? It was.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:24]

And which Roomba did you get?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

So it's the iRobot

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

something or other. It's a couple years old.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

You don't remember the number? No. Like I could probably look. I seven maybe?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

I have no idea. Okay. Well, while you're looking that up, I'd love to know because I have a shark,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:43]

home cleaner did not make the cut on my list for reasons, which I've also talked about on this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

I think I generally recommend it, but I probably would would pony up for a Roomba at this point if I were doing it again. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:58]

My number three. I bet you didn't see this one coming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:00]

My Boom from Ultimate Ears.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:03]

Is that the outdoor speaker? It is the outdoor speaker. So I bought this,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:08]

gosh. I guess it was last summer. And I've I've tried a ton

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:12]

of different speakers over the years. I think I actually bought this from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:17]

from Boom or from Ultimate Ears rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:20]

I've tried a bunch of different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:22]

speakers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

over the years outdoors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:25]

with very poor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

results. Right? So they're either not loud enough or they don't have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

the right sound quality. There's just a bunch of bunch of things that can

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:34]

compromise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:36]

what you're hearing. I got a Boom three,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:38]

which works over Bluetooth, which I was also very skeptical about, and it is absolutely fantastic. It's great sound quality.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

I have it out there all the time playing music, and I just I really like it. It's just a great

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:49]

little device to listen to music outside.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:52]

Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:54]

You're never one of those. You should. Honestly have any speakers outside.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:58]

This is the only one I had that's outside. I've thought about buying another one, and supposedly, they'll work in pairs or something like that too. It's just I I don't know, man. The it's not big.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

It's got it's like some, you know, water resistant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:12]

and it just it does one thing exceptionally well, and it's good audio quality. I mean, for out outdoor music. So Nice. I think with you and your grill and smoker setup, you absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

should have some kind of way of listening to music out there. I should. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:28]

Number two is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:30]

my router system, the Eero. So I have three units mesh WiFi system,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:35]

and I literally use it all the time. Everything except for my electric kettle depends on this in some way, shape, or form.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:43]

Oh, there you go. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:46]

I have heard nothing but good things about the Eero. I thought about getting one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:50]

I went Orbi. Maybe that was a mistake. Maybe if I got an Eero, I'd I'd have one. So Maybe. I don't know if they were working well with the Sonos either, though. Well, and that was that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:00]

that was what killed the orb before me. And funny enough, that's my number two, John. It's my Sonos. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:07]

it's specifically the Sonos one. So I bought these Sonos ones la like, probably a year and change ago,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:15]

and they had AirPlay two support or whatever it is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

And I I bought two of them. They're both on the Main Floor. They're on opposite ends of main floor. Great sound quality. They work seamlessly together.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:27]

And I honestly, like, I'm even able to tell the HomePod to play in conjunction with them altogether. So all three of those these devices

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

will will mix a song through my main floor. And I I like having music on. Right? So I I like to listen to a lot of, blues and jazz around the house, and I'll just put that on and have it Blues

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

and jazz.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

Rebecca Black.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:49]

Well Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

Alright. Not not gonna lie about it. Those are all my secrets. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:55]

they're I think they're just loud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:57]

You know? I do play music loud.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:00]

Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:02]

Maybe maybe she's good. You remember what? You did have that whole Christmas playlist. You have make a Christmas playlist every year and have that planned for a month. I do. Yep. Yeah. And for for me, the thing and this is non Apple tech, but for me, the thing that really won me over with the Sonos one, because I had a Sonos before this, is being able to do everything from iTunes seamlessly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:20]

with the with the stereo pair. Because I don't really like the Sonos app. That's not my thing. It doesn't make sense for me to, like, navigate my iTunes music library through their app and their experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:31]

And so when they added HomeKit support,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:34]

and or not HomeKit, AirPlay support, and it just worked with everything, and I was able to also control it using Siri as a game changer for me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:43]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:44]

Number one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:45]

drum roll. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:50]

this is where I put my my ecobee

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:54]

smart thermostat. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:55]

for the reasons you said, like being able to change the temperature

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

when I'm on vacation and in a different state.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:03]

But more importantly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:05]

when my air conditioner

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:07]

went out last summer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:08]

after two hours, it sent me a notification that said,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:12]

your air has been set, but the temperature has continued to rise for two hours. Otherwise,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:18]

I wouldn't have known that for until the next day probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

Can't can't go wrong with an Echo b. I highly recommend that to everybody. Alright. So my number one is one that you've already highlighted. It's my Roku TV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

I actually have two of these. I have a big 70 inch in the main space, and I've got a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:35]

I think it's a 55 upstairs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:37]

So I bought the 55 actually refurbished a number of years ago for, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:43]

pennies on the dollar. It was super cheap because I wasn't really committed to getting a new TV at the time. I had had a plasma television for, like, nine years or something insane like that when I replaced it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:54]

The fact of the matter is that Roku makes a really solid TV at a very affordable price.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

What I love about it is that the experience of a smart television,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:06]

gets out of the way, and it's it's the Roku experience. I had a Roku before I got a Roku TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:11]

and I liked it. I thought it was just a really clean

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

interface for interacting with various providers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:17]

Everybody knows how much I loathe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:20]

Apple TV, like the actual physical Apple TV device. Yes. It just drives me absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

insane.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:26]

And so Roku, I think, is a far superior experience. And when I turn my TV on, that's the experience I get. It is just the Roku TV. And now that Apple TV actually has an app, so that I can watch Apple TV Plus on Roku TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:38]

and it has

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

AirPlay support.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

I I really have everything I need in this TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:45]

and it just works. Now, the one the one kicker I will say is I've been really unhappy with ads,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:50]

but NextDNS

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:52]

NextDNS has solved that for me. Yes. And if you're wondering what the heck I'm talking about, go check out my blog, stanlemon.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:58]

I wrote all about it. Keeping your Internet safe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

So this is interesting because while I use the Xbox more than you do, I'm pretty sure that you use your TVs more than I do.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:08]

Yeah. Maybe. I mean, my kids use it a lot. I think we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:12]

like, you know, we're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:13]

church or streaming home improvement or

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:16]

Talking to the world. Soldier. Yeah. Or football. Yeah. It's it's on I don't I wouldn't say, like, we're heavy a heavy TV family by any stretch, but we have shows that we watch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

consistently,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

predictably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

And I I just don't wanna fight my TV every time I turn it on. That's really what it comes down to. And I I don't fight the Roku TV. It's it's a it's a solved problem in my in my world. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:37]

Alright. So there you go, Dan Chaz, our top 10

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:42]

non Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

tech for home. And as far as I'm concerned, John, that is the one of the best episodes we've had in a long time, and it was completely driven by you, dear listener.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

Nice. Do you wanna talk about outdoor spring cleaning prep? That was another suggestion

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:58]

that would be timely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:01]

Yeah. We can or we can talk about next week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:03]

Okay. We can save it till last week. It's for next week. We'll

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:07]

talk about outdoor spring cleaning prep. By the way, Lucy mowed the lawn for the first time today, John. I know I got the text message. Alrighty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

Well, John, as always, it's been a pleasure, and I look forward to next week when we'll talk about outdoor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:19]

spring cleaning prep. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands, wear a mask, and go get vaccinated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:46]

Episode three, Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Go. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

Overall, I'm not impressed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

Episode two is the best so far.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:57]

Yeah. It definitely was. So let me ask this. What bothered you the most about this episode? It's not that it bothers me. It's just that it doesn't do anything interesting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

So it's basically like typical

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

action TV show

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:11]

plot lines and arcs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:12]

and things like that, and the characters don't pull me in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:17]

It it felt like filler. I I will say that the thing that that did bother me about this was all the Sharon Carter storyline.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:24]

Yeah. So there that was the other thing is there were all these characters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

that were introduced

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:30]

and then given nothing to work with. Yep. Yep. Well, and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:36]

I like Sharon Carter. I think she is a really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:41]

piece of the puzzle in Civil War, and I've I've already said, like, I view this as a sequel to Civil War. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:47]

So she shows up and and, like, I I don't know, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:52]

I don't know why she's there in the first place, you know? Like, how did she's saying on these guys? But and she is angry.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

She's been on the run, but she appears to be a bad guy. Like, a criminal. Tortuga.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:03]

Yeah. Yeah. What I don't I don't remember what they called it, but it reminded me of Tortuga in Pirates of the Caribbean. Yeah. It's so that whole that whole, like, storyline,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

in my opinion, is is kinda sketch. I don't think it's a really great use of her

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

character.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

I'm hoping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

that they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:20]

prove that she's not just a a total villain at this point,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:23]

though I feel I'm a little worried about that. The the other thing I was like, I I don't know. It just felt so forced. The whole thing felt so forced with her. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:31]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:32]

then then we've got this this, like, lab rat who

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

recreated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:37]

the serum,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

that too also I'd like I I don't know, man. Something about that didn't didn't check out. It didn't pass the sniff test.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:47]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:48]

So it's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:50]

I don't know. I just don't think I like it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:53]

Yeah. I'm I'm struggling. Now, Baron Zemo,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:56]

we we find out that he's actually a Baron,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:59]

and I don't feel like this is the same Zemo that we met in Civil War. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

They're they're definitely drawing more on the comics, like the Baron Zemo from the comics was very wealthy, but we don't even have the slight est hint

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:09]

of that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:10]

prior to it. It's also not really clear exactly what his relationship with HYDRA is.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

Right. Right? It it seems like there's some antagonism,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:19]

but yet he's in the fold. I I can't quite tell what's going on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

and I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

I I I feel like the dynamic also between him and the other two has suffered a little. He's got this cocky arrogance, which I I kinda dig, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

it's just that the chemistry is not there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:35]

Yeah. And then that whole scene where they were pretending to be outlaws and Winter Soldier was back being Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:42]

that all seemed forced to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:44]

Well, it was yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

they all apparently knew who he was. Right? So there's some backstory there that we are not privy to, and it didn't fit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

I thought the way that they,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

like, gussied up Falcon was honestly kind of unnecessary. That that whole backstory

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:00]

was really not substantive in terms of contributing to the story of the episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:05]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:06]

there

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:07]

here's the thing too. Like, what from episode two carried over to episode three?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:13]

Not a lot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

Yeah. So I I don't know, man. I I don't get it. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:18]

the we had the same problem with episode one and how very little carried over into episode two.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:26]

So I I don't know. I I don't I don't wanna say belabor this episode because I don't think it was was worth

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:32]

I will I will mention that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:35]

Bucky seems

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:36]

kind of whiny at this point.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:38]

He does. He definitely does. Like, initially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:41]

I thought his storyline could be something cool. They pretty much abandoned that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:45]

But towards the end of this episode, it's just kinda like whiny buggy. Woe is me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:50]

Yeah. And what do you make of US Asian in this one too? Because suddenly he's, like, on the back burner. Yeah. He didn't get a lot of screen time. And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:00]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:02]

I guess, the takeaway there is that the power's kinda gone to his head. Like, we're just gonna go take things into our own hands.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:09]

Well, it's he teases that. Right? And Yeah. That's an awful

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

sudden change of heart for him, I think. Especially, he's presented such like a Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:20]

Yeah. And like a like a actual valid successor to the shield in the mantle of Captain America. But turns out that he's just another Joker who wants to take charge. In fact, he's he's basically Zemo at that point. Right? Like, that's that's how he comes across.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:33]

And and I think maybe that's where it needed to go, and maybe that's how it's gonna end, but that was an awful quick way to get to it. I I also just am not entirely sure that it is fair that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:46]

Falcon and the Winter Soldier don't give this guy a fair shake. I feel like their personalities,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:51]

especially on the Falcon side. Right? Right. Should give this guy the benefit of the doubt and a fair shake out the gate. But they're just they're nasty from the get go, you know?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:01]

I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:02]

But still more action sequence sandbox effects.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:07]

Yeah. Yeah. Which has been consistent across all of the things, which I'm okay with.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

Like, if you're gonna try stuff out, this is a good format to do it in. Sometimes it just comes off not as polished as it should. Yep. Exactly. No. I totally agree with you. It'll be interesting to see what to do with episode four. I I think we've got an eight episode installment, so we're not quite to the halfway point. But you gotta think that they're gonna start pulling

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:30]

some of this together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:31]

It was about If they don't, Stan, I'm not watching season two. I'm sorry. Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

If you remember, it was probably about episode four where

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:40]

some of the connectiveness of WandaVision started to to play out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:44]

And I I would say from see episode five then on,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:48]

it it just got, like, I couldn't put it down. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

I'm hoping that that's what's going on here. I do think that if that's what's going on here, then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

Marvel's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:59]

gotta change the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

the the prototyper. They gotta they gotta mix something up, right, with with Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:06]

That makes me nervous. But speaking of Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:09]

do you see the trailer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:11]

I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:13]

Oh. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:15]

our buddy Patrick spoiled that apparently there's gonna be

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:19]

a black widow appearance in Loki?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

I don't I he went straight there. Alright. And I love you, Patty. I know you're listening right now, and you're you're yelling at the at the speaker saying, Lemon, it absolutely is Black Widow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

Basically, in the trailer, there's this scene where we see Loki from behind,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:36]

and he is sitting down, and to his left is a woman who is sitting down, and she is wearing a what what appears to be a black form fitting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

jumpsuit, and she has red hair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:47]

And so the Internet has blown up and said that that is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:51]

Black Widow, potentially from another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

story line or a timeline. Who knows? I it could be. It very well could be. I think that would be great. I the reality is I think Scarlett Johansson is too expensive for Disney to put her in a show like this. Right? She is she's the second highest paid Marvel Cinematic Universe character after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:11]

Iron Man. Iron Man. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:14]

is that is that small screen

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

of of, like, a cost for the small screen? I don't think so. That I I just don't see it happening. I'd love to be proven wrong. I would love to get more Black Widow. I just don't think it's gonna happen. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:26]

Speaking of Black Widow, there was another trailer. Did you see that one? No. I didn't. And, like, they were they told me that there was the last trailer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:35]

Then they moved up the release date, and now there's another trailer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:38]

So I don't know. This this trailer, I think, is good. The thing that tripped me up is that they have a scene from Endgame in it. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:44]

chronologically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:46]

like, we've been told that this this movie comes before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:48]

Endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:49]

Right. And I'm I'm questioning that based upon the presence of that scene. So may maybe it is, but I wanna see how that all shakes out, because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

it it surprised me. It genuinely surprised me. I I tell you what though, still looking at this thing, I'm excited about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:05]

all of all of what they're developing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:07]

and and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:08]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:09]

Black Widow looks like it's gonna be good to me. So You know what could happen, Stan? We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:15]

could watch Black Widow together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:17]

Oh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

In the place. You're basically trying to get out of spending $30 on Disney Plus. No. I I would spend that. No problem.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:28]

Yeah. Hey, we actually we probably could figure that out because you you got your shot. I got my second shot. My second shot is April 30.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:37]

Yeah. Which is before the July release date. Yep. This this could be a the two week waiting period. If, if Patty listens this far, maybe you can figure out how to drive up after his second shot, and we can watch it together in my living room. There you go. Alright, John.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:53]

Alright. That's all I got as far as Marvel stuff goes. Me too. I'm not thrilled. Hopefully, it turns around. There's hope around the corner. I'm not holding my breath at this point. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:04]

Until next time in another episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:06]

Later.

