---
title: "Bonus Round: A Slice with a Twist of Lemon - Transcript"
episode: 172
date: 2025-11-27T06:00:00.000Z
slug: bonus-round-a-slice-with-a-twist-of-lemon/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast "Life with a Twist of Lemon" features hosts Jon Kohlmeier and Stan
  Lemon discussing their favorite pies and debunking common misconceptions about
  what makes a pie a pie. They share their personal preferences, from rhubarb to
  pumpkin, and have a lighthearted conversation about the importance of calling
  something by its true name.
keywords:
  - pie
  - Thanksgiving
  - cheesecake
  - pecan pie
  - rhubarb pie
  - lattice top
  - crumble crust
  - apple pie
  - blueberry pie
  - Friendsgiving
  - macaroni and cheese
---

00:51.28
Stan Lemon
All right, so pie.

00:54.78
Jon
Pie.

00:56.37
Stan Lemon
Do you like pie?

00:57.78
Jon
I love pie. Pie is probably my favorite dessert.

01:01.72
Stan Lemon
I believe that pie, more than turkey, defines Thanksgiving Day.

01:07.81
Jon
I could see that.

01:09.22
Stan Lemon
So if you have dinner, right, on Thanksgiving Day, and you got turkey, you got stuffing, you got corn, you got yams, all that, and you don't have pie, you do not have Thanksgiving Day.

01:19.43
Jon
It's probably controversial, but I would be okay with that.

01:22.60
Stan Lemon
But like, what's, what's the goal? So think about it. Nobody, nobody sits down and eats a turkey. was like, Oh, yum. Turkey's my favorite.

01:28.78
Jon
right You eat the turkey once a year.

01:30.99
Stan Lemon
Yeah. You eat the turkey once year, maybe twice a year if you do it for Christmas too, don't like ham, like me, whatever. Right. But you don't, you don't like just go cook a turkey. Like honestly, butterball isn't selling turkeys, you know, year round.

01:42.24
Jon
Right.

01:42.44
Stan Lemon
Right. and And so that tells you that like Thanksgiving cannot possibly be about the turkey. It's gotta be able about the pie.

01:51.50
Jon
You know, I'm with you, Stan. So, like, do you have Thanksgiving preferences for pie? You pumpkin guy or...

01:59.09
Stan Lemon
All right. It depends what's available. Okay. So here's here's the thing. I would not, you know, if this is like a kickball line, I'm not going to choose pumpkin pie first.

02:09.77
Stan Lemon
Right. But if I'm, if it's only like apple and pumpkin, I'm going to choose pumpkin. Right. Now there's anything wrong with apple pie. Right.

02:20.73
Stan Lemon
It's just not my good

02:23.38
Jon
OK. So what about if we throw a chocolate pie in there?

02:28.41
Stan Lemon
Nope, can't do it. That's not pie. That's that that's a cake. That's a cake masquerading as a pie.

02:34.62
Jon
I think I agree with you here too.

02:36.67
Stan Lemon
Okay, all right. Same thing with a cheesecake pie. You ever had a cheesecake pie?

02:41.24
Jon
I don't know if I've had a cheesecake pie.

02:43.40
Stan Lemon
Okay, cheesecake pie, it's delicious. My dad used to make a cheesecake pie. Like I've got i've got nostalgia on that one too. But it's probably not a pie, okay? Just saying.

02:53.92
Stan Lemon
It's a cake-ish thing.

02:55.63
Jon
Is it a cheesecake?

02:59.21
Stan Lemon
it's on the spectrum of cheesecake.

02:59.51
Jon
Not really. Okay.

03:01.09
Stan Lemon
I like there's, there's a cheesecake adjacent category that we could talk about ad nausea, right?

03:08.44
Jon
Like icebox pies?

03:08.82
Stan Lemon
You know, yeah, kind of that, kind of that realm.

03:12.22
Jon
Maybe.

03:12.71
Stan Lemon
I honestly like you can make a lot of cheesecake like stuff using either cream cheese or cottage cheese and, and it's all delicious, right?

03:13.21
Jon
Interesting.

03:19.74
Stan Lemon
Whether or not it's actually cheesecake, right? I think if you've ever made a cheesecake or watched a loved one make a cheesecake, you are you will be disinclined to call a a cream cheese masterpiece cheesecake.

03:35.70
Jon
Fair enough.

03:35.95
Stan Lemon
That'd be you should request that Mrs.

03:37.43
Jon
I love pie. Pie is probably my favorite dessert, but cheesecake is very close second. An actual cheesecake.

03:45.50
Stan Lemon
Lemon make you cheesecake.

03:47.92
Jon
I should request it. Because if it comes from it might actually happen.

03:49.43
Stan Lemon
Yeah, because it will it will happen. Yes, it will happen. If I request it, it is unlikely to happen, right? so which Which brings us to my favorite pie, by the way.

03:57.14
Jon
Okay.

03:59.38
Stan Lemon
So my favorite pie, let's see if you can guess this. what do you think my favorite pie is?

04:04.21
Jon
Lemon ring. Two on brand.

04:06.39
Stan Lemon
Ooh, that that is a that a good is a good choice. Did I ever say about my first experience with lemon meringue?

04:13.44
Jon
Not that I know of

04:14.86
Stan Lemon
so So my dad took me out. I was real little. I think it's Sandwich, Illinois. Is that right? Sandwich, Illinois? Yeah. Sandwich, not sandwich. Sandwich, Illinois. There was a little diner. It was a train car diner just on the side of the street. And I think we went and we got hamburgers.

04:31.75
Stan Lemon
And dad ordered the lemon meringue pie. And sliced for me, sliced for him. And it was amazing. So lemon meringue pie is near and dear to my heart, right?

04:44.75
Stan Lemon
But I would not list it as my favorite pie. It's not my go-to.

04:49.67
Jon
Interesting. Blueberry pie?

04:52.07
Stan Lemon
No, I don't even, like you said, yeah like makes blueberry pie? I don't know if I can even tell you I've had blueberry

04:56.58
Jon
Blueberry pie is Danchez's favorite pie. like He obsesses over it and might like threaten people who try to eat some of it.

05:03.98
Stan Lemon
Oh my goodness. All Blueberry pie is an excuse for people who don't know how to make muffins. That's what I would say. All right.

05:09.77
Jon
Interesting. I love blueberry pie for what it's worth. oh

05:13.03
Stan Lemon
like I like a good mixed berry pie, right? There are blueberries in mixed berry pie, but I think like blueberry needs these other things.

05:15.33
Jon
Okay. All right. I don't know, Stan. What's your favorite?

05:24.43
Stan Lemon
Rhubarb, not strawberry rhubarb, just rhubarb, yes.

05:26.17
Jon
just straight up rhubarb pie? I think I did know this if I went back through everything I knew.

05:28.60
Stan Lemon
i

05:31.64
Jon
so

05:32.23
Stan Lemon
I love rhubarb pie. I have rhubarb plants solely for the purpose of making rhubarb pie. I have a deep freezer with frozen rhubarb in it. I have the deep freezer at this point only because, well, this isn't true.

05:42.09
Jon
Just rhubarb pie.

05:45.54
Stan Lemon
I've had some fridge problems, but but primarily for frozen rhubarb. All right.

05:51.66
Jon
okay so Will there be a rhubarb pie when the Kohlmeyers are there?

05:53.19
Stan Lemon
That's my favorite pie.

05:57.90
Stan Lemon
I mean, if we're making cheesecake, probably not. I'm just being real with you, right? So so we could we could do that. That could be a thing. It could absolutely happen. It seems unlikely if we're going to cheesecake, right?

06:09.30
Stan Lemon
Also, I will say...

06:09.27
Jon
I'm not convinced we'll do cheesecake. You're making pizza, right?

06:11.18
Stan Lemon
i will Well, that's up to you. That was going be my thing. Like pizza and pie all in 24 hours.

06:17.19
Jon
It's a lot.

06:18.20
Stan Lemon
It's a lot. It's a lot, man. It really is. So I make a mean pecan pie, pecan pie, depending on your you know what what part of the country you hail from. And that's that's pretty good.

06:30.68
Stan Lemon
That's just pure sugar, though. like ive I have absolutely made the pecan pie.

06:32.39
Jon
You make the pie?

06:36.93
Stan Lemon
In fact, I don't think Sarah's ever made up a pecan pie. I think I've only made pecan pie.

06:39.11
Jon
You make the crust, or do you buy a crust?

06:40.99
Stan Lemon
Oh, no no, no, no, no. I don't make crust. Are you kidding me?

06:43.39
Jon
OK, that's your next level. I mean, with all your bread making and pizza dough stretching, I feel like you could make a good pie crust.

06:50.68
Stan Lemon
All right. I love people who make pie crusts, but to be completely honest with you, it's flour and a whole ton of butter, right? It's not, it it's not much more than that. ay there's There's no reason that can't be manufactured and use it. Cause at the end of the day, what you're going for is the stuff inside the pie, right?

07:11.94
Jon
I think that's also controversial, but...

07:13.95
Stan Lemon
Oh, it's probably totally. Let me ask this. Lattice top or crumble crust?

07:19.74
Jon
For what kind of pie?

07:21.53
Stan Lemon
I mean, does it matter?

07:23.90
Jon
Probably Lattice Top.

07:25.50
Stan Lemon
Probably. Okay. All right. I like a lattice top when done well. Here's here's what I would say. A crumble crust is hard to mess up.

07:35.44
Jon
Sure.

07:35.71
Stan Lemon
if If you get soggy lattice, it ruins the entire pie. All right, so so if you know someone, like if you have a friend you're like, oh, you're a lattice pie maker and you make amazing lattice, go for it, right?

07:41.98
Jon
angry

07:50.60
Stan Lemon
But if someone's like, I'm bringing pie and you ask them like, you know, you're doing like Friendsgiving, it's like, I'm bringing a pie. And they're they basically say like, I'm going to do a lattice pie. The thing you should ask is like, when was the last time you latticed a pie, right?

08:05.10
Jon
Fair enough.

08:05.34
Stan Lemon
yeah And if they say, if this is my first, then you're like, you know what? Why don't you try the crumble crust? Save yourself a little bit of time and and we'll all like each other. At the end, you do the crumble crust.

08:16.73
Jon
uh okay you're my only friend stand so i'm not having a friendsgiving so but then you're bringing the pie so

08:18.17
Stan Lemon
right. So if it's apple time, if you moved to Indianapolis, we could do Friendsgiving, John. We could do it every Friday for all you care. All right. drop Could be, could be. if If it's apple pie or pumpkin pie, to choose pumpkin pie. I think if it's blueberry pie or pumpkin pie, going to choose pumpkin pie.

08:37.66
Stan Lemon
If it's pecan pie or pumpkin pie, i'm going to choose pecan pie.

08:38.01
Jon
okay

08:41.27
Stan Lemon
Now, if I'm not full after the pecan pie, I'm going to chase it with a little pumpkin pie. If it's rhubarb pie or pumpkin pie, I'm going to eat that rhubarb pie until it is completely gone.

08:52.25
Jon
And then you'll move around the

08:53.27
Stan Lemon
And then then then I'll look the pumpkin pie, right? If it's mixed berry pie, probably going to mixed berry over pumpkin, right? Cherry pie, a thousand percent. I'm gonna go to pumpkin. I'm gonna to pumpkin six times out of six.

09:05.44
Stan Lemon
I'm gonna six times out of seven. I'm gonna go to the the pumpkin pie.

09:09.81
Jon
Seven times out of six.

09:12.36
Stan Lemon
Seven times out six, that might be better, yeah. i really don't I really don't like cherry pie. I don't know what it is, man. i feel like I feel like when you eat cherry pie, what you're doing is you're you're basically eating the the cheap Kroger band brand maracino cherries in a pie.

09:27.91
Stan Lemon
Yeah, that's always disappointing.

09:28.86
Jon
Fair enough. Last thing, i think, hopefully, as far as the Apple Hot Pockets that McDonald's sells, what do you think of those?

09:31.28
Stan Lemon
Yeah.

09:41.60
Stan Lemon
Delicious, not a pie.

09:41.66
Jon
Have you ever had them?

09:45.10
Stan Lemon
Yeah, delicious, not a pie.

09:47.40
Jon
Fair enough.

09:47.50
Stan Lemon
Like you if you if you bite into one, you will quickly realize that it is not the texture of a pie crust.

09:54.44
Jon
Correct.

09:54.50
Stan Lemon
And they're not real apples, right? They're like space engineered apples. They're delicious, but they are different than actual apples. And and it it only takes like two bites really to understand that.

10:06.94
Stan Lemon
And so anyone, because it's probably Danchez, right? Danchez is the person who's going to say, oh, the apple pie from McDonald's is a pie. And no, it's not. It's delicious, right? But it's it's kind of like it's kind of like the hot dish macaroni and cheese thing, right?

10:22.46
Stan Lemon
you can

10:22.57
Jon
Well, from years ago, Stan.

10:24.18
Stan Lemon
From years ago. Yeah, well, because like, listen, I will i will never forget Danchez's very wrong position on macaroni and cheese. Bottom line is, you can call it a pie.

10:35.58
Stan Lemon
It's not a pie. That's marketing, right? Maybe brilliant marketing, but still marketing. Not being a pie does not change the fact that it's delicious.

10:44.34
Jon
Agreed.

10:44.82
Stan Lemon
that that That right there, like, you know, call a thing what it is. It does not change the fact that it's amazing and wonderful and you should you should consume it, right? So, all right.

10:54.34
Jon
All right. Sounds good.

10:56.18
Stan Lemon
I need to go eat Happy Thanksgiving.

10:56.18
Jon
Happy Thanksgiving. I don't know when this is going drop.

10:58.00
Stan Lemon
i need to go eat piece pie.

10:59.74
Jon
Yeah.

10:59.98
Stan Lemon
we'll We'll drop it on Thanksgiving. right. Until next pie.

11:03.85
Jon
Till next. Bye.
