---
title: "Thanksgiving, Epcot, and How we Podcast"
episode: 162
date: "2021-11-25T14:46:42.000Z"
slug: thanksgiving-epcot-and-how-we-podcast/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The conversation revolves around John's upcoming trip to Disney World with his
  kids, specifically Epcot, and shares personal anecdotes about his experiences
  at the park. He discusses food options, crowd control strategies, and tips for
  making the most of their visit. The tone is lighthearted and conversational,
  with John sharing humorous stories about his family's adventures.
keywords:
  - Epcot
  - Disney World
  - crowds
  - food
  - buffets
  - Disney cruise
  - Mediterranean menu
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, I should probably open up our note for today, but I suspect that we're gonna talk about Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:29]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:30]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:31]

My nieces and nephews have requested that we talk about Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:35]

Do they know that you don't like Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:38]

What do you mean I don't like Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:40]

You're not a turkey fan. Like, by your own admission, you don't like turkey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:44]

Like, turkey is not my favorite, but the fried turkey that we used to have at Butoh family Thanksgiving was always delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:52]

Okay. So what would you what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:55]

would you prefer to have if not a turkey on Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:00]

Prime rib.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:01]

Oh, have you done that? No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:05]

Okay. Last year last year, what do we do? I don't think we did anything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:08]

Like, if we even observed Thanksgiving, it would have been with a charcuterie board.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

But I don't think we did anything last year. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

what are the chances that you go out and get prime rib?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

Zero.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:24]

What? Why is that, John? Because I don't wanna learn how to cook prime rib so it's actually good. Okay. Alright. That's fair.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:32]

So dare I ask I think we are doing a roast chicken

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:36]

on Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:37]

Okay. That's respectable. Like, a whole chicken?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:40]

Yep. Okay. I can get behind that. Yeah. So, like, the thing with the turkey, I was thinking,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:46]

like, I wanna smoke a turkey at some point, but Thanksgiving is just gonna be me and Anna. So Yes. That's a lot of meat. Right? That's I think the the problem. It would be my first turkey, and I don't wanna completely ruin it and then have a bunch leftover

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:59]

And yeah. I think you're going into this wrong the wrong idea. You everybody ruins their first turkey.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:05]

Everybody. I I mean, it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:08]

Everybody ruins first turkey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:10]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:12]

the the thing about turkey, right, is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:14]

today, go to the Kroger or wherever you go, and you buy a turkey and it's gonna be huge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:20]

Yep. Right? And if you want a small turkey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:23]

apparently, those are called the organic turkeys now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:27]

and you pay twice for them. So that that's that's kinda what I've what I've learned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

But Fair enough. You know, the smaller the bird, usually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:35]

the the better chance you have of there actually being something tasty there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:39]

Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:40]

a bird, I'm not really big on injecting meat. I know, you know, people have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:44]

different opinions on such things. Turkey is one of those things where you can inject it with whatever you want, man. Like, you just go to town because the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

white meat Turkey part has no taste otherwise. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:59]

the thing that I'm always curious about again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:01]

like, I don't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:03]

Turkey to me is the defining

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:06]

aspect of the meal, but it is not the best thing of a Thanksgiving Day meal. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:12]

Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:15]

I mean, like, so I I I'm from this school of thought where you have to have a turkey on on Thanksgiving, or I I'll I'll give you a pass on the roasted bird, whatever. Prime rib would probably be fine. But again, like, when I plop turkey down on my plate,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:28]

it's only taken up maybe a fourth of the total surface area,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:32]

and and it's gonna be completely covered in gravy. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

So for me, turkey is primarily about having a vehicle to deliver gravy into my body.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:43]

Right? True. Because it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:45]

apparently uncouth to just drink from the gravy bowl, so I'm told.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:49]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:50]

If it's just your immediate family, I think you can get away with it even if missus Lemon gives you a dirty look. Alright. Well, I might I might just try that. Although, I've got I've got something I'm a little ashamed of to talk about for for Thanksgiving gravy, but but we'll get there. But but to me, it's like it's all the other sides, right, that really define the Thanksgiving Day meal. And the fact that you are going to cover up every inch of surface area on that plate

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:11]

with something, and it's gonna be varied.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

And ultimately,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:15]

the last bite of a Thanksgiving Day dinner,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:19]

right, is when all of those things congeal together in the slurry that's left behind after you finish the bulk of them. And that's that's Sure. This, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:28]

I wait and work all Thanksgiving Day for that last bite of Thanksgiving slurry,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:35]

because it's so good.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:39]

Fair enough.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

Alright. You don't like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:42]

sweet potatoes. Right? I do not. So you don't get into the yams or the sweet potato casserole or any of that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:49]

No. Why would you do that when you have mashed potatoes?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:52]

You wanna tell me about something that lacks flavor.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:55]

It's another vehicle for the gravy. And that's totally fair. It's butter.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:00]

And Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:02]

But so I'm a big stuffing fan. Right? And so I I would rather have stuffing over

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:08]

mashed potatoes. That's just kinda the way I go. So I I like to have stuffing I agree. And I like to have a sweet potato casserole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

Those are the two two big things. And so what we'll do this year, I'm gonna go to the nines on my turkey. I'm gonna smoke it. I'm gonna spatchcock it, which is something I didn't even know what it was until,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:24]

our friend, Aaron Fanker told me about spatchcocking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:27]

which apparently is when you cut the bird in such a way that you remove the spine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

and that bird lays out flat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

And cooks evenly. That's Supposedly. Yeah. So I'm gonna spatchcock the turkey after I brine it using a special brine that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:43]

Fanker also referred me to, and a special seasoning that Fanker also referred me to.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

Man, that Finger guy adds a lot of value.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:51]

He does.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:52]

Also should get our lives.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:55]

He also should get referral codes, because I think I spent like $35 at this place that he said to get all these things from.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:03]

And and I just went I went in blind faith. Like, he he said they were good, and so I trust him. It was at barbecue.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:10]

That's what it was. All things barbecue.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:12]

So e t barbecue. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

the the next thing that we we always spend a lot of time on is the stuffing. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:21]

to be completely clear, I will never You used to like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:24]

you're a big proponent of stovetop. Right? I I absolutely am. I was getting there, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:31]

We we found a recipe that I really like that is all from scratch

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

for stuffing, and I think that's totally worth doing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:39]

But honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:40]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:41]

I like stovetop,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:42]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

if there was a box of stovetop in my pantry tonight, that's what we would have had for dinner tonight. Like, I I just sit down and eat that, you know, and I I wouldn't be ashamed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:52]

I to me, stovetop is childhood.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:56]

Yeah. So my mom has a great from scratch stuffing recipe,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:03]

which I tried to recreate last year when I was craving stuffing. I think it was probably some random day in December when I actually made it, but

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:12]

it did not turn out as well as my mom's did. Did you consult with mom to find out, like, what went wrong?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

So I think that she actually lets it sit overnight to let the flavors develop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

Okay. Alright. Well, that and that makes sense to me. I I'm I can totally get behind that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:30]

I'm trying to look at and find this thing that I was gonna tell you that I'm I'm doing this year. So I'm oh, here we go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:36]

I didn't even know this is a thing, but apparently Heinz makes jarred

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:40]

homestyle roasted turkey gravy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

Okay. And because I'm smoking the turkey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:46]

I'm going to get a jar of Heinz homestyle roasted turkey gravy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:51]

and I'm gonna try it. Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:54]

Worth a shot. Now There's lots of different gravy that comes in jars. Sure. Sure. But, you know, Heinz Are you gonna smoke the Heinz

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:03]

gravy?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:04]

I had not even given thought to that. That's not a bad idea, though. It's not a bad idea at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:12]

I wonder if I could smoke the stuffing too. I could probably smoke all the things. You can smoke anything you want, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:18]

The question is, do you want to?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:20]

Smoked cranberry? I wonder if cranberries take on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:24]

a smoky flavor

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:25]

because that could be really good. Yeah. That could be. So is is cranberry sauce another one of your go to's then for Thanksgiving?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:32]

Generally, that's a staple. Yes. It's not exactly my favorite thing on the plate, but it's a Thanksgiving staple, so I'll always eat some. Do you like it made from scratch or out of a can?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:42]

So out of the can is the way that I grew up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

Big circle, gelatin y like cranberry. You you didn't really answer the question. Which would you prefer?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:52]

Which one I prefer? Probably that. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:55]

Missus Lemon came up with a recipe a few years ago for homemade cranberry sauce that that I like, I genuinely like. But I tell you what, there is absolutely no substitute

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:03]

to the gelatin in a can. To to me, it's just like just like the stovetop. Right? Or the the mashed potatoes from a box.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:10]

You take those three things, and by themselves, they're a little repulsive, except maybe the stovetop, because again, I just have a soft spot for that. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

you know, you put them all together with turkey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:21]

and as long as you get the gravy right, man, the gravy can cover a multitude of sins.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

And you are buying it from a can this year, so good luck. Well, that's that's because I am counting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:33]

on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

Everything being good. Oh, yeah. All the other things being good. So if the if the Heinz homestyle roasted turkey gravy is not good,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:41]

it will be no no loss. Yeah. Yeah. Add pepper. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:45]

You know what? I didn't even look to see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:47]

Here. Let me pull it up. How much how much so a serving size is a quarter cup. Say that actually seems like a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:55]

not enough gravy. No. It's not. But Quarter cup? Come on. That's what I would guess as a serving, and then you eat two servings. Right? At least two servings. Two, three. Alright. Here's the thing. This this is what I was mostly curious about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:10]

The the total fat is two grams, 2.56

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

of your daily value. Honestly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:15]

really not that not bad. Yeah. So, you know, carbs, it's only 1%. Right? Three grams? Yep. Like, that's that's, you know but the thing I was really curious about is how bad is the sodium gonna be? So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:25]

one A serving lot. In the jar. Yeah. You would think.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

This says 10%,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:30]

two hundred and thirty milligrams,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

which is actually lower than I thought. Per one serving? Yeah. Per one serving. And you just said you were gonna eat four of them. That's but let's say three. Let's say three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:40]

Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

So I you know, I it's not as bad as I thought. We'll see.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

I'm on a low sodium diet these days, so I don't know. So you aren't gonna be adding salt to any the stuff on your plate? Yeah. I will. You'll only live once. Okay. A a wise man once told me to eat like I was baptized.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:58]

Yep. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:00]

So on the back of peace.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:04]

No. That's not that's not the one who said that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:06]

That's your father-in-law. That's a father you're Yeah. But would he still say that now that he's on No. This Yeah. Yeah. He's his running kick No. Running in 10 degree weather? Shakeology and whatever. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:17]

Yep. Yep. Although, I mean, I have I have seen him slam many of Jimmy John's sandwiches.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

It's true. I don't think that he's a strict

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:26]

diet

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

person.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:28]

Alright. But he is fairly active.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:32]

Yeah. Well, teach his own.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:35]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:37]

What other what other Thanksgiving sides are worthy of John Colmire?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:42]

The dinner roll.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

Okay. Go on. Elaborate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:46]

So, like, growing up, it was always just like Hawaiian rolls and then like a whole wheat roll from the bakery section or whatever and butter, and you gotta have bread to soak up all the stuff that's left on your plate.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:00]

Well, assuming that the turkey and the the stuffing doesn't do it. But, yeah, I I generally agree. So it's interesting. You said Hawaiian roll, and then you said whole wheat?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

I I think it was a whole wheat roll. I would have to check. It's been too long since I've been home for Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:15]

So in in my mind, it's always a yeast roll, you know? The the little ones that you break up in squares.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:21]

Sometimes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:22]

I think that's like one option like Rhodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:25]

Rhodes has the Hawaiian yeast

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:27]

roll style?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

Hawaiian rolls look in shape similar, but the taste is different. Right? Hawaiian rolls are distinctively sweet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

A yeast roll is just light and fluffy, and honestly, it's it's really there just to deliver butter into your mouth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

Honestly, you know, have Good cooking. My grocery order hasn't been made yet. For the I might just go ahead and get some yeast rolls.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Do it. Oh, they're just they're so good. Or you can make your own stand. Well, I was gonna make our I'll be a bake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:55]

baker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

I was gonna make a loaf of Hearth bread. That that's actually on the menu plan for the Lemon House, but I'm sitting here looking at these yeast rolls, and all I can think to myself is, like, this is really what I want.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:08]

Right. You know? So we're gonna go to the nines on the turkey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:12]

the stuffing,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:14]

and the sweet potato casserole.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

And then from there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:19]

I'm fine just getting, you know, stuff from the store. In fact, I even ordered a pumpkin pie,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

pre made. I don't know if we'll get it because, you know, the grocery store's been picked up or cleaned. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:31]

and I I got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:32]

low fat,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:34]

sugar free

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:35]

ready whip, which I didn't even know was a thing, but that makes me like, I'm I'm trying to think of, like, where can I cut calories in this, you know, food coma that I'm going in towards? So you'd rather focus on dinner and gravy than you would on pie. You got it. I mean, I don't get me wrong. Want a piece of pumpkin pie. Like, to me Right. To me, that's like your,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

after dinner cigar, John. Right? Is is a piece of pumpkin pie. It's a pipe on Thanksgiving. I have pictures going back

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:02]

Yeah. You you it's just take a nice long drag or ready whip over that thing and enjoy it. That's life. So missus Kollmeyer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

does not like pumpkin pie, so that will not be on the menu. Not neither does missus London. I I don't get it. But she has been talking about making, like, a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:18]

chocolate pudding pie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:20]

Oh. Which I would eat. So So I, as a general rule, always keep one spare rhubarb pie in the freezer

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:29]

in the event that there's a pie emergency

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:32]

so that I can pull it out,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:35]

heat it up, and eat it. What what constitutes a pie emergency? Like, is it when disaster strikes in your life, or do you, like, give it away if somebody's grieving or what?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

Oh, you never you never give the emergency pie away. Are you kidding me? No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:51]

So so there are two there are two situations.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

There there's also, like, scheduled pie events. Like like, for my birthday, I do pie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:58]

But a rhubarb pie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:00]

would be leveraged in an emergency if, one, I am, like, super depressed. Alright? And I'm talking about, like, you know Like 2020 depressed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:08]

I ate a fair number of rhubarb pies in 2020. Yes. During our podcast hiatus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:14]

That is exactly when I ate my rhubarb pie. Yeah. And I'm not gonna even sit here and be ashamed about it, John. I ate a rhubarb pie. Had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:21]

nothing in 2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:23]

You don't wanna know how much it costs to get shipped here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:26]

But then but then the other thing is, like, if you have something truly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:29]

and absolutely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:31]

wonderful to celebrate, like, something so immensely joy filled that that you're, this moment here in time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

tastes like pie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

Right? So so that moment, when you're like, this moment tastes like pie, is when you pull out the emergency pie.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:45]

So again Like when you landed a new job?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

No. I haven't

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:51]

we're not we're quite there yet. We're it's it's it's close. Maybe. We'll see. We'll see. When you paid off the mortgage?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:57]

I don't know if we had pie then, but we probably would have. Like, again, my birthday is always, you know, pie day.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:03]

So but but, know, again, like, it's it's immense overwhelming joy. And again, the moment of that joy, it has to taste like pie. Right? And those like, they don't happen a lot. Right? It's an emergency pie because the very thing that causes you to need it doesn't happen very often. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

I I have thought about joining a pie of the month club,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:24]

and the only thing that's stopping me is is I'm already obese. So, like, do we do we really need to go down that road? You know? But yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:33]

So anyhow, I got a rhubarb. You know what I've wanted recently, Stan? And apparently, you have a recipe here. Missus Lemon has a recipe for this that you have never made me, but you've made for Aaron Finker.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:45]

Cheesecake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:46]

Oh, the cheesecake. Yeah. It is so good. That is a long process.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:51]

That is a really long process. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:54]

I wonder if I could smoke that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:57]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

I bet that would be good. You can smoke anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:00]

Smoked New York cheesecake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:03]

New York style cheesecake. And then you can add that cranberry sauce on top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:07]

I don't do you like fruit on your your cheesecake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:10]

Why not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

Like cheesecake in all forms. I like pie in all forms. I'm not morally opposed

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:17]

to fruit on top of a cheesecake, but I also just like cheesecake, and I don't get it enough that I I I don't really want

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:25]

fruit to get in the way of it. You know what I mean?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

That's fair. The one exception to this is my dad used to make a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:32]

I guess it was a cream cheese pie. It was like a block of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:36]

Philadelphia cream cheese,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:38]

probably a ton of sugar

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

inside of a graham cracker pie crust, and then canned cherries over top. And it was it was super simple,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

and and honestly, again, like You just put it in the fridge for a couple hours or whatever. Yeah. Exactly. It wasn't, like, fantastic cuisine by any stretch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:57]

but it I feel it's easy. It always tasted so good, man. Refreshing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

Oh, it always tasted so good. I wonder if I could So the one that I've seen is basically that, but you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

mix some peanut butter in with it, and then it's a peanut butter pie on that graham cracker crust.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:12]

Oh, heaven help me. That sounds delightful. I you know, I'm a sucker for peanut butter. Yep. Oof. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:18]

I don't even know what to do with myself right now. I'm gonna have to just think on that. That's gonna be my Google results.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:24]

So now, interestingly, you have not mentioned green bean casserole. You've not mentioned corn. Do you So those are usually those are,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:32]

staples. I will eat both of them now. I didn't really eat the green bean casserole growing up. Must have been like the cream of mushroom soup that my mom used to put in it. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:42]

My grandmother

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:43]

didn't like cream of mushroom soup, so she always used cream of chicken soup, and that's what I grew up used to.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:49]

So cream of mushroom soup still doesn't, like, taste good in my mouth. But candidly, the only reason I ever liked green bean casserole growing up was for the crunchy onion straws on top, you know? Fair enough. So I was I was that kid who, when mom wasn't looking, I took the spoon,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:05]

and I just scraped off all the onions and then ran,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:09]

like, I'll get up to get away before anybody caught me. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:13]

but corn

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

not ringing a bell, not not something of interest.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

I mean, the corn, I'll eat it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

But corn is corn. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:22]

Yeah. It's a vegetable. Do you like do you like gravy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:26]

on your corn?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

Sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

Yeah. I do too. But a lot of people think that's weird, like it's anathema.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:32]

I don't think so. I really don't. Why?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:35]

I don't know, man. This is like those Mexican corn stands, so you get

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

corn in all different flavors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:43]

Yeah. You're talking about, like, when they do the mayo Like, on the cob and they yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. I'm with you. I think,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:50]

you know, the the crunchy goes on everything.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:52]

Present Does gravy go on cranberry sauce? That one's like the No. Biggest It question in my mind, but, like, happens. Yeah. Again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

that slurry at the end.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:02]

But think of think about this. Right? Like, it you know, it's it's all about mixing flavors. Right? And so you want something sweet and something savory,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

you know. And if you take a big chunk of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

stuffing, right, covered in gravy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:18]

and you just put a little dollop of cranberry sauce on top, that's gonna be a wonderful flavor mix, you know. And think about some of the best stuffing recipes out in the wild. Right? They often involve something sweet incorporated into it, like maybe raisins. That's that's a pretty common thing to incorporate. I'm not saying you should do that, but that's definitely a thing. No. Don't do that. There's also there's also,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:38]

like, different nut varieties that can be incorporated into stuffing that can also add a little bit of sweetness. Hank, you want

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:45]

the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:47]

basically, turkey broth and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:50]

the sage to shine

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

in I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:54]

with you. I'm with you. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:55]

this this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:57]

recipe that we have, we got from Milk Street, which if you're if you're not familiar with Milk Street, it's the the guy who used to run America's Test Kitchen, left,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

and started his own thing, whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:08]

But fantastic

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

recipe,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

and it involves

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:13]

a copious amount of butter,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:15]

shallots,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

fresh sage, fresh thyme.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:21]

You know, I can never keep

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:24]

what type of onion is which in my brain. Like, what word goes with what onion?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

So a shallot is between the big bulb and the little one. Right? So it's it's the medium sized one that tends to be taller

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:38]

than it is wide,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

and And then scallions are green onions. Right? Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. They're on the small side. And so so Those are the two that I flip flop. Yeah. So shallots tend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:50]

not to be overly bitey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:52]

Right? They've got they've got a nice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:54]

nice fragrance to them, but they're not overly bitey. I I think that's why they work so well.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

They got the smaller rings that tend to have have, I think, more flavor depth to them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

But, you know Nice.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:06]

Yeah. Yeah. So in your chicken salad, wanna use red onion.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:11]

But in your stuffing, you wanna use shallots. Oh, it's so funny. You use red onion in your chicken salad. I'm not opposed to that. I just I don't know that I've ever actually had it that way. Well, you should try it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

What would you do the same thing with tuna salad? Would you throw red onion in tuna salad? I don't really eat tuna. No. You you don't like tuna at all? Not really. Alright. Let let me Maybe if you smoke tuna, then I might eat that. When you eat chicken salad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

Yep. Do you use canned chicken?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:36]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:37]

Never?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:39]

I haven't. No. Are you opposed to canned chicken?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

Not necessarily. It's just chicken's easy to make. Well, yeah. But, I mean, it's already cooked in a in a, you know, can.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

True.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:51]

Don't know. Just never thought about it. So we could do our I could throw some frozen chicken breasts in the oven for forty minutes, then just shred those up. So Yeah. Yeah. Like, I I get you. I'm not I'm not knocking cooking a whole chicken, but I feel like canned chicken really lends itself to chicken salad, you know? Yeah. But when you're could you make a turkey salad sandwich?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:11]

Absolutely. You you should try to do this with the leftover turkey,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:15]

because I imagine that smoked chicken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:17]

salad would be really good. So smoked turkey salad would probably be good too. I yeah. I okay. We're gonna have to do that because it's been a long time

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:26]

since I've had a chicken salad sandwich. I mean, a really long time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:30]

Hey. If you're still watching your carbs and everything, you can wrap it in like a lettuce wrap, and you can do a lettuce wrap of Oh, dude. Turkey salad. You don't track carbs or calories from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:41]

Thursday morning until Monday night. New Year's Eve. Yeah. Yeah. New Year's Eve. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:49]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:51]

alright, man. Well, that it's I think that's a good rundown on Thanksgiving.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:54]

I am

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:56]

My Thanksgiving will not be interesting because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:58]

my father-in-law didn't wanna come here. So I don't know why he didn't wanna come here. It's just that's so sad. It's so sad. We're gonna try to roast chicken, and we'll probably make a side or two. But Okay. Definitely won't be the whole whole spread.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:10]

We'll take pictures. I wanna see, John. I wanna see. And I'll I'll take some pictures of my smoked turkey. We can compare notes next

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

week on the podcast. Sounds good. So hey.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:21]

So there are couple of things I wanna talk about today that are actually not on our note.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:25]

One I wanted to to follow-up on is over the weekend, you texted me talking about your cruise

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:33]

that you're going on, which is like, this is the apex of the John Colmire experience as far as I'm concerned. Right? Like Sure. John Colmire John Colmire just hasn't taken his wife on a real vacation for years,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

So it's due. Yeah. But again, like, in my mind, you you like, I would go to Gatlinburg or I would go to Traverse City. Yeah. I don't wanna drive.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

I don't wanna plan things. Okay. Alright. So you're going to an all inclusive cruise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:00]

Correct. And over the weekend, you texted me

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:03]

asking about going to Epcot for a day before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:09]

your lovely wife wants to go. Is that is that right? Pretty much. Yep. Okay. Alright. And John,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:18]

my my lovely curmudgeonly friend, what's the plan, man? Like, what what are the trade offs? I wanna I wanna know the John Kollmeyer evaluation process on go to Epcot for a day before

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

or not?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:31]

So Epcot,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

a day before

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:35]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:36]

happening, I believe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:39]

missus Colmire is in charge of everything

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:42]

from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

basically

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:46]

us landing at the airport to us

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:49]

hopping on a shuttle to go to Port Canaveral.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:52]

Oh, this is a great this is a great progression.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:56]

What what was that What was your original angst? Did you just not wanna plan it? Is was that really that simple?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:02]

Probably. Yeah. Like, it comes down to that, and, like, this is gonna add probably at least a thousand bucks to the trip. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

Oh, it shouldn't add a thousand bucks, John. How about it add a thousand bucks? Extra night in a hotel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

finding food at Disney World, tickets to get into the park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:20]

Okay. Alright. Alright. Hold on. We could do transportation

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:22]

to the hotel if we aren't staying at the airport, but that's all in missus Colmere's court. Alright. Hold on. Let's let's just do the math here in real time. K. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:33]

park park tickets, I believe, are about a $110

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:36]

a day Yep. Per person. Per person. K. So you got you got $2.20. $2.20. Right? Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:41]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:42]

You were gonna stay in a hotel the first night there. You're just adding one night. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:47]

We are adding one night, and now apparently, Disney property hotels are an option.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:52]

Woah. Okay. We'll see what missus Kolmeier comes up with. So, like, if I'm

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

staying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:58]

a night in a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:00]

$500

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

per night hotel,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:02]

then

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

see what happens. Miss Scholmeyer, book the villa for John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:08]

Alright. I'm I'm gonna just I'm gonna give you a a raw estimate of $250.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:13]

Alright? And then,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:14]

you said you need transport, but you were gonna have to transport yourself down to the boat already. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

So that's separate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:23]

So there is a Disney Cruise Line Express

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

that goes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:27]

from both Disney World and the airport to Port Canaveral and back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:33]

Oh, interesting. They didn't cancel that, like, did the Magical Express stuff? No. So, like, the Magical Express is dead forever, apparently. And then there's, like, there's some other company that looks like it's gonna fill that place, but not for free.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

Well, yeah. I mean, it's kind of a miracle that that was free for as long as it was. It was magical.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

Yeah. It was magical. So let's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:56]

you've gotta get, you said, from the airport to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:00]

the park,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:01]

and the park Right. To the port. Yeah. So I imagine that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

so there's really two options. We'll either be staying on Disney property or we will be staying at an airport hotel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:16]

like, the airport hotels all have

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:19]

shuttles

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:21]

to the airport and back.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:23]

So it's really to getting to the park.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:26]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:27]

if we're staying on property, then

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:30]

it's really just to the park because the Disney Cruise Line Express will leave from the park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:36]

And Oh, it does? Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

Okay. Yep. Alright. So you just have to get to the park.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:42]

Well, listen, buddy. That can't be more than a $50 Lyft ride. Maybe, let's say, $75,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

$75 Lyft ride.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:50]

How far is it? Half an hour from the airport?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

Yeah. It's not it's not terribly far. Half an gonna do, Stan? When you go to Disney World next with your family, how are you gonna get from the airport to the parks? I'm gonna rent a car, John. Are you? Yeah. Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:05]

Okay. Because I got I got multiple people to deal with, and then I got multiple bags, and I gotta be able to do it on my own schedule.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:11]

Like, there's there's an additional Renting a car for one day does not make sense for two people here. So No. No. It definitely doesn't. Definitely doesn't. But that's what I'm saying, like, Lyft. I and actually, probably, if it's $75 to get you down

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

again, I'm just spitballing. Right? Let's just because that's that's like an that's an expensive Lyft ride, quite frankly, for a 30 minute drive. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

If I remember right, there's the Minis Express thing, which might be worth worth looking at. But again, $75,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

that's gonna be probably cheaper than a car rental right now anyhow. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:40]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

let's just come full circle. $2.22

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:44]

$50.75.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:46]

Alright. We're at $5.45. We're a far cry from your thousand dollars. So I just wanna I wanna be clear. You think you're gonna spend about what? $450

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

on food at Epcot?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:56]

I don't know, man. If we wanna drink our way through the world showcase.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:03]

Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

Dear listener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

pay attention.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:07]

John Kolmeyer, I promise you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

that I will buy all of missus Kolmeier's drinks at Epcot. How's that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:14]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. You better let her know that. She's in charge of planning. I will I will I just have to find the money. I'm like little finger from Game of Thrones. Yes. Yeah. I'll,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

I'll Venmo her in real time so that you your happiness Woah. Woah. Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:29]

She's an iPhone user. You're an iPhone user. Apple Pay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:34]

Alright. But but point is, I will Venmo in real time. Here here's my honest prediction. If you spend a $100 on food

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:42]

between the two of you for the day at Epcot, I would be shocked. One

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:47]

Really? Oh, yeah. I would I would be totally shocked. Because I'd just imagine that Disney food prices are more expensive than they actually are. I mean, they're they're not like, look. It's not like going to McDonald's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:57]

Right? But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:59]

I you know, you're And inflation, Stan. Fiftieth anniversary

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:02]

or hundredth. Okay. So I don't remember what anniversary they're celebrating, but apparently, there's gold characters all around. Okay. Alright. I said a $100, so you and you're worried about inflation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

So we'll add six and a half percent to that. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:16]

total right now is $652,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:18]

John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:20]

you'll you'll be able to handle this, buddy. I I I know this. And think of how much fun you'll have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:25]

touring the world.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:30]

Yeah. Is that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:33]

oh, I can't even remember the name of it. It was like the attraction that Walt Disney worked on where it was like looking at the future or whatever. Is that in Magic Kingdom or is that in No. That's an Epcot. That's so bad. Is it? Is it? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:47]

Look And then the figment the figment thing is in Epcot too. Right? It is. But that I mean, that that's that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

it's fun. Like, I you know? Yeah. It's yeah. I don't know. Here's here's You the need to send me things to do in Epcot. Yeah. Well, and I'm about to give it to you. Right? So here's here's the I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:03]

think two of the best rides in all of Disney World are actually in Epcot.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:08]

Right? Really? One of them is Soarin', which is, to this day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:12]

probably my favorite ride in all of the parks down there. Alright? That was not open last time I was at Disney World. Yeah. Well, they've they've put a lot into Epcot over the last ten years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:24]

Like, the park has gotten significantly better. The the other one that I I've only been on once. I went the last time I was there, right before I got sick

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:33]

with with

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

maybe COVID. We don't know. Maybe COVID. Is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

the Avatar ride, and that Avatar ride was unbelievably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:42]

fun. Do I need to watch Avatar again before I go? I've never seen it. You've never seen Avatar on Disney plus You've

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

gotta watch it just for,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

like, cultural

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:52]

reference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:53]

I I you're right. I absolutely should. But the point is that the ride is fantastic,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

having known nothing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

about Avatar.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:00]

Right? And so so those two rides, I think, are some of the best in the park. Now since then, since I've been there, Ratatouille's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

Adventure

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:09]

has has shown up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:11]

Remy. Historically

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:13]

historically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:14]

Remy's Ratatouille Adventure, excuse me,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:17]

since then, they have updated the light show. And and honestly, in my opinion, I actually liked the Epcot show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:24]

I mean, that nothing really beats the the Magic Kingdom because they go to the nines.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

But the nice thing about the Epcot one is it's you can it's really easy to get a good view.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:34]

So so that's like just, you know, entertainment. Now here's here's the thing about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

the the countries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:41]

There is a ton of really cool stuff that if you don't have little kids with you,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:46]

is really interesting for adults.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:50]

I remember Canada was awesome. Norway has has been totally revamped with Frozen in mind, and that's supposed to be pretty cool. I liked it before it was revamped with Frozen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:00]

Germany is just good, clean fun. Now, Germany has the Beer Garden, which is a very expensive buffet meal, and I do not recommend that you do that. Now, don't get me wrong. It's, like, it's fun, but it's really Food loud is kind of meh anyway, when you have other options.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

Well, I I will say this. Like, the food is good, but but the thing the thing that I personally like the most about Germany was they had this sausage platter in the, like, the walk up meal kind of thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

that that give you, like, three or four different kinds of sausages. And I think I actually got it with my mom the last time I did this. I split the sausages with my mom. You just gotta try a bunch of different stuff. Right? And I think that's the key to Epcot is you don't sit down and do a big meal at one place. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

You do little things all over the place. Now, last time we were there, Henry and I discovered that all of our snack credits

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

could be used at the French bistro. And so we loaded up on croissants,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:54]

and and that's that's another option. Right? It's like the sweets in France. You should just target France for dessert.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:59]

Now, you've got Morocco,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

which has always smelled fantastic. I've never eaten there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

The shows at China are epic. Like, that is a that like, those are legitimately good, and they're just out in the open. It's not like you gotta, like, go and reserve. You just walk up, find a place to camp.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:18]

I yeah, man. Look, I I think Epcot is one of those places that I'm really looking forward to taking my kids to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:25]

once they stop complaining so much. And if you get there the last time I was there, Test Track was pretty busy,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

but my kids were too short. Like, everyone was too short. Mhmm. That that's a pretty fun ride too.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:38]

So my brother got a magical moment

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:40]

for Tusk Track because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:43]

like, we it was our last day at Disney World or whatever, and that's what he really wanted to ride. And, like, all the fast passes at that time were sold out for the day. So I could so he looked sad, and then some cast member came over and invited us into her office at a trash can, and she snuck us in the back way and got us on test track. Oh, that's so funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:03]

That's actually how I got out of Norway. Although they thought my my grandma had a stroke, and and she had it was just it was just eight years earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:10]

That's that's a true story. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:15]

she she just went she just went to ask how long the line was, and next thing I know, they're ushering us in through the ADA entrance, the whole family.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:23]

And my mom was so confused, like, what happened?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:25]

And my grandma

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:27]

my my grandma, she she always knew exactly what she wanted to say. Just sometimes it took a little while to get out, and and she was exhausted. It would it was harder. Right? Well, normally, it was, like, the last thing of the day that we did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

And so she

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:41]

she just looked at my mom and said, Sharon, they thought I had a stroke more recently than I did. That's that's what she said.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:48]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:49]

I miss grandma. Nice. But anyhow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:53]

Just goes to show how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:55]

Disney goes above and beyond with their customer service. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:59]

That's the thing, man. Like, those people are intoxicatingly

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:03]

happy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:04]

That's that's what I love about it. Right? Like, when I walk in the park,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:07]

everybody is so nice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:10]

and and it I it just it overwhelms me how enjoyable things are. So here telling you, Stan, you need to you need to book the cruise. Come to Epcot with us,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:20]

then go on the cruise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:22]

Epcot follow you around from,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:25]

from restaurant to restaurant on the cruise cruise ship. So, like, they become part of your family by the end of the cruise, Stan. That sounds creepy, John. That what you just described, that's called stalking.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:35]

It's illegal in most states.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:37]

Well, unlike by the second night, they have your drink order waiting for you when you go to sit down. Well, how would they know what I want to drink if I would have something to drink that's different every night? I think they would know that too, Stan. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:49]

Well, here John, I'm just gonna I'm a send you a link. I was pulling this up while we're talking for the Mediterranean

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:54]

menu, and you tell me that you can't find something that you would wanna split

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:58]

with missus Kolmeier on the Mediterranean menu. That's another

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:03]

sticking point, Stan. I don't like to share food.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:07]

Oh, yeah. Alright. You're a fool if you go to Epcot and you just decide you wanna eat your way way through it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:12]

This this is, like honestly, Epcot is best with with partners because you can split these foods

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:19]

and and sample stuff, and that's that's the way to go, man. Like, Spice Road table.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:24]

Did you send me the right thing, or am I supposed to click into one of these? Like, the fresh Mediterranean market?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:29]

Yeah. You could do that. Let just click around. Just

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:32]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:32]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:34]

Like looking for a menu and it's like places.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

Alright. I I will send I will send you screenshots, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:39]

So you gotta you gotta pick where you wanna go. That's the whole thing. Right? But but I'm telling you, like, the the secret and this is just my my general advice. The secret to Disney

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:48]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

to focus on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:51]

walk up places. Sit down restaurants are are good. Like, all food at Disney is pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

Most of them tend to be buffets. Right? The non buffets are usually out of this world, but they take a lot of time, and you have to, like, make a reservation and strategize around it. But the key with Epcot is every country has its own food. Right? And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

you you're just best to graze,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:16]

and share, and enjoy, and embrace it. And I remember the last time I was there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

they had a variety of cocktails all around the world.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:24]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:25]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:26]

you know, that's that's another thing you could try. I I wouldn't recommend sharing a cocktail. That sounds awful, but, you know, you could have two or three. You could drink yourself around the world. I think that's even a game.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:38]

Alright. Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

Anyhow, I'm glad, John, just to hear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:43]

that you are now on board with missus Kolmeier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:46]

and you're gonna go to Epcot. So I I am looking forward to on this podcast if we're still doing it in 2022.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:52]

It seems iffy, but A full

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:56]

a full rundown.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

Gotta start recording on weekends or something. So I'm not zoned from my commute home while we're recording. Well, I'm I'm with you there. I'm with you there. But but if there were still this 2022,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:09]

we will do a full rundown of the John Colmire Epcot experience on this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:14]

If we're not still broadcasting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:17]

we will still do an episode.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:18]

Yeah. Just for the one Epcot rundown. How's that? Well, then you gotta pay for our hosting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

So you can keep podcast life. Alright. Well, I'll I'll take that into consideration.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

Hey, before we roll out here, you wanna talk a little bit about how we produce the podcast? This was a question from Jeff L Rod.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:35]

Yeah. So apparently, he has a buddy who wants to get into podcasting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:40]

So I don't know if there's, like, specific questions. But, basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:45]

our setup is we're both using MacBook Pros. We both use Audio Hijack Pro

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:50]

and record locally. I just use a Yeti Blue microphone. You have some new USB microphone.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

Yeah. I'm looking up the name. It's the Audio Technica

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:00]

ATR 2,100

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:01]

x USB cardioid dynamic, and I I strongly recommend

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

this microphone. I actually think that this might be the best

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:09]

entry level podcasting microphone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:12]

on the market right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:15]

You know, let's take it with a grain of salt, but I I really think the setup is good. I think the sound is pretty good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:21]

And it it as far as I can tell, I mean, John, you would know better, It seems to not pick up all of the other noise that's going on around me, which is actually a lot. Right? Yep. And that's that's the key. Right? Is you want a mic that's hot for your voice

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:34]

and nothing else.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:36]

Yeah. That definitely a change there because I used to have to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:40]

remove noise on

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:42]

your track every single week. So Well, and here we are. Yeah. So yeah. We both record locally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:49]

on audio hijack pro. I think Stan has a backup where he's also recording my side of the conversation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:56]

but but I don't do that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:57]

And then,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

yeah, he shares it to me in

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:02]

iCloud Drive,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:03]

and I split them together.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:06]

And it's easy to line up because we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:09]

just do it in one take most of the time. Yeah. Now you don't account for, like, Internet drift at all, do you?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:15]

No. It hasn't been an issue. Yeah. So that sometimes can be a problem if you don't have great Internet connections.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:21]

That's something to be aware of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

That can also be a good reason to record both tracks locally,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

you know, if you do wind up in in a weird situation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:30]

I'm sorry. Maybe you say that. So that's why I wouldn't account for it because I'm using two local tracks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

Well, yeah. But yeah. That's fair. Yep. Yep. Sometimes it can still be a factor. Right? You and I are Yeah. So different planes. But So editing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:45]

like, usually, listen to the whole thing at

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:48]

an accelerated speed.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:50]

But if I am cut for time, basically, I line it up, check the beginning, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:56]

and then spot check throughout,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:58]

and then the ending.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:01]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:02]

maybe you said this. What what do you use to edit it? What app? Uh-huh. So I edit in Amadeus

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:07]

Pro,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:08]

but you can do it in GarageBand.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:10]

You could even do it in Audacity.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:12]

Sometimes their,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:14]

export isn't the highest of quality. It just depends on the weather outside sometimes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:19]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:20]

Amadeus Pro is now in the App Store. You've had this app for a while. Right? Yeah. I mean, I've had this for over a decade now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

Yeah. I think this is just a good all around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:31]

piece of audio editing software.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:35]

GarageBand is good, but I I just I don't know, man. It it's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:39]

it's not intuitive to me. It never has been.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:43]

In addition to everything we just described there, you and I take notes for the show using Apple notes. We just share it, and we've got the collaborative stuff so you can see who does what.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

I could see and we just keep adding episode, episode, episode until notes get sluggish, and then we create a new note. Create a new note. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:01]

You But, like, as far as notes go, like, it's really just ideas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:06]

topics to talk about. It's not anything,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:10]

like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:11]

involved except when Stan takes notes during an Apple event.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:14]

Yeah. Then they get they get really long. But yeah. And I mean Today, we have four bullet points currently, and if we talk about another product, we'll add it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:23]

We're gonna we're gonna not even address one of those. But so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:27]

the other thing then is you host this on a WordPress site

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:32]

with Yeah. Flywheel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:33]

Right? Yeah. So Flywheel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:36]

is the host.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:38]

We take our domain through hover.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:41]

Toastedlemonpod.com

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:42]

is registered through hover. That points to a Flywheel

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:46]

WordPress site.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:48]

We're just using a free theme

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:51]

and a free kind of podcasting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:54]

plugin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:55]

which I think is just called Simply Podcasting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:58]

So that makes

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:59]

your feed easy for iTunes to pick up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:03]

And, yeah, it's just a new post each week.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:07]

What's the show notes in it? And I link to the file that I uploaded into the WordPress media gallery.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:13]

What about stats?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:15]

You use

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:17]

Yeah. So that is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:21]

on the audio file itself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:23]

Yeah. PodTrack is the service

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:25]

on the audio files itself. PodTrack basically will rewrite the URL

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:31]

so that it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:32]

basically redirects and can measure things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:35]

And they've actually made a bunch of great improvements to PodTrack recently.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:40]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:41]

yeah, they're actually focusing on it again, I think. Yeah. For a long time, I feel like they didn't do anything with their product.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:50]

But I don't I don't look at the stats just to be clear, like, don't I don't know anything about that. So Yep. You know. So and, yeah, if you're first starting out, then the WordPress plugin will give you a kind of podcast feed URL that you then go and submit to all the things.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:05]

ITunes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:06]

Overcast,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:08]

Google Play Store. Is it Google Play or I don't I don't remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:12]

So have you done all of those then? All those different submission

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:16]

Yep. Venues? I do all of those. And then if anybody asks,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:20]

hey, I can't find you here, I will go and submit it there as well. I think my brother-in-law used a weird thing. But things like Overcast will pick it up if it's on iTunes. A lot of them will do if it's on iTunes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:32]

I think my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:34]

sense right now is that iTunes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:36]

and Spotify are probably the two most important places to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:40]

to do. Is that is that fair?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:45]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:47]

I I would add the Google one in there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:50]

I can't remember if it's just the Google Play Store or Android podcasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:55]

It's probably Google Play Store. I feel like everything's,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:00]

branded that way these days.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:02]

Play.play.google.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:06]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:07]

I all things considered, right, I I think it's actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:11]

pretty straightforward what you do, you know, your process.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:15]

There's nothing And there are ways to streamline it too if you don't wanna do it as cheap as we're doing it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:21]

And, like, you can just subscribe to some place that will host a podcast for you and just build up the site there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

and they take care of the rest. I used to work for one called Libsyn, but there's there's also just a whole bunch of other

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:34]

sites now

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:36]

that'll get you going, including apps for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:39]

the the iPad.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:41]

Right? That'll allow you to record

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

and and even do, like, broadcast. They'll do ad insertion if you wanna go down that road. We've never messed with ads because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:50]

I mean, who would who would pay us to do this? Right? Like Right. You know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:54]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:55]

lots of stuff out there. You can Google, check it out. And in fact, I think Spotify

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:01]

bought a service and has a product now for broadcasting that makes it really easy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:06]

That wouldn't surprise me. They're going all in on the podcast game and are, like, getting big names to only post their podcasts there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:14]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:15]

Yeah. Which, you know, whatever. So it's podcasters.spotify.com

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:19]

is the site that I was thinking of,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:22]

And their product is called Anchor,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:25]

which which that's what they bought. So anchor.fm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:27]

if you want to go straight there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:29]

And it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:31]

it's kind of an all in one solution. Right? You're still gonna need a microphone. And again, think that Audio Techna ATX that I mentioned,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:38]

is really where it's at.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:39]

But, you know, it's free unlimited hosting. So check it out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:45]

Yep. And then from there, you can get as complicated as you want, like subscription only podcasts or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:52]

insert dynamic

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:54]

ads and things like that. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:56]

I don't wanna put in that amount of effort because I spend all of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:01]

two hours doing this week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:02]

Yep. Yep. I wonder if we should look at this anchor thing. I you know what I don't know is can you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:08]

can you actually get these into iTunes? Or is are they exclusive to?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:12]

That's a good question. Apple iTunes or Spotify rather.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:17]

Because this actually looks pretty compelling. But anyhow,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:20]

neither here nor there. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:22]

hopefully,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:23]

that answers Elrod's question. We'll have to link out to him on Twitter since he pinged us. I miss you Elrod.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:28]

Haven't seen you or talked to in a while, buddy. But that's for another episode. So Was he Sid Finch?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:34]

That's Sid Finch. Yeah. Sid Finch. And that reminds me that if you have not yet written a review on iTunes for us, leave us a five star review if you want us to keep podcasting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:46]

in 2022.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:48]

Five stars only. Anything less can go on Reddit. Yep. Alright, John. It's been great, man. We'll talk to you later. Alright? Later, Stanley. This is Stanley. I'm gonna remind you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen and go. Oh. Get a vaccine and move your booster too.
