---
title: Reunited
episode: 143
date: '2021-07-13T13:39:23.000Z'
slug: reunited/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  The podcast episode discusses John's recent trip to Carmel, Indiana, where he
  visited the Apple Store with Missus Lemon. They purchased an iPad Air, which
  was a new device at the time of purchase, but not the latest model. John
  reflects on why he chose this option over other devices, including the more
  expensive iPad Pro.
keywords:
  - Apple Store
  - iPad Air
  - John's tech purchases
  - Carmel Indiana
  - tech upgrades
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:21]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:24]

You know, Stan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:26]

I did not spell hydrated wrong.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:28]

I I know you didn't, John, but everybody seems to think that you did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:34]

How many text messages did you get? Two.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:36]

Oh, well, nice. Surprisingly, one one wasn't from my mother. I don't think she listens anymore, but usually she would call out spelling errors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:45]

But I Come come back to us mama coalmire. Come back to us. I did spell hydrated with an I on purpose because it matches the brand of that water bottle that we talked about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:56]

It does. And, you know, in hindsight, right, like, think we probably should have discussed how confusing that name is in and of itself. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:06]

But we didn't. And alas, it it it tripped up some of our listeners

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

before they made it to that portion of the podcast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:13]

It is what it is. But it was done purposefully. I do use spell check fairly regularly. So Did do you ever use Grammarly?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:21]

So I did for a while, and then I was running into issues with the app on the MacBook.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:27]

So I turned it off. I think I still have it installed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

I'm a huge Grammarly fan. I use it in Safari all the time, but I also have a plug in for Microsoft Word that I use. Nice. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:39]

I I I also happen to have a premium subscription. Totally worth it if you write

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:43]

more than a few sentences a day,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

and you were not like a crazy English major and copywriter

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:49]

or copy editor whatever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:51]

You should totally get that. I imagine the copy editors love this too because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:56]

it streamlines everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:58]

I mean, yeah. I think to a certain extent, although it could put some of them out of a job. Right? Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

Somebody else is correcting my commas now. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:07]

so John, it's been a hot minute since we've recorded. A lot has happened. I think we've got a fair amount to cover, but this is not the Black Widow episode.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:16]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:17]

Alright. We're I think we're gonna probably try and do a special episode on the Black Widow. What do you think? I think that would be good if we can work around

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:24]

mister Sturdevant's busy schedule.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:26]

Yeah. So, Patty, if you're out there traveling across America like you do in the summer for Higher Things conferences, reach out to us, buddy. We'd like to record with you an episode about Black Widow, assuming that you've seen it because as of late, all of his Marvel TV watching has been behind the curve. Have you noticed that? I have. Yeah. He said he was two weeks behind on Loki.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:46]

Yeah. He's looking he's looking Yeah. At

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:49]

So do you think I mean, let's just speculate here. Do you think he watched Black Widow the day it came out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:56]

I gotta assume he did. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:58]

I mean, you know, the the Patty of old would have not missed it. Right? The Patty of old would have probably watched it in a theater and paid $30 to get it on Disney plus. But but this new Patty, this new Patty that doesn't keep up with Loki when it release is I don't know. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:14]

where what what's what's going on with that guy? So I would Intervention? Say

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

He watched it Saturday at the latest. But if he haven't hasn't seen it already,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:22]

I'm not sure that I know the guy anymore.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:25]

Yeah. Nah. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:27]

oh, John. Anyhow, no

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:30]

spoilers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:31]

I'll just give this quick assessment and that's all I'm gonna say.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:34]

It was good. Yep. I agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

Alright. So you were in town for a bit and we did a few things, most of which I think we we need to discuss on this podcast. Right? Because we covered all the core tenants of this podcast, which are meat rubs, macs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:49]

milkshakes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

mixology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:52]

Mixology?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:53]

Am I missing anything?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:55]

When when did mixology make it onto the list? Well, cocktails doesn't start with an m. So No. I I love it. I just I didn't you know, usually, there were three m's. Now there's a fourth, and and I must have missed the memo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:07]

We'll have to I'll I'll have to check with the rest of the office staff here. So you came to town, to Indianapolis

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

for the July 4 weekend. It was a long weekend. You brought both missus Kolmeier

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:18]

and the dog commonly known as Taliesin.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:21]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

Or Tal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:23]

Or Tal. It's are you guys embracing that name now that now that I've I've bequeathed?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:28]

No. So I don't know. Missus Kollmeyer has like all this psychology around pet animals and you're only supposed to use their name when it's high value. So most of the time, he's just referred to as puppy around here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

Oh, interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:41]

So I called that dog a number of different things, but Tal seemed to stick the most, at least in my ear. And for me, I I we talked about this before. Taliesin

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:50]

always makes me think female dog. I don't know why. I don't know why. It makes no sense. Yeah. But Tal Tal sounded to me like a masculine golden retriever dog. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

it was easier for me to, like, think good boy Tal, you know, rather than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:04]

good girl, tell, yes, and which I kept slipping into. So there you go. You also gave him a voice of his own?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

I did. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

I I I can't lay claim to this whole

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:16]

way of doing things. This is a Dan Ches thing. I'd never experienced someone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:19]

speaking on behalf of a dog in a goofy voice until Dan Ches spoke for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:25]

their dog, or I think their late dog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:29]

And it I, like, killed over laughing. So I did this for Taliesin,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

as well as my dog, Dax, because they had some just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:36]

really hilarious interactions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:38]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:40]

if you're if you're familiar with Disney, Taliesin sounds a lot like Doug, a younger,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:44]

more spry, slightly leaner Doug, you know. Taliesin's got longer legs and, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:51]

let's say leaner hindquarters.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:53]

And then there's Dax who sounds like Roz from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:58]

Monsters Inc, the lady who's taken the paper in the in the office there. Agent number one. Agent number one. Yeah. So, you know, it was enjoyable. But are you are you gonna repeat the voice? Are you gonna like carry this on? Is this gonna be a thing? So the voice has come out a couple times for sure.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:15]

Okay. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:16]

I've left my mark.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:19]

Just like Thales and did in my living room. Multiple times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:23]

Multiple times. That's alright. That's alright. Not the first, not the last. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

but I thought it was a I thought it a pretty good visit. I where do you wanna start? Because we've got a whole, like you said, all the m's. We got a laundry list of things to cover. So I came in on Thursday. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:38]

Let's go chronologically.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:39]

Thursday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:40]

we pretty much immediately go out to a brewery. I don't remember the name of the brewery, but it was good. Met Metazo brewing. Yeah. Metazoa. And apparently, they have a dog park. So one of these times when we bring Taliesin down and he's not completely enthralled with other dogs, we might have to try it out. Now, I specifically took you to this brewery because they have a peanut butter stout, and you claim to be

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:03]

an aficionado

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:04]

of peanut butter stouts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:06]

I enjoy them. Sure. So Okay. What I was really looking for, like, early on in my beer drinking days, like, nut brown ales were big, and I can't find them anywhere. But I just really like that nutty

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:18]

flavor in a beer, and I've only found that with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:21]

peanut butter stouts recently.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:23]

So my experience with peanut butter stouts has been overly sweet and almost like too peanutty.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:29]

The reason I took you to this one is because it's a peanut butter stout that I have had that I enjoy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:34]

You though, I think were a little underwhelmed by the nuttiness of it. Yeah. So it wasn't overly nutty coming through.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:41]

So maybe I just don't like peanut butter stouts, the reason I like this one is because it doesn't taste like a peanut butter stout. But it wasn't a bad beer by any stretch of the imagination.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:51]

And then we did like this Earl Grey

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:55]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

I I don't remember what the actual underlying beer was, it had a very distinct clear Earl Grey tea taste to it. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:04]

I I enjoyed it. I don't know that I would order it, like, repeatedly, but I thought it was good. Yep. It was good. There was another weird tasting one that also tasted good. Not weird tasting, but, like, it sounds like it would be weird tasting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:18]

Well, you and I, I think we did a different beer at the onset. So, I think we both did the Earl Grey one, which was my Right. Second beer. Don't even remember what I had at the onset. It didn't leave that last sort of an impression. But, we basically stuck to things, seasonal things that were

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:32]

different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:33]

Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:35]

And that was a setup, I think. So we brought home a growler

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:38]

in preparation

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

to fulfill my New Year's resolution of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

brewing beer with John Kollmeyer. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:47]

So John, having now brewed a Cezanne, which I might have ruined by the way, but we'll Oh, no. Know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:54]

What what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:56]

what's what's the verdict? Is this something that you could see yourself doing again? Because you were very, like, not interested in brewing beer. Yeah. So I don't see me doing this by myself.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:05]

I I think I figured out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:07]

one of the differences between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:10]

you and me and that's that you have missus Lemon who really enjoys doing this stuff and missus Colmire does not. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:19]

Missus Colmire did hang outside while we were brewing for a bit. I I think you're hitting on a very important point, which I I believe that brewing is a team sport. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:29]

And so if you are out around the kettle by yourself, I think you're missing out on a key component of making your own beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:36]

The other key component, right, is that you're drinking beer while you're making it. But Of course. You know. So so we brewed we brewed beer. You were sous chef extraordinaire.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:46]

I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:48]

runner

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:49]

to let missus Lemon know the status and when we would need the next things. It's okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:54]

We because normally, she's sitting out when you were sitting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:58]

and and she's, like, making sure that the next thing that we have to use is sanitized. Right? Because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

contamination is the enemy when you're I mean, with wine or with beer. Yeah. Or or bread for that matter. Right? Like, if you're using a living orgasm or organism,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:13]

like yeast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:14]

you're gonna have to you're gonna have to oh, jeez.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:19]

You're gonna have to bleep that out, and then we'll yeah. Don't worry about editing this. Oh my gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:28]

What are you gonna say?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:29]

How do I rebound from that?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:32]

When you're dealing with a living organism,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:34]

you don't wanna kill it. So there you go. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:38]

so we brewed the saison. You're gonna come back hopefully in the fall if I didn't completely kill this beer. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:43]

I guess I should probably explain that. Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:46]

Alright. So the instructions for this beer said to put it in a warm place. Right? Which we did. We left it in the garage because the house was consistently 73 degrees, the basement consistently 68.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:58]

To me, warm means 80 degrees or warmer. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:02]

What I noticed is that on day one and day two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:05]

the airlock was just bubbling constant at top of the carboy. So if you're not familiar with brewing, carboy, right, it's just a big big five gallon container. Right? It's like, if you've ever had a water dispenser, that thing on top is like a plastic carboy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

And you have a lid on it, and then there is an airlock which just prevents

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:23]

allows for air to escape

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:26]

without

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:27]

allowing anything to go in, because there's water through this like little tubules. You can you can Google it, check it out. But bottom line is, it was going crazy. Right? The the yeast was super active.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:38]

And then, I don't know if it was the day before you left or the day you left. I looked, was like, wow. That's like completely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:45]

inactive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:46]

and it looks to me like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:48]

the the like the cap that floats on the top of like all the yeasty TV has sunk to the bottom, which was way earlier than I expected. Right. And so I reached out to Northern Brewer, which is where I bought the recipe from. This they've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:01]

their

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:02]

website is great. They've usually got great deals, but the best part of their whole setup is you can email them about the beer that you're brewing with questions, and they will answer you. Not necessarily in real time, but like pretty quickly. I've asked them, like, hey, did I ruin my yeast? Hey, you know, am I missing a part? Like, kinds of things over over the the time that I've been brewing. But this one was, hey, did I script my beer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

And so there's a strong chance that my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:29]

garage got too warm Yep. For the particular yeast that we were using.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:33]

And apparently, there's this, like, tussle alcohol that can form after the yeast has been, like, you know, completely exhausted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:41]

So they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:43]

urged me to bring it in as quickly as possible, so I did that. Then they urged me to taste it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

to see if it tasted solvent y. And missus Lemon, I both tried it, and it does not taste solvent y. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:56]

we might not have ruined it, but it was a little touch and go there for a hot melt.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:02]

Well The the thing the weather here has been nuts. Right? The day we brewed, it was in the seventies, and the the garage was maybe 76.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:10]

Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:11]

But by the time we got through the fourth, the the garage was like 88, 89 inside,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:18]

because it was so bloody hot out. So Yep. I don't know how people do this. It's so stressful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:24]

I don't know, man. I hope it turns out. But brewing beer was fun. I'm glad you could cross off your list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:30]

Yep. Yep. So I marked that off on the New Year's list, but I guess we're gonna talk about that later. But, that was that was day two. Right? Which I guess that was

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:38]

was it the Saturday? That would've been Friday. Right? It was a Friday. That's right. Yeah. And so I don't even remember what we did Saturday. Was Saturday the wine tasting?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:49]

No. That would have been Friday too, wouldn't it? Oh, yeah. Gosh. Yeah. So so much, Sean. Yeah. So we tasted our wines that we both started with the same kit.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:58]

Right. When did we do this? This was several months back. We both ordered the exact same wine kit. I wanna say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:04]

Yeah. Let's go with that. So we both ordered the same wine kit. We both made it. We both bottled it. And we took the opportunity to bring those bottles

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:12]

side by side and pour,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:15]

you know, little samples and then compare them. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

So I thought this is really interesting because I honestly expected them to be almost the same. Right. What about Same. I expected that too. And they were totally different. I mean, were like wildly different. So now, they're both Cap Cap Saves. Right? So they were like within the right realm of of wine, but and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

dear listener, I should be clear, like, am not a wine aficionado by any stretch. I like wine that is wet and occasionally dry. Right? So, you know, that that's a pretty pretty broad spectrum. I prefer red. I don't know why, but I do, and, you know, here we are.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:52]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:54]

John, I think you did the best job describing these two. Why don't you go for it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:58]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

man. I gotta think back now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:04]

Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:06]

So we'll start with yours. We tasted

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:09]

I think we tasted mine first technically. And I think mine was a more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:14]

consistent taste throughout the whole palate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:16]

Whereas yours started out

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:19]

kinda got punched with this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:22]

fruit forward flavor and then you had a nice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:27]

I guess I'll call it a spice at the back of the tongue.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:31]

It's The spice. Like that wine sharp flavor that you would expect.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:35]

Yep. Whereas mine didn't have that at all.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:39]

I think in mine, the oak came out more and I might have left the oak trips in longer than you did too. So that I think you did. Yeah. And and I mean, maybe that's something I'll try in the future because, yeah, you you definitely had an oakier taste to yours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:53]

So again, like, I'm not I'm not a wine taster. I just like wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:58]

But I think the important

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

takeaway here if you are not familiar with, wine tasting in general is you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:04]

let the wine go over all of your tongue. Right? Yep. So you get kinda like the full profile, because different parts of your tongue are gonna pick up different, like, parts of the wine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

And so what John is saying is, like, his wine was consistent in all parts of the tongue. Right? Now, he uses the fancy word palette. Palette.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

Palette.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:21]

And and mine was fruit forward meaning like it tasted grapey,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:25]

right, on the front.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:27]

And then on the back, spicy. Think it's a good way to good way to put it. So Yeah. There are some great YouTube videos that teach you all about wine tasting.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:36]

So you should check those out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:38]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

in terms of texture,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

I felt like yours also had a consistency from from start to finish. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

Mine was like buttery in the front and a little more crisp in the back. That's the way that I would describe it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:53]

I don't know. So, you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:55]

interesting exercise. Have you decided when you're gonna make your next round of wine? I have not,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:01]

but I've got three on an Amazon wish list.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:04]

So I think I got a Shiraz,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:07]

a Malbec,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:09]

and then, like, the premium and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:12]

Old Vines and Fidel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

Now, aren't you supposed say Shirah?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

Isn't the z like silent? I have no idea.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:19]

Yeah. See, don't know either, but I would love to do that one. If you if you want, we could try this next and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:24]

give the shirah

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:26]

Okay. Another another pass. I think the other difference between our wines that we didn't mention is you bottled

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:32]

at least four weeks earlier than me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

So yours has been in the bottle developing flavor

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:38]

for about a month longer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:40]

Aged a bit. Yeah. Well, you know, I mean, it's kinda like describes you and me. Right? I'm Right. We're You're old and a bit. Yeah. Old and gray. So much gray, which you took every opportunity to point out, by the way. I don't. Yeah. Yeah. Like And Lucy. John John was constantly mentioning the gray in my beard, the gray in my hair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

So thank you, John, for making me feel old. Any kind So that that was Friday. And then was Saturday Wile E Palooza day?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:08]

No.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:09]

Man, I can't Monday was Wile E Palooza.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

Did we do on Saturday? We

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:16]

went to church. We went to church. Did we do we've recovered in the morning.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:20]

Yeah. Yeah. Because I will say, when you have multiple bottles of wine, which was required in order to do the kind of analysis that we wanted on these these recipes. Right? And there were how many We had five people tasting wine.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:35]

Yeah. But we went through what? Like four or five bottles? We went through four bottles. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:39]

So anyhow, suffice to say, we're also up pretty late till 3AM. Late.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:44]

So Saturday was recovery day, a rest and relax day. That let's call it rest and relax. I don't like the the term recovery. Yeah. Because I I was fine. I was just tired.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

Sunday was the big day though

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:56]

in terms of festivities. Oh, you know what we did do Saturday? We set up the brisket. We set up the brisket. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:03]

that was the day you got your call.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

My call. Oh, yes. My call. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:11]

dear listener, last year so first of all, I'm I grew up just outside Chicago. Fireworks are illegal, or they were I don't know if they still are. But they were illegal in Illinois and where I grew up, and so nobody ever launched them. Plus, you know, my dad was a was a high school teacher, and so, like, kinda following the rules was important in our house.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:28]

Consequently, I never did this. Like, I never launched fireworks. And last year, my neighbor next door was launching fireworks. I was like, oh, this is awesome.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:37]

They put on a great show, and I told them, like, hey, next year, why don't why don't you let me chip in? I'll just double whatever you whatever you did, and and we can have an even bigger show. So that was the plan. Right? And I, you know, was thinking like 200,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:50]

maybe $300 worth of fireworks. Yep. So my neighbor, Mike, and I went to the fireworks store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

We got a little out of control, because when you're there and you start buying stuff, suddenly everything looks cool. I bought, you know, I don't know, like $330

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:04]

worth. Together, the two of us had about $700 worth of fireworks, which is a lot. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:09]

Now granted,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:10]

it's not as much as you think, because,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:15]

you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

can buy like, buy a $30 firework box. Right? And it's really only like thirty seconds of of a light show. So, you know, you just you start thinking about like dollar per second,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:27]

and you have to really love this in order for the satisfaction rate to be high.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:32]

And and I turns out I really love this. So as we were leaving,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:36]

the owner of these the store the fireworks store that we we bought at,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:40]

put our names into a raffle,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

which for this thing called the son of a beast. It was this huge box of $800 worth of fireworks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:50]

Now, never my wildest dreams did I think, oh, yeah, we might win that. Right? Because I don't win stuff. Right? Right. And, you know, my neighbor kinda just laughed it off too. Well then, Saturday night, I get this phone call,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

and the this is how it goes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:05]

It's number I don't recognize, why I answered it is still beyond me. Maybe I had a feeling. I don't know. But it was like, hey, this is Lynn, and you just won.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

I was like, what where in the world what did I win? You know? And the next thing she says is that the sheriff pulled your name. And now I'm thinking,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:22]

oh crap. Right? Like, what does this mean? And then eventually, she clarifies that she's from the fireworks place, and we won the raffle. And I couldn't believe it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:30]

You seemed a little

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:32]

I had no idea what was going on. I had no idea that there was a raffle that was happening or that this was So a real

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:39]

are so excited, and you don't tell me what's going on before you go and tell your neighbor Mike who you bought the fireworks with. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

And then then I'm like, hey, we gotta go we gotta go pick these up. We we, you know, drag John along. So we drive out there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

and we go get this box, and we had to take my neighbor's truck because

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:57]

the thing was just so stinking big. I would have had to put down all the seats in the van. Yeah. To put this in there. So we load it up, we come home, and then we start doing the math, and we realize we now have $1,500 worth of fireworks, and there's only so much that you can light off

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:10]

in a certain amount like like in a window of time. Right? And so we we came to the conclusion, rightfully I think, that we would not have enough time on July 4 to light all these.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:21]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

ad hoc, spur the moment, last minute, we begin launching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:27]

for what lasted for what? Like two hours and change? About two hours.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:31]

Yeah. Now, we had lots of like, you know, it wasn't like back to back launching because we were learning. So we had to like, you know, remove the fuses that were taped to to the shells and things of that sort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:42]

And we were just grabbing stuff randomly. But we launched fireworks for close to two hours, and I think we put on a pretty good show. Yeah. I definitely would agree.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:50]

Now, was the show the following night, which we did more preparation for,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

and we I think we had, like, less delay between launches. Is that better or worse? What do you think?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

I would say probably better. Yeah. I would say too. So there was definitely there was this moment where we were dropping shells into the tubes,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

and I had bought Four at a time. Four at a time. Yeah. Four tubes. John

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:15]

would drop them, and I would run by and light them. They would, you know, fire off, and then I would yell, reload.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:21]

And John would run back. And I had

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:24]

the night before, we had had all this trouble with the Bic lighters that we were using. And so I went out and I bought little mini blow torches.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:31]

And those worked so great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

So so we I don't know. How long would you say we launched fireworks for on night two?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

So I believe missus lemon missus lemon said forty five minutes in total.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:43]

I it feels like it was so much longer I than mean, there were sparklers and stuff, and we like started with smoke bombs earlier. So I don't know if that's included or not. But Probably not. And those silly cars that didn't really do anything. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:55]

So those are things that were in the box. Like, we we spent some time before it got dark launching what I'd call the trivial stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

We did we did light, what would you say, about a 100 sparklers, because we probably did 40 ish the night before, and we had a 144 total.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:11]

And so that was so much easier with a blowtorch too to light a bunch of those, and then hand them off to kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:16]

So but we had a good time. The cleanup was a bit intense, I Yeah. Would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:22]

We cleaned up a little bit the night of, and then some more the next day. There was debris everywhere. We

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

wised up on day two, and we used the leaf blower, which was a game changer, I think. Yeah. From from the sweeping. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:36]

I I just don't know how we outdo this next year, John. And notice I say we because I was There's like, you're coming back for the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:42]

no calendar invite yet. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:45]

I we can fix that right now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:47]

So I I do like, was a ton of fun, and on the fourth so we we set that brisket before all of the Yeah. Firework raffle stuff happen stuff happened.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:57]

The following day, we ate that brisket. Yes, we did. Have you ever smoked a brisket before, John? I have not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

So this was what we figured eighteen hours, that brisket. We actually had two briskets

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:09]

that we ate. Yeah. So it went on, you said at five,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:14]

and then took it off.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

I thought it was like two or three. So it was longer than eighteen hours.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:20]

Is that when he took it off? I thought so. He took one brisket off early. I don't know. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:25]

Suffice to say, these were probably in the like eighteen to twenty hour range.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:29]

There were two of them. We also have pork shoulder and a pork roast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:32]

I don't think anybody remembers the pork shoulder or the pork roast Yeah. Because the brisket

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

just outshined everything. This this piece of meat

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:41]

so delightful when done well, and it soaked up that smokiness in that smoker, like like, I could not have possibly imagined. Yep. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:50]

did it exceed your expectations, John? Absolutely. It was delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:54]

And the best the the best part was that the following day, we had a whole other brisket. We had a half brisket for our family

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:02]

to to clean up. And that stuff's actually pretty good cold

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:05]

Yeah. Which I didn't I don't think I realized how good it was cold, but it was. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:10]

we ate on that. So that I'd like I mean, that was a total win. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:15]

Now you have to do another brisket. I should do a but it would take lots and lots of effort and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:21]

lack of sleep. So So I I am looking at an Ace Hardware

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:27]

online

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:28]

cart right now that has the trigger smoker that I want to fully automate this. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:34]

The only that's that's that I'm just like, I gotta get I gotta get the gumption to hit the button and check out. But it's there, including the cover and the special tray that Fanker told me to buy and wood pellets. Like, I got it all picked out. Nice. And apparently, expensive enough that I get free delivery and setup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

Which actually raises an interesting question. If somebody was going to set up a grill or smoker for you, would you let them?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:57]

So my smoker came fully assembled from Lowe's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:01]

and my grill was assembled too from Lowe's.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:04]

No kidding. I don't think I realized that. Alright. Well, maybe I should just do it then. Yeah, man. Like, they put this stuff together all the time. Like, you should probably check it and make sure it looks right. But,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:15]

yeah, it's it's not worth the time and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:18]

all the little pieces and stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:20]

So so you're saying I should just pull the trigger on this smoker?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:23]

Yeah. Even though right now, I I don't even have plans to smoke anything?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:26]

If you have the smoker, you'll start smoking things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:30]

What yeah. The question is, can I smoke things other than meats? Like, I've not I've not ever really done that. I know Fanker does, like, salt and cheese and all kinds of things. But So I think those are both

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:40]

cold smoking. So you don't usually do that in the summer because it's too hard to control the temperature.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:46]

Oh, okay. That makes sense. That makes sense. But you could do, like, brussels sprouts or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:50]

something like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:53]

Oh, brussels sprouts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:55]

I wonder how that would taste. Delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:57]

You probably can't go wrong there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

Alright. Well, man, should I just should I just hit checkout? Should I do it right now while I do a podcast? Do you have a lawn mower in there too?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:07]

I don't because I've been able to find the lawn mower.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:09]

By the way, the lawn mower is a lot cheaper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:12]

I shouldn't say cheaper, lot less expensive than the smoker. Well, that means you gotta use the smoker at least once a week, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:18]

Well, that's what I keep thinking, like so so this brisket has, like, reignited,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:22]

pun intended,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:23]

this desire to smoke meat again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:27]

I you know, when I first got the smoker, I have a I have a pretty it's not as it's not as involved

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:32]

as yours, but Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:34]

I have a smoker that requires a lot of time and effort,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:38]

and it you know, like it was fun at the onset as you're learning, then it becomes this point where it's like, I just want smoked meat without all of the the like effort.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:48]

Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:49]

And numb things every 45 minutes. Yeah. You know, and like, especially when you do a smoke like this brisket, right, which is overnight,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

you know, at

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:57]

my age, you just you feel completely exhausted the next day. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

I I love the idea of like a set and forget and then just kinda Yeah. And I think you'll find yourself doing more like chicken thighs and fish that are shorter smokes too because it's not as much of an investment to get it up to temperature and run them.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:16]

I have never done a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:19]

a piece of fish on the smoker. I I'm ashamed to say that because I like fish. I like smoked fish. I just have never done it. So Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:27]

So I I think you will find uses for this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:30]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:32]

apparently, I'm outside of the store delivery area for the store I picked. I don't know what that's about.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

I'm gonna I'm gonna have to revisit that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:41]

Let's continue though. So we that was brisket was how we

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

I don't know it's how we ended the fourth, but it would like the fourth bled over into the fifth, and that's what we did. Now, the fifth was Wileepalooza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:54]

day and this is where we get our milkshakes. So we we've dealt with the meat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

Right? So the fifth becomes first milkshakes, where we went up to Wileapooza. I I've actually been there with your parents, but never you. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:06]

I think I took Mark and Susan there once before. Actually, I'm sure I did for Gen Con. So, like, truthfully, almost everyone in my life except you has been to this place. And you found this place because of me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:18]

Right? I don't no. No. No. I don't think so. Because we were doing all of our milkshake reviews?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:23]

No. Well, that's why I tried a milkshake there the first time, but normally we go for ice Right? Sure. So and I I think that was I think that was pre

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

pre discussing ice cream. I'll have to check with missus Lemon. But suffice to say, what we did eventually find out was that your go to place for a milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:38]

uses the exact same ice cream that Wilepalooza does. Well, not my go to place for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

milkshakes, because my place does not make milkshakes very well. Okay. But you're you're go to place for for ice Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:50]

And Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

So we've talked about this before, but basically, this ice cream has a higher fat ratio in it, so it just tastes better. In my opinion, this is the premier place to get ice cream in Indianapolis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

You and I both got a milkshake. Do you recall what you got? So I got the peanut butter something or other.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

Something that is very specific.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:13]

Both of both of those. Let's see if we can Yeah. Pull this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:16]

Oh, we we should prep. So the ice cream brand is chocolate

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

shop ice cream. I think they were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:23]

they're based out of Madison, Wisconsin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

That sounds right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:28]

I think you got the so there's peanut butter cookie dough, peanut butter cup, and peanut butter hearts, I see. Peanut butter heart. That was it. Peanut butter hearts. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:37]

I went with This Just Got Serious. The the challenge with This Just Got Serious is that there are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:42]

what are they called? What's the nut?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

It's not a nut, but you know what I mean. Cashew. Cashew.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:48]

Thank you. So they're a bunch of cashews, and those don't go up the straw very well. But otherwise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:53]

it's a well situated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:54]

ice cream for a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

I shared one of mine with missus Lemon because I I didn't wanna go into a calorie coma.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

You had your own. You rocked it out.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:03]

What was the verdict, John? We didn't even talk about these milkshakes. It was so good, man. So there are actual peanut butter cup pieces that didn't come up with straw,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:12]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:13]

slurpability

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:14]

was great. Thanks in part to the actual milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:17]

straw.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

Flavor was good. Whipped cream on top was amazing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

So can't go wrong, man. I would go back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:26]

Oh, there we go. That's a that's a great endorsement from John Stotts. Not as good as what still holds the best milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:33]

which was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:35]

I don't even remember the name of the place in Nashville.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:38]

That's Just down the way from Hattie B's? Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:42]

You you need to find the name of this place and we need to take a should

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:47]

go down to Nashville sometime.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:49]

It would be it'd be a ton of fun. I wonder if we could, rent a house in Nashville

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:54]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:55]

maybe even lug the families along, or should we just do a guys weekend?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:00]

I think families would be fun, or

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:02]

you and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:04]

and missus Lemon can decide if you wanna bring the kids or not.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:08]

Lucy, if you're listening. I love you. I'd rather leave you at home.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

Now,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:14]

I It was Eliston

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:16]

Place Soda Shop.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

There you go. Eliston Place Soda Shop. We gotta make a visit. That's on the list.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:23]

Bottom line, we need to talk about this because I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:25]

one, I've I've spoken, I think, extensively about Wileepalooza

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:29]

on this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:30]

and the milkshakes and the quality milkshakes

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:33]

that that I've gotten there. I've contrasted to pretty much every other milkshake I've ever reviewed on this podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:39]

This was your first go around. You said nothing, but you smiled and you drank the whole thing. I did. So that was a good sign of my book.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

So I figured I the whole time I figured, like, if there was a problem I would've of all people, you you you would've you would've let me know right there. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:56]

we got a picture, a a new milkshake milkshake picture. It's been a couple of years since we had a milkshake picture. So we'll have to we'll have to share that. So that is the cover photo on Facebook now, and it got a lot of likes from people who I wouldn't expect it to get a lot of likes, and a lot of comments on the gray in your beard.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:12]

Oh, jeez.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:13]

So much gray. So much gray. Alright. So we we finished the milkshakes. We dropped everybody off at the house. Yes. And then you and I headed north

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

We did. To Carmel,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:25]

to the Apple Store. The Apple Store. And oddly enough oddly enough, John, this trip was not for me. No. This was for me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:32]

You came away almost empty handed but you're a lovely No. No. I came away empty handed. The only thing I bought was for missus Lemon. Right. I came away empty handed. In fact, it's probably the first time in like two decades that I walked into an Apple store and didn't walk out with anything for myself. You were close though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:47]

But yes. So I had in my mind that I would probably be making a stop at the Apple store

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:53]

while I was on vacation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:56]

For what? It was between an iPad or new phones.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:00]

Missus Colmire talked me out of the new phones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:04]

As as she should have. I've told you multiple times. Right? Like, when you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:09]

buying an iPhone, unless you want to be grossly out of date, is is best done in the fall. Yep. Right? So anytime from launch till the end of the year, that's the window. So launch is usually like September.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:22]

So if you're looking for an iPhone, that's the time that you should buy one. Right. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:27]

if you have an emergency come up, that's totally totally cool. Like, you do what you gotta do. But in your situation,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:33]

you know, it's couple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:35]

more months. Yeah. Yeah. You you've been sporting this thing around for so long, like suck it up buttercup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:41]

But But you haven't had an iPad forever. Right? I have not. The last one was the, what, third generation mini?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:49]

And like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:50]

the device has changed so dramatically. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:54]

So So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:55]

first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

was it just not having a reliable phone that pushed you to an iPad or were there other factors too? So I think that the phone was the biggest part.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:04]

Also,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:05]

like, I pretty much leave my laptop on the desk at this point, so I never really take it upstairs with me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:12]

And,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:13]

like, I just thought of a bunch of times, like, sitting out on the deck. It would be nice to have an iPad out there or our

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:21]

main living room has no screens whatsoever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:24]

So just sitting on the iPad on the couch or something like that would be good too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:30]

Alright. And so you pull the trigger and you got the cheapest

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:35]

iPad you could find base model two generations behind. Right? Because that's what John I Kumar do not buy two generation behind. I always buy the most current version when I actually buy something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:45]

Okay. But But you just you just got the base model. Right? I I was very close because the base model is a great piece of hardware. It's a fantastic piece of hardware. But I fully endorse it. Thanks to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:58]

the time of year that I was buying this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:01]

I splurged a little and I went with the iPad Air because this is the one that actually caught my eye when it was announced,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:06]

and I was kind of excited about it back then.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

The price point was just something I wanted to get over. But, you know, extra paychecks in June and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

missus Kolmeyer is still gonna be working full time. I went with the iPad I

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:21]

have no need for an iPad Pro.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:23]

That, like, I just don't.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:26]

We'll we'll come back to that in just one second. Alright. So what what was it about the iPad Air that caught your eye as you said when it was announced? So when it was announced, it was,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:36]

the processor,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:37]

battery life.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:38]

It's a beautiful device.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:40]

So is this the only one that doesn't have the home button now?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

Or does the Pro not have a home button anymore? The the Pro doesn't have a home button. So it's only the the base model that still has a home button. And then, like the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:56]

spatial audio,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:58]

they use the air when they were showing that off originally, like, where if you hold the iPad off to the side, everything adjusts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:05]

So, yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:07]

came in blue, pretty colors.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:09]

Yeah. The the colors, I think, are fantastic on this. I know a few people now who've gotten blue, and I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

I think about, like, what would I get?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:18]

And I cannot decide. And unfortunately, they don't have that beautiful purple from the iPhone 12

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:23]

Yeah. In Yet. In in the iPad. Not yet. Not yet. Maybe wait this time. You

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:28]

mentioned the processor. The processor is the a 12 or a 14, excuse me. Yep. Which is the exact same processor that is in the iPhone twelve

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:35]

and and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:36]

twelve Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:38]

which is a fantastic chip.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:40]

Rumors are that the m one is loosely based upon the a 14. The m one is what is in the Apple Silicon Max, as well as the iPad Pro.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:50]

So we're like, you're you're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:52]

Apple Silicon, first of all, is superior to pretty much everything else out there, but you're like the creme de la creme Yep. With this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:00]

What do you think of the Touch ID in this? Because it's it's got the Touch ID on the button on the side, which is a little different.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:07]

So far, it has worked, and it hasn't annoyed me. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:39:11]

Okay. I'm pro. It works more consistently than the Touch ID on my iPhone eight. So Well, your iPhone eight is is got one foot out the door, man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:21]

We we did a side by side test with my iPad Pro, which is a few years old, you know, in in its defense, and this iPad Air. Same song, just comparing speaker quality. Your

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:32]

your iPad Air speakers are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:34]

like, stellar. Like Yep. Legitimately stellar. The sound quality is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:39]

The screen is beautiful.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

Like, I I told you the thing that's caused me pause is my current iPad has a 120 hertz refresh rate. The iPad Air doesn't. But watching

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:51]

you with yours,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:52]

I'm not sure that I actually could tell, which is different than what I like at my kids, especially Henry and Lucy's, are older. Yeah. I can I can see the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:01]

it's it's one of those things you would never know that there's a little bit of a jumpiness to it until you see that higher refresh rate? Yeah. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:09]

I am amazed at how low

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:12]

I have had the brightness on this thing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:15]

consistently,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:16]

and I have no desire to turn it up to make it brighter. It doesn't seem dim. So that's been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:21]

huge for battery life, for everything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:24]

Yeah. There are ton of nits in that little display. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:27]

you you got all set up. How was that experience?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:31]

Setup was great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:32]

I restored from my iPhone backup actually. So I put, like, everything that I have relegated to the app library on the,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:40]

iPad because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:42]

no app library on iPad for another couple weeks. So Not yet. Not yet. It's coming. It's coming. So that required some cleanup.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:52]

But otherwise, yeah, it just brought over all my key chain data. So I connected right up to your Internet and stuff like that, and it was great.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:01]

Conversely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:02]

the Apple TV that was handed down to me,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:07]

much more hands on to set up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:10]

Yeah. Yeah. The Apple TV setup is not nearly as smooth, unfortunately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:13]

I I have said multiple times. I think we actually berated

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:17]

Mark Buto last time he set up an an iPhone net new. Yep. With with iPhones, like, I I think if you've been using computers for a long time, right, you know, you get a new device and you just start fresh. Right. But I have I have long said

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:30]

that with an iPhone,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:31]

the best thing to do is to restore from a backup. It works great. Yeah. Like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:37]

every time. And I've got some weird stuff that I do unique to my device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:42]

and it still works great. And it's such a huge time saver. Such a huge time saver.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

Yep. I've I've never thought to set up an iPad from an iPhone though, so I might I might have to give that a try. There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

alright. Did you get some AirPods too? Because I did get AirPods

**SPEAKER_1** [00:41:59]

because missus Kolmeyer is a teacher, so she got her education discount.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:04]

And that came with AirPods,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:07]

But they have not been opened yet because both her and I have AirPod Pros.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:12]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:13]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:14]

she's got she's an extra pair for something, I'm sure. Right. So you and I were in the store and there were two things that I wanted to call out that we did. First of all, we walked over, we looked at the iPad Pro,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:24]

both the 11 inch and the 12.9 inch version.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

The 12.9 inch version has a it's like XDR screen. I don't remember what the brand is. But basically, it's as close to a reference monitor as you're gonna get in a portable device. Now, if you're like, what's a reference monitor? This is usually like a $40,000

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:41]

screen that has perfect color. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:45]

So it's it's like next level. It's not like the crummy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:50]

screen that you have in your office. This is like really

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:54]

really spectacular.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:55]

And I would say that the 12.9 inch iPad Pro

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:58]

had a really spectacular screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:00]

But that's not what I was talking about. The thing that that threw me off is it doesn't look like a monster anymore. Like a beast, you know. And I don't know if that's just because they've reduced the bezels or what the deal is, but it actually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:12]

was a I thought a pretty comfortable size in my hand, and I was not expecting that. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:17]

I hadn't pulled the trigger.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:19]

You you almost did when we were in that store.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:21]

I I came dangerously close. I came dangerously close.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:25]

The other thing that we did is we went and we tried on a pair of AirPods Max Yeah. Which is I I don't know. What was the price point of these? Like $5,600?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:32]

Yeah. Something crazy. And Outside my price And we poo pooed it when it was announced.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

Well, we did. You know, like, who's gonna buy these? And then I actually come to find out that I do know people that that that have them. But they're $549,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:44]

and

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

the you know, these are over ear headphones. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:48]

I'm pretty sure they're wireless. We the ones we use were wireless. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:53]

And they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:54]

have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:56]

unbelievably good sound quality. Like, I was blown away

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:00]

by the the demo reel that they had playing playing music.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:04]

The other thing was that the noise cancellation on these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:07]

is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:08]

like, I no matter what I say on this podcast,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:12]

it will be unbelievable,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:13]

because you have to go and try them. I was in a crowded Apple store

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:17]

with tons of noise, and they were probably pumping white noise into the room too, because that's what you do in a space like that. Right. And suddenly,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:24]

it would like, all I could hear was the music. All of that sound went away.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:29]

I don't know how they did it. Like, it's it's a really unbelievable experience to put them on, and and you tried them too. I did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:35]

They're also very comfortable,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:37]

which is not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:44:39]

something that's easy to find with over the ear headphones.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:43]

Yeah. They these put the Beats to shame in terms of comfort by by a huge margin. They've got a really interesting, like, band over the top.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:52]

They're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:53]

I I don't know how to describe this. Like, there's a there's a a rubber

**SPEAKER_0** [00:44:57]

outline to the band, and then there's like a mesh material. Right. And the mesh material's a little springy, so they they didn't sit hard or heavy on the top of your head. Likewise,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:07]

the I I don't know what to call them. The the muff around the ear

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:13]

seemed very breathable, which was weird considering the noise cancellation was was so good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:18]

These again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:20]

I've ridiculed these

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:23]

on multiple occasions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:25]

But having now tried them,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:27]

I I understand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:29]

I get it. I I totally understand why people would buy these.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:32]

It was a truly beautiful sound. I think the thing for me is if I were to get this particular pair of headphones,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:39]

I would stop listening to music on speakers. Oh, yeah. Right? Definitely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:45:42]

Because it's there's just no comparison. There there really isn't. So I I don't Did you look to see if you get your education discount on these? I did not.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:51]

But I can't imagine it would be much.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:54]

Well So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:45:56]

missus Colmire and I I've been using the iPad Air a lot, but missus Colmire and I actually watched Black Widow on it And we did that thing where we paired two pairs of AirPod Pros to it and watched it in the virtual surround sound and on that Beetle screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:13]

And it was a fairly enjoyable experience.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:16]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:18]

I I can't imagine,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:20]

like, watching on iPad for the first time. I I mean, I'm I'm not knocking because it's a beautiful I figure I got three months to watch this before everybody who didn't wanna pay for it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:29]

Yeah. So you you sprung you sprung for it. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:46:33]

I like, how did the how did the pairing work? I've never done this. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:38]

you go in and you pair your first pair like normal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:41]

And then when you pull down control center and it's in like that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:46]

thing where you can cast it to different devices, like if you wanna play through your AirPod or something like that, there's a share audio button.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:46:53]

And then the share audio basically says, hey. Bring the AirPods over and sync them up. Then it's the same syncing process there.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:03]

They're both individually volume controlled. So if somebody wants theirs louder, then they can do it. You can turn transparency on one set and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:11]

noise cancellation on the other.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:14]

And it was What did you do? Did you use noise cancellation while you're watching the So I started with noise cancellation.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:20]

At some point, I turned it off just because there was, like, storm happening outside, and I wanted to make sure the dog wasn't freaking out. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:27]

Alright. For those that are following along at home, there is no education discount for the AirPod Max. So there you go. Which is a shame because it would be great in computer labs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:36]

Oh, it'd be fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:37]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:40]

cool, man. Well, I'm so glad to hear that on on multiple fronts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:43]

Bottom line, think AirPod Max,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:46]

I I can't ridicule it the way that I did before. Right. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:49]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:47:50]

Still too to me, unfortunately. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:53]

Maybe.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:47:54]

I don't know, man. I'm gonna there's I I feel like I have a moment of weakness coming up. I I can just sense it, you know. I don't know exactly what I'm gonna buy, but it'll be something. If we can figure out how to monetize the podcast, we can business expense it for editing purposes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:09]

There you go. Could we do like a Patreon, get me AirPod Max? There you go.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:15]

Alright. So that was I think that was the last of the festivities

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:18]

on that Friday. Oh, no. No. No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:21]

Mixology.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:22]

Yes. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:24]

we wanted to make cocktails. You said you don't like gin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:27]

so

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:28]

I settled on

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:30]

gin. We went to the liquor store and It is hold on hold on this pause for a moment. So when you hang out with John and you say something like, I don't like x.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:39]

John immediately starts to think, well, how how can I prove that you do actually like x?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:48:44]

And x in this case was gin. And you, sir, you drink gin pretty regularly, don't you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:50]

Yeah. I guess so. I don't drink vodka, so anything that would call for vodka, I would use gin in.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:48:56]

And I'm a big fan of No. Martinis and gin tonics and stuff like that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:00]

If you're not familiar with gin, it it's it's the alcohol, the clear alcohol that tastes like Pine Sol.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:07]

Sometimes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:08]

Sometimes. I think that's the that's the Bombay

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:11]

Sapphire. Bombay Sapphire has a very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:15]

juniper forward

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:16]

taste.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:18]

Tastes like pine sol. Which tastes like a pine tree. Yeah. Yeah. So so the the the bottom line is well, and pine trees smell like pine sol. So Hopefully. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:27]

So the the kicker here is I think gin tends to get a bad rap,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:32]

And it may be deserved because of things like like Bombay Sapphire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:35]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:36]

by and large, right, it is you've got like a more herbal element to gin.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:41]

Yep. As far as as an alcohol, you can try something like whiskey, which, you know, you're you're looking for it's it's grain based. You got sweetness going on. So it's a totally different profile.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:49:52]

And I don't like, do people drink gin solo?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:56]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:57]

there's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:49:58]

I would say yes to for the short answer. But, a martini, a classic martini,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:03]

is made with

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:05]

two parts gin and a half part dry vermouth.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:09]

So if you order a dry martini,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:12]

basically, that starts to cut down the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:16]

vermouth portion,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:17]

to the point where some people will look at the bottle of vermouth in the cabinet and pour the gin. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:25]

Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:26]

we did not do martinis. I'm not a big martini fan. I've never been a big martini fan. So martinis are a great way to serve blue cheese stuffed olives.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:50:36]

You can also just eat them like we did on Tuesday. That's true. Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:50:42]

anyhow, kinda chugging along here. You made two cocktails. I I don't even I I can't describe these. So just just take it away, John. Because you, sir Well are the bartender went to the gin to the liquor store, and I figured we'd come back with Hendrix or something that's not as piney as far as gin. But there was this beautiful bottle of empress 19 o eight gin, which I had only seen

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:04]

from somebody that I follow on YouTube.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:07]

He made a cocktail with it probably at the end of last year, and I've wanted to find this ever since so I could try it. So I did not pass up the chance when Stan was swiping the credit card.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:18]

Now the the person you said you watched on YouTube

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:22]

is is is what? He's a musician. Right? Yeah. So this is Andrew McMahon, formerly of something corporate. Now his band is called Andrew McMahon Ill in the Wilderness,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:31]

basically piano pop rock.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:34]

Alright. And so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:36]

this gin is interesting,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:38]

I'm sure because of the flavor profile, but more specifically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:41]

it has a unique color to it. Yes. So it's a blue color.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:46]

I can't remember what it's based off of but it's not a fake coloring. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:51:51]

It's a flower of some sort. From the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:55]

distillation process.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:51:57]

Yeah. But, yeah. So it's like very

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:00]

kinda dark blue color.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:02]

It's it's beautiful. And I looked at it and I was my initial reaction was, raw meal and ale by bones. You know, this is illegal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:10]

And and you responded I only use this for medicinal purposes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:14]

Bingo. Yeah. For those that are following along at home, that's Star Trek the Wrath of Khan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:19]

Greatest Star Trek movie of all time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:22]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:23]

yeah. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:24]

I I enjoyed the taste of this quite a bit. Yep. The first cocktail you made was? So the first cocktail I made was called a foghorn,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:33]

which is basically an English mule.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:37]

So it calls for gin, ginger beer, lime juice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:41]

Yeah. English mule as opposed to the Moscow mule, a lot of people know. It's served in the copper cup. That's how most people remember it. Nice. Ginger beer and vodka. Right. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:49]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:52:51]

this what what do we we describe this as tasting like summer, which I still think is the most accurate,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:52:58]

like Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:01]

the gin itself had a more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:03]

floral profile than piney profile.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:06]

The ginger beer adds a sweetness to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:10]

I don't know how I would describe it. I guess it would be Summer. Summer is how I would describe it. It's kinda like at the moment. Have you ever had a sidecar?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:18]

No. So sidecar is like the cousin of the margarita?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:23]

Oh, I have no idea. So kinda like a gin sidecar is what I kinda pictured it as.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:30]

Okay. So gin sidecar, whatever that means. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:33]

again,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:34]

summer. It was fresh. It was refreshing. Lime and yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:38]

It just it was a it was crisp. It had great flavor. The the gin itself paired well with both the ginger beer and the lime. I mean, you really I I would drink that again if I knew how to make it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:51]

I can send you the recipe I used.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:53:53]

Yeah. You should you should post it on the on the show notes too. There you go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:53:57]

So then we ran out of lime juice. Right? So we kinda created our own cocktail which was more I like how you say we. I was just I was in the passenger seat. Right? Like, I'm just missus Lemon and I.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:11]

We. There you go. It was a lime

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:15]

what's that fizzy stuff that you drink that I don't like by itself?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:19]

Lacroix. Lacroix. So it was a lime Lacroix

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:21]

that we used. We should've used seltzer water in retrospect. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:26]

I found something

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:28]

that called for seltzer and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:30]

I made that. So that was gin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:33]

the Lacroix

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:34]

fresh herbs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:37]

Yeah. Put in thyme, I believe. Right? I used thyme and it was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:41]

squeeze of lime in each one. So nowhere near the amount of lime that was in the first one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:48]

This is a good cocktail. I I wanted to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:54:50]

missus Coleman liked this better than the first one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:54:53]

Yeah. I did not. I would have ranked them, you know, first and second. Yeah. So this a good cocktail. I think this would be better

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:00]

maybe in the fall or in the winter, kind of a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:05]

heavier

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:07]

it didn't have the lightness from the lime and ginger beer.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:11]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:12]

And I think it would have been better with some seltzer, maybe a little bit of simple syrup or something like that, and we would have been Yeah. I I it needed some sugar. I I get the thing to say. Think just for the the whole summer experience.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:25]

So you've you've got me interested in gin. I look forward to our

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:29]

next visit in which you will make additional gin cocktails, I'm assuming, or or maybe you'll try something else. Sure. I'm looking forward to to more more gin. I'll have to do some research.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:40]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:40]

Well, John, I I think in general, it was a pretty successful trip.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:55:43]

Indeed. Yeah. And I definitely slept a lot the day after I got home after

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:49]

work. Well, we were we were busy. It was just like one thing after another

**SPEAKER_0** [00:55:53]

during your stay. So Yeah. That Saturday, even as uneventful as it was, was still pretty pretty busy. Yep. Turned out We did not get a chance to play tennis together. That was one thing that we targeted.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:03]

My kids are still disappointed about it, so that that will have to happen on the the return

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:07]

trip. Alright. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:10]

We got two quick follow-up items, because we are we are hot on the hour here.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:15]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:16]

I but I I don't wanna let these go. First of all, did you see the trailer for the Many Saints of New York? Yes. So I this was before I visited,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:24]

and I was at Anna's grandparents, and they were showing it during some new show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:28]

And I sent you this trailer, and you said that you knew that they were

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:32]

making

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:33]

something, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is right. I forgot that you sent it to me. So, yeah. I had been following news that they were going to do a prequel.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:41]

I did not realize that they had filmed it, and I surely missed that there was a trailer for it. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:56:48]

this is a prequel to The Sopranos, which is one of my favorite shows. I it's pretty high in your list. Right? It is. Yeah. So I watched this

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:57]

within the last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:56:59]

seven years or so because of you, and it was very good.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:04]

Yeah. So I've I've watched it multiple times. When I grew up, I wanna be like Tony Soprano.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:08]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:09]

but but maybe not with how the show ends. But anyhow, who who's who's, you know, paying attention? So Right. Macy's is new arc, prequel. I wonder if we can somehow watch this, review it, and discuss on the podcast, and keep our clean rating. What do you think? Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:24]

Alright. So that's that's what I'm gearing up for.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:26]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:27]

HBO is releasing this. It's made by the same writer creator of The Sopranos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:32]

There are, I believe, a few references in the show to which this movie is based off of.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:38]

I I haven't spent a lot of time reading up on it. I need to do that. But I'll just say this. First of all, do not watch this trailer with your kids around and make that mistake like I did. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:47]

yeah. Not not great.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:57:49]

But, you know, live and learn. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:52]

So there's I was so excited to watch There's a very important detail here that I don't know if you know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:57:58]

because you haven't mentioned it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:58:00]

Do you know who plays young Tony Soprano?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:02]

Yeah. It's Gandalfini's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:04]

son. You just didn't mention it. So, like Well, because that was so when this news first came out, that was one of the things that they led with. So I've known that for a while. That wasn't a surprise to me. I knew nothing about this before I saw the trailer. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:17]

I've never seen him act. I don't know if he's acted before. Like, I don't know anything about the kid. But he looks like Tony Soprano.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:24]

So He definitely does. There is a clear resemblance there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:28]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:29]

you know, I I'm just I I've been waiting a long time for this. I am looking forward to another chapter of this story.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:37]

I I just can't wait. I think it's gonna get released to HBO. If it gets released in this calendar year, HBO is committed to or Warner or whatever has committed to releasing all these things to HBO Max. You've been thinking about getting HBO Max. Yep. It's weird. This is just like the stars are aligning. Well, I think I have to get HBO Max just to rewatch The Sopranos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:58:56]

Wow. There's that. Yeah. So it is coming out in 2021. What is the release date on this thing? October

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:01]

something.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:04]

Oh, man. I cannot wait. Oh, and here's another interesting appearance. Leslie Odom junior is So in

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:10]

Leslie Odom junior, everybody knows as?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:15]

Erin Burr from Hamilton. Erin Burr. Yeah. 10/01/2021.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:19]

Oh, man. Can't wait. Well, I know I'm looking forward to October. That's what that's my mother's birthday too. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:25]

Streaming on HBO Max for thirty one days following theatrical release.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:30]

Following theatrical release. Yeah. So you're gonna have to have you have to have HBO Max in October. I can't wait. Can't wait. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:36]

The last piece of information we had that I wanted to to talk about, you found an article

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:41]

about the new Nintendo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:43]

Switch. I does it say when this is coming out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:46]

I do not know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:48]

It oh. On sale October 8. October's gonna be such a great month. For $350,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:54]

this is a new Nintendo Switch with an OLED display.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:59:57]

Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:59:58]

And a little bit more storage. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:00]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [01:00:02]

that's all that changed.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:04]

That's that's all that changed, which is so first of all, the Switch hasn't been out that long. Right? And the life cycle for a console is pretty long. Right? Like

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:15]

And so to have a revision,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:17]

a significant revision even, which I would call this a significant revision Yep. Is a little surprising.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:24]

The everybody knows I love the Switch. I don't get to play the Switch because my kids always have the Switch. Right. So I didn't play it at all last month.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:32]

I'm I'm I'm disappointed and frustrated by that. So because of that, will absolutely buy the new Switch, but I think the thing that this this targets a particular weakness of the Switch. If you are not plugging it into a television,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:45]

which I never do, when I play the Switch, I'm I'm in my office. I'm holding it in my hands. I think that's different

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:50]

from you and I. I think you always play it plugged in. Right? I usually play it plugged in. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:00:55]

I'm an OLED display is gonna be awesome. First of all, it's gonna be a huge uplift on that screen because the screen's not great quality. Yeah. It's only seven twenty p.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:04]

Yeah. And you don't need it to be fantastic, mind you. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:08]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:09]

I I think this is this is gonna be a huge improvement

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:12]

to the quality. It also should drop the battery consumption

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:16]

pretty significantly when you're in the portable mode. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:19]

Have you you you probably haven't had any storage issues with your No. Switch yet, have you? No. Yeah. I had I had to buy a card. They'd like stashed up. Yeah. But they just take standard SD cards, don't they? They they do. They do. Yeah. And and it's actually pretty seamless. So this is not I mean, it's not like earth shattering. I think the the headline here is the OLED. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:39]

I think I told you this when you were here. The thing I love about Nintendo what appears to be Nintendo's strategy here is that they are basically saying, like, we are not going to do the arms race

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:49]

of compute capacity

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:51]

in consoles that the Xbox and the PlayStation are doing. Right? So there, those those two consoles are going toe to toe,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:01:58]

doing everything they can. They'll they'll one up each other. Instead, the Switch is just, you know, Nintendo rather, is gonna capitalize on, first of their intellectual property Yep. Which they they have some of the best gaming intellectual property out there. Hands down.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:11]

I don't even consider that a debatable statement. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:15]

And then I think the other thing that they're they're doubling down on is this device has portability.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:21]

Right? And I I I think the ability to, like, plug it in on the dock or just go anywhere, like, it in a bag, whatever,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:27]

is is a

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:29]

it's what allows the Switch to have one, a slower processor and two, lower quality graphics. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:02:37]

And and there's nobody else in that space, and at least my kids love the Switch. Right? Yeah. So, like, the the hardcore gamers, the professional YouTube gamer people

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:47]

absolutely

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:48]

hated this announcement that it was just they updated the screen.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:53]

But they're the ones who have every console ever,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:02:56]

and, like, they're looking for these amazing graphics and stuff like that. And this is basically Nintendo telling them, yeah. We

**SPEAKER_1** [01:03:05]

don't need to do that. We'll put out another Mario game and make more money than Xbox had in sales last year. So Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:14]

you know, I think the the other thing that Nintendo like, the the Switch in particular does better than any of the competition is cooperative gaming. So like the games where you have multiple players, you can play in a room, party games, like that doesn't exist on the Xbox.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:28]

Yeah. Right? It's not it's not a market that they're they're

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:31]

going after.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:32]

And so I think and I've said this multiple times, the Switch

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:36]

is a family gaming console. It is a it's just a really awesome,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:40]

robust little device.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:42]

Again, some of the best IP

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:45]

in gaming, in my opinion.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:47]

And this I'm excited about this. I'm I I imagine you're not gonna get one because I have a Switch and I don't really play it that You have multiple Switches. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:03:55]

But I'm I'm gonna absolutely get this. Maybe I'll be able to actually play the Switch for a change. So because I I genuinely love the Mario games. Yeah. I need to finish Mario Odyssey, but I got sucked into Overwatch at some point and Oh, that's that's what you were supposed to bring. You were supposed to bring your Well, that's right. We were gonna swap so I could take Luigi's Mansion.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:13]

Yeah. Which I also have not finished because I had not been able to play my Switch.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:17]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:18]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:19]

alright, John. It's good to be back on a somewhat regular schedule,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:22]

and I am, I'm looking forward to to next week's episode. We're gonna talk about

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:28]

some, some other big things. We also have a Black Widow episode that we're gonna get out here, hopefully,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:04:33]

as soon as, as soon as Patty is available. Patrick will do it without you if you don't respond.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:39]

But we don't want to. We don't want We really don't want Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:04:42]

John. Until next time, my friend. This is Stan Lemmon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Go get a vaccine.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:05]

So I I can't even remember. It's been so long, John. Have we did we talk about the third episode of Loki? We did. Right? How disappointed it was? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:11]

Okay. So episode

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:13]

four,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:15]

is that all we've had? Gosh. It feels like there's been so much more content.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:18]

We had four that we watched together, and then we had five.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:22]

Yeah. Five came out just after you left. That's what it is. So we have two episodes to talk about, which is crazy. So so first of all,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:29]

look at episode three.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:31]

I think we said it was pretty gratuitous.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:33]

There was just not a lot of great content. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:36]

I had seen episode four. You were traveling. When you got to my house, we eventually watched episode four together. And there was a particular point in time where I told you that's where episode three should have ended. Yep. Do you remember what it was? It was

**SPEAKER_1** [01:05:46]

when there was a glitch in the matrix.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:05:49]

There's a glitch in the matrix. Basically, there's a branch, a timeline branch that goes just shoots straight up. Straight up. Yeah. And it's when Loki is falling in love with himself. Yep. Right? In the middle of Narcissus. A Armageddon

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:00]

event.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:01]

Yeah. And that

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:03]

then rescues them. They're able to to get the Lokis. They bring them back and then ensues a fight. Yep. Right? Which

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:13]

I like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:15]

the whole thing was pretty good. I in terms of this episode, you made a comment,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:22]

which I expected you'd make, and I was I was happy that you did, about the two best scenes

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:27]

in this show

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:28]

happening between the two main characters

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:31]

in the exact same room, and it was pure dialogue. Yep. And they were long. Like

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:36]

but both

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:38]

in the first episode

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:40]

and when Owen Wilson and Tom Hiddleston are talking initially.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:45]

Yep. And then they are pretty much back there,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:49]

and tables are kinda turned where Loki is then convincing

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:53]

Mobius

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:54]

that

**SPEAKER_1** [01:06:56]

maybe the TVA isn't everything he thought it was.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:06:59]

Right. So, Lady McQueen has this, like, inner struggle. Right? How many different names can we call these people?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:07]

You you you know how I roll, man. I I don't even remember what people's names are in the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:13]

in in the show. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:16]

what's what's his name in Shanghai? Royal Bannon. So Royal Bannon is coping with the the reality,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:22]

which is

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:23]

that the TVA is not this pure thing that he thought it was. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:26]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:27]

you get to see him reflect on that as as Loki

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:31]

is not trying to deceive him, which is what is expected, but but actually trying to like free him. Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:38]

I the the

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:39]

thing that was most interesting is they eventually go into the little time loop thing when Mobius, like, was, like, figuring this out, because he steals a temp pad from his boss, who he thinks he's buddies with. Turns out that she's just as much of a corrupt mess as we think the TVA is. Yep. But ultimately, this ends in a very Wizard of Oz moment

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:56]

with the fight scene

**SPEAKER_0** [01:07:58]

where our time lizard gets decapitated and it turned on turns out to be A robot.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:03]

A robot. So we Not a cool robot either. Not like Ultron. No. It really wasn't. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:11]

So it's basically an animatronic. Right? So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:14]

someday,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:15]

you'll have time lizards

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:17]

at

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:18]

it's a small world in Disney World. That's

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:21]

the Imaginarium has been working on since then. So Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:26]

We we basically found out that this whole

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:28]

institution of the TV is a ruse

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:30]

in the sense that it, like, has structure and purpose. Right? Yep. So all that is into question. We suspected we were going to get to that point,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:39]

but to be able to see both Lokis essentially,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:42]

like, in shock over it. I thought it was pretty good. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:46]

And then Loki gets zapped or what what are they called? Pruned. Pruned. Right? Yeah. Ka chow.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:51]

And so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:53]

he's gone. Mobius had gotten zapped earlier.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:08:57]

And then we get our first post credits scene. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:00]

Which you told me about. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:02]

Would you have turned it off if I hadn't told you there's post credits scene? No. So with Marvel movies, I always watch until it kicks me to the Disney next episode screen.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:10]

Yeah. Yeah. It's good good call. Good call. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:14]

the this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:15]

the scene has what looks like a couple of different Lokis and an alligator.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:19]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:20]

I don't know the origins behind the alligator. I gotta think that that's a comic reference. I I just don't just don't know what it is. Right. But older Loki has

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:28]

an outfit that looks like Loki from,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:32]

you know, older comics. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:34]

These TV shows do they've got this way of, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:37]

giving homages to the origins

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:40]

in the comics. These these

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:43]

outfits that they wore

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:45]

before

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:46]

I mean, like, you know, before the nineties. Right? Basically.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:09:49]

Wanda in the Halloween episode?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:52]

Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And so we've we've got that. We don't know what that means, but apparently,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:09:58]

pruning does not mean death. Yep. And that that leads us to this episode we just had. Was let's just let's just maybe pause there. Episode four, did it redeem

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:06]

the show after episode three? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:09]

Okay. So I'm I got the, IMDb

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:12]

page up, and just looking at ratings,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:16]

episode one, eight point eight stars. Episode two, nine stars. Episode three, seven point nine stars. Episode four, nine point three stars.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:10:26]

Episode five, nine point two stars. So Yeah. Three

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:30]

really sticks out as just not not well done, you know, and and it's it's actually kinda sad that it's a low point in the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:39]

So so four, I would agree with. I think this is good. Think it was redeeming. Again, I think, really, they should've taken the script for four and spread it across two episodes, and that should've been three. There was a good chunk at the beginning could have been three. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:54]

we go in episode five, and Loki is in

**SPEAKER_0** [01:10:57]

what what do they what do they call the name of this The void.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:01]

And it turns out that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:03]

when you get pruned,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:05]

you go to this place called the void and there is Which is at the very end of the written timeline or whatever. Right? Well, that's what we're told. Do you believe that at this point? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:13]

I I I don't know that I believe anything anybody says anymore. But suffice to say, there's this big purple monster,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:20]

and it starts destroying

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:23]

whatever, like, comes in. And somehow the Lokis, all of them escape.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:28]

We get a bunch of interesting banter, I think, between Lokis. Yep. Right? There's some interesting reflection

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:34]

on the Lokis, especially from Loki the elder,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:11:37]

and, like, what makes them, and and they all talk about their events. Right? So kid Loki killed Thor. I guess kid Loki is, like, a reoccurring theme in the comics too. Like, he pops up a bunch of stuff, does some stuff with the young Avengers and things like that too. I I could see that. I don't know anything about young Loki. So this is this is totally out of my wheelhouse, and I have not caught up on comics to, like, familiarize myself with any of this.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:02]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:04]

there there winds up being a battle between Lokis, which not really, I don't think,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:09]

to the story. No. But it was funny.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:12]

It was. It was. Especially watching Hilson, like, dance his way to get out of the room where they're all battling. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:19]

So so elder Loki, kid Loki, alligator Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:23]

and the Loki we know from, I guess, was it 06/16 or '36 or whatever? I can't remember. I don't remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:29]

For our our universe,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:31]

Escape,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:33]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:34]

decided they're going to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:36]

kill this monster beast, which sounded ridiculous from the word go. Right. Right? Like,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:41]

I I Loki's don't

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:43]

plans are never

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:45]

great.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:46]

But usually, they're a little more developed than this one. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:52]

Lady Loki pops in. We find that the

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:55]

loki

**SPEAKER_1** [01:12:56]

prunes herself.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:12:58]

So she During a a not terribly epic battle in the judge quarters or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:07]

That that scene could have been done better. Think like it just Right. It lacked the drama

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:11]

up until the point she pruned herself. Right? And it got to this point where you kinda like, oh, yeah. She's gonna prune herself. I really wanted that to be more shocking than it was. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:21]

I also to be completely candid with you, was a little surprised that Lady Loki fell for,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:25]

what's her name?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:27]

The

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:29]

the the, like, judge advocate

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:31]

or whatever her name is. I'll have look this up. But she fell for this, like, pitch that she gives about

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:40]

working together. Right? Ravonna. Right. Ravonna Renslayer.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:44]

And I I I don't know. I just it seemed to me like

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:48]

Loki should've been sharper than that. It was convenient how it worked out. She prunes herself because she learns that pruning doesn't mean death. You go to the void, yada yada yada.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:13:58]

We still have 100 b 15 somewhere. Right? Or she's caged up. Right. Is that right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:03]

I'm curious to see what happens there long term, if they're gonna kill her or if she's gonna actually

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:09]

survive this.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:11]

But, ultimately, Sylvie gets rescued by Mobius.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:15]

Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:16]

Kachow.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:17]

And then they decided they're or she decides she's going to enchant

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:22]

the the beast. I can't remember what this thing's name is.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:26]

And then she just conveniently happens to run into our Loki,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:29]

Loki the elder, Loki the younger, Loki the gator.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:32]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:35]

the the whole the premise is they're gonna enchant this thing because Sylvie at some point tried

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:40]

the guardians. Eliath. That's what his name is. Eliath.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:43]

And and Sylvie saw, I guess, something. We don't entirely know what. Right. But they they wanna get they wanna get to the whoever started the TVA. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:14:52]

I think in this this final battle, the thing that was most interesting to me was Tom Hiddleston turning to

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:00]

Sofia de Martino

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:01]

Sylvie and saying, I think we're stronger. It was stronger, we're more powerful

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:07]

than we realized. Yeah. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:11]

Which opens up so many possibilities,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:14]

you know, for this character and what they could possibly do with him. Yep.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:18]

So he joins together and he

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:21]

appears to have his own mind control powers rather than just

**SPEAKER_1** [01:15:25]

illusion.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:27]

Yeah. They've they've got this enchantment capability.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:30]

My kids noted that this the way they're grasping hands and, like, working their power together kinda looked a little bit like Guardians of the Galaxy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:38]

It also happens to be a purple cloud. I'm not sure that that's

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:41]

a connection. Maybe it's just,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:44]

you know, just happened to be the way it is. But

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:48]

and then then the episode ends. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:51]

No post credits. We got this no post credits scene. We got this city we see on the other side of Eliath. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:57]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:15:58]

I I'm excited to see what happens in

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:01]

the final episode of this show. Right? Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:05]

So this is just a six episode run,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:08]

and I I'm I'm honestly not sure

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:12]

where this is gonna go. I they're gonna figure out who's at the end, but I don't think

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:17]

I do not think that they are going to topple

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:20]

whoever is at

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:22]

the the root of all of this. I think that this is probably the setup

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:27]

for some for whatever's next. Maybe this is set up directly into Doctor Strange.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:32]

Maybe it's a tie back into

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:34]

Wanda

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:35]

WandaVision. I I don't know. But I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:38]

I I doubt this is gonna be the end of it. I do not see a runtime on the IMDb page.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:44]

I I would guess. It would have have been, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:47]

an hour? Have they been an hour? Yeah. Fifty

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:49]

two, fifty four months. Yeah. I would guess it's gonna be about the same. I mean, maybe it'll be a little little longer, but

**SPEAKER_0** [01:16:57]

we just know that this last episode is gonna be in the void, whatever that means. Yep. And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:02]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:03]

I I don't know, John. I can't imagine they're gonna do an episode three on us, so I think this is gonna be good. And I would say right now, if the show ended at this moment,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:12]

this would be my top

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:15]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:16]

think this would be my top Marvel

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:18]

Disney plus show.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:20]

Yeah. I mean, with the exception of episode three, which I think has always been a sticking point for me at least.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:26]

Like Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:29]

Well, it's so funny because with WandaVision, you liked the first episode so much more than I did. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:17:34]

They made sense after what was episode four, but I I didn't

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:38]

Yeah. Like Like that, they pulled off

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:43]

experimenting with something new and being creative

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:47]

in a way that I really appreciated.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:50]

Unlike when they were trying to pull off something new and be creative in

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:54]

Falcon and Winter Soldier with different cinematography

**SPEAKER_1** [01:17:56]

and stuff that just came off sloppy.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:00]

Yeah. Yeah. So you sent me I'm trying to find it. You sent me a message.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:06]

I'm gonna botch this if I can't find it. Where you basically said

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:10]

this

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:11]

after watching Black Widow, it made you remember,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:15]

like, how good Marvel can be and and how they're just not Yeah. Great at

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:20]

Marvel just hasn't figured out how to do TV yet

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:23]

because, like, Black Widow is

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:28]

leaps and bounds above what Loki has been. But if Loki was an extended film,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:18:33]

like, I think they could have really pulled that off well.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:36]

Yeah. I can't tell if it's like they're they're trying to figure out where to cut the story that they wrote into episodes or

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:43]

if they, like, started and weren't necessarily

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:48]

clear on how they're gonna end. I find that hard to believe, but but who knows? I I definitely agree with you. I do think,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:54]

though, it's getting better.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:18:57]

Tom Hiddleston and Roy O'Bannon, I think, really kinda, like, carry this one. We've said that, you know, multiple times, kachow.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:04]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:06]

I I I you know, you can't you can't underrate

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:10]

the casting Yep. And how much that factors in. So the the the thing about

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:16]

WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:17]

was the acting was so

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:19]

superior

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:21]

to what we expected. Yep. The acting in Falcon and the Winter Soldier was kinda stale and cold. Yep. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [01:19:28]

And then here we are again with just really great lead So we've got great acting in this,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:35]

except maybe, like, Sylvie might be the weakest link as far as acting goes. She does she does definitely is. Definitely is. Yeah. And

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:43]

you have an amazing score.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:47]

The way that the Oh, yeah. TV show is scored is phenomenal. Like Yep. Up there with Lord of the Rings or Star Wars.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:55]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:57]

even the CGI,

**SPEAKER_1** [01:19:59]

for the most part, has been pretty high quality. There's only been a few that I said, hey. You kinda went a little overboard there or something like that. So

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:06]

Flames

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:07]

have not been done well. I don't if you noticed that. I did not call that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:12]

Yeah. Fire fire in particular looks to me like it is a lower quality rendering in

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:17]

in this show. Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:19]

Yep. I actually noticed I think I might have noticed that a little bit in Black Widow too. Sure. Flames are hard to do, first of all. Right? But yeah. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:29]

But looking forward to

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:31]

the sixth and final episode of Loki on

**SPEAKER_1** [01:20:34]

Wednesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:35]

Tomorrow, I guess. On Wednesday. Alright,

**SPEAKER_0** [01:20:39]

John. Until next time, my friend. Later, man.

