---
title: Our First Pre-Christmas Episode
episode: 23
date: "2018-12-20T12:37:29.000Z"
slug: our-first-pre-christmas-episode/transcript
type: transcript
summary: >-
  In this episode of The Twist of Lemon, hosts discuss the upcoming Marvel movie
  Avengers: Endgame, analyzing the trailer and speculating about future plot
  developments. They also touch on other Marvel movies, including Ant-Man and
  the Wasp, Captain Marvel, and a fundraising campaign for pastor Fritzsche.
keywords:
  - "Avengers: Endgame"
  - Marvel Cinematic Universe
  - Ant-Man and the Wasp
  - Captain Marvel
---

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Hey there. This is Lemon. First, thank you so much for taking the time to listen to John and Mai's podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:06]

I still find it a little surreal that anyone besides John's sister Elizabeth tunes in each week.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:11]

So we are hot on the hills of Advent, which means Christmas is not too far behind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:16]

Advent reminds us that Jesus is coming via a manger in Bethlehem, and we rejoice with the whole Christian church at this miracle.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

God made manifest for us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:26]

It's common this time of year to have a special emphasis on giving back. In that spirit, John and I wanted to take the opportunity from now until the end of the year to raise support for our friend, pastor Joel Fritsche, and his family who are serving in The Dominican Republic. Here's the deal though. As awesome as it would be for us to just say, hey, go give some holiday cheer to Fritsche via your checkbook.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:49]

We want to sweeten the deal.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

So the first 25 folks who donate $50 or more and let us know about it, either via Twitter, Facebook, or email, will receive a complimentary three by three life with a twist of lemon sticker from Sticker Mule as a thank you from us for your donation.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:09]

Oh, but it gets better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:11]

I will also personally match any donation that we know about up to $1,000.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:17]

You can donate direct to pastor Fritzsche at l c m s dot o r g slash

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:25]

f r I t

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:27]

s c h e.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:29]

That's l c m s dot o r g slash f r I t

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:35]

s c h e or swingby twistoflemonpod.com,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:40]

and we'll link to it on our front page.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:42]

All donations are a 100% tax deductible,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:45]

which means that even if you don't like Fritzsche or even John or I for that matter, you still win, stickers and tax deductions.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:54]

What's more not to love?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:55]

If you donate and you want a sticker or just for the donation to be matched, let us know by sending us a screenshot showing you donated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:03]

There's more info on the website, and thanks again for listening, and enjoy the show.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:09]

Drown us, please.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:22]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:29]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:31]

with a twist of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:34]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:36]

by the time this comes out, this will be the closest we've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:41]

to Christmas. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:44]

Before Christmas, yes. I guess, technically, after Christmas, we would be closer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:50]

in days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:52]

Alright. But between between the time this episode comes out and Christmas, we don't like, there's nothing. It's just Correct. This comes out Thursday.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:00]

Christmas day is Tuesday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:02]

Alright. So this is our pre Christmas episode,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:05]

if you will. Are we supposed to do something special? Was I supposed to get you a gift?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:12]

How

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:13]

long have we been friends?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:15]

Long time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:17]

Yeah. There's no reason to start now, John. Alright. Listen.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:20]

Thirteen years, Stan. Thirteen years ago, I started bugging you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:24]

Alright. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:26]

the whole reason I was asking is because this is this is essentially our Merry Christmas episode. So if you're tuning in, Merry Christmas. I hope you

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:34]

enjoy some time off, some church time,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:37]

some I don't know. Did you did you turkey, ham, or roast beef? What do do, John? It depends on where I am.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:44]

Okay. Alright. So what would you prefer to use or to eat, to consume?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:49]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:50]

generally,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:51]

Christmas Eve, childhood Christmas Eve,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:54]

there wasn't like a formal sit down dinner. It was just a whole bunch of stuff. Usually involved turkey and ham,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:00]

Swedish meatballs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:02]

a whole bunch of cookies,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:04]

kinda a whole thing after Christmas Eve service.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:09]

So did you have an early Christmas Eve service?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:12]

Yes. So we started going to the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:15]

04:00

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:16]

service,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:17]

where Woah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:18]

Where the kids sang on Christmas Eve at my grandma's church. And then even after all my cousins had moved on,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:26]

we kept going to that service

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:30]

for fun, I guess. So so just to be clear, when I said early,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:34]

I was thinking, like, 07:00 No. Not four. Yeah. So we go to the early, early one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:40]

Yeah. So growing up, we we had an 11:00 service,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:44]

that we went to typically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:46]

which is almost like midnight mass, but it's not midnight because it's just 11:00.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:51]

But yeah. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:53]

So I like that choice. Well, anyhow,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:56]

Merry Christmas, John. Merry Christmas, Stan.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:00]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:03]

On the note of Christmas, I have a milkshake related question question for you. This is something I've been pondering a lot as of late. K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:11]

Eggnog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:12]

Milkshake,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:14]

cousin to the milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:15]

separate thing. What do you think? So here's the thing, Stan. I have never actually had eggnog.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:23]

Wait. Wait. What?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:26]

Never. Not once in my life that I can remember.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:31]

Alright. I did not know that. I did not know that at all. If I had known that, would have told you to go out and get some egg yolk. You see? To talk about.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:40]

You've never had eggnog? I have never had eggnog, at least not that I can remember.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:45]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:47]

Wow. Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:49]

I mean, are you opposed to it, or it's just like you've never had the opportunity?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:54]

I think that in general,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:57]

it would been

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:58]

lack of knowing what a thing is, so I wouldn't have tried it. I've gotten more adventurous in the last

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:04]

ten years or so, but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:07]

I've never never had the opportunity

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:10]

where something better wasn't available. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:13]

Well, okay. Ho ho ho look now. What would you constitute as something better?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:17]

Usually, some kind of cocktail,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:20]

a Manhattan,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:21]

or, what did my uncle make?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:24]

It's got, like, cinnamon

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:26]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:27]

creme de coco.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:29]

What the heck is the cocktail called?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:33]

That's basically a milk use. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:36]

Okay. You understand that, like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:38]

eggnog often, not all of the time Yes. Often is served. I know. Okay. Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:43]

I I just if you're stacking up against a cocktail,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:47]

like, I mean, I I feel like eggnog can compete in that category.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:51]

Probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:53]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:54]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:55]

I I can't I really can't get over this. So the reason I was asking is I had some eggnog at an eggnog party that a friend,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:02]

threw, and he makes his own eggnog from scratch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:05]

which we'll just say is interesting. I mean, it's great flavorful, but, you know, homemade eggnog,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

it's it's thick. Let's just say it that way. It's you gotta chew it on the way down. So but I So this doesn't bug me? It was a Brandy Alexander that I was thinking?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:21]

Okay. Alright. Well, so Brandy is usually

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:24]

part of the poison in eggnog. So maybe egg maybe you do eggnog. So but but it's it's the raw eggs, right, that usually freak people out? Yeah. But I've made cocktails with raw egg or egg whites in them before.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:37]

What cocktail are you making with raw egg whites? So I got this cocktail book. It's got, like, this old thing. I don't even remember what it was anymore, but it was my grandfather's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:47]

cocktail book,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:48]

and it called for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:50]

egg white, and it basically just makes it frothy. It's actually a delicious texture.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:58]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:59]

I'm not gonna judge. I just that's an odd that's an odd ingredient for a cocktail. Then again, I am talking about eggnog, so it can't really be that odd. But I digress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:10]

as I was after I had the this homemade eggnog, right, I ran to the grocery store the next day to do groceries.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:16]

And I was in there, and I I stopped by. I had to get milk. Right? And there was Oberweiss'

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:22]

fully pasteurized

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:23]

eggnog, which I happen to know is a is a big favorite of missus Lemons. So I bought a bottle. I will tell you that that was an absurdly expensive bottle. Yeah. And I brought it home. I let her drink almost all of it, but I did try it. And the the difference, I think, you know, between homemade and from the store really is, like, consistency,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

and and that chunkiness plus the alcohol. But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:46]

yeah, it was so thick and creamy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:49]

I thought to myself, like, this is just it's like a milkshake

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:53]

that has melted a little bit. Interesting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:57]

Like, you know, stirred up. So anyhow, it's kinda thinking This is a eggnog a distant cousin. Is this a sweet beverage?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:05]

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Eggnog. I mean, I yeah. It's sweet. Does it come in different flavors?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:11]

No. No? No. K. I mean, I guess, like Maybe she could. Maybe distant cousin. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:18]

Yeah. Alright. Well, if you I don't know where you're gonna get What kind of craftsmanship

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:24]

do you need

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:25]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

making eggnog?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:28]

I mean, you just said you picked up a bottle from the grocery store. You can't do that with a milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:34]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

I mean, don't you remember that place you were telling me about at the vending though. Yeah. Have you tried that yet? I haven't. No. I have not. I haven't. I know where one is. I'd like, I know where the gas station that serves them is, but I haven't haven't gotten there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:49]

But so yeah. I mean, yeah, you can you can buy it at the store. I think the homemade deal, though, is where it's at. And and I'll just say this, maybe we link it to it in the show notes, whatever. George Washington has a recipe for his eggnog

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

that's heavily spiked. I that's what I had at the homemade eggnog party, and it was legit. And I like, there's a fermentation process. You gotta do it, you know, a few days in advance. Like, it's a whole thing, you know? So I I I feel like you don't do that unless you have a little bit of craftsman in you. Right. I'm with you. It's just too much I buy it. Too much effort otherwise.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:24]

Like, I I really have no idea what I'm talking about, so I'm just trying to figure out this whole eggnog thing. And now you've piqued my interest, so I'm gonna have to figure out a way to acquire some.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

Yeah. You should definitely do that. And if you don't, then, you know, a year from now, we will make sure we have an eggnog episode. But but definitely, if you can find a glass,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:45]

do it. I think it's worth it. K. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:50]

anyways,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:51]

on the topic of milkshakes, I had a real one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:54]

Oh, yeah? Yeah. So I I revisited the almost famous popcorn shop.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

And if you remember, this is the same ice cream,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:03]

chocolate shop ice cream, I believe it's called, out of Madison, Wisconsin,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:08]

which is the same ice cream that you have at your place down there. I don't remember the name.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

Wileepalooza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:14]

which I happened to go to this week as well. Now the first time I went to this place,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:20]

I chose poorly on my ice cream.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:23]

So there was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:24]

chunky bits of cookie dough or something in it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:27]

So that brought it down, and I've been saying that I need to go back and choose

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:33]

better on the ingredients that I order in that milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:38]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:40]

I went out of my comfort zone of thinking I know everything, and I asked the nice lady at the counter, alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:48]

What is the best ice cream

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:51]

to get in milkshake form?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:53]

And I told her I like chocolate.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:56]

So she was saying, alright. So we can do chocolate, or we can do straight vanilla and put chocolate syrup in it, which sounded like a classic milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:06]

Yeah. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:09]

that's what I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:12]

Now And?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:14]

This person who mixes milkshake was much better than the guy who did it the first time. So we go back to craftsmanship of milkshakes and how much people care a lot. So it, like, was a process. It took some time to get it all mixed,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:29]

and it was delicious, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:31]

It was absolutely delicious.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:34]

Consistency wise.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

Perfect. Is it consistent? It was consistent.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:38]

It had

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:40]

whipped cream on top, which if you remember last week when we talked about the natural milkshake,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:45]

the whipped cream was missing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:49]

Did was it like Hershey's,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:12:52]

you know, the squirt bottle stuff, or was it something else that they used, like sauce wise? So Did you happen to see It was something else. It definitely wasn't like your Hershey's plastic bottles, weaves thing,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:03]

So that's good. I mean, this place makes their own homemade fudge too, so I think they got it down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:09]

Okay. Okay. And, I mean, it was consistent throughout. No streakiness because remember the that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:16]

Nope. Okay. All good. I mean, they even served it in a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:21]

clear plastic cup. They mixed it in an aluminum cup like you're supposed to, mixed all the way through, consistent

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:28]

all the way through, no hot spots as we've been calling them, Great consistency.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:33]

Enough milk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:35]

Not too much milk.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:37]

It

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:38]

was a really good milkshake.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:41]

I think, overall,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:43]

it would fall

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:45]

slightly behind

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:48]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:50]

soda pop Elliston's

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:52]

Nashville milkshake

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:53]

just because Really? Of the chocolatey flavor. And I don't know if that's because,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:58]

they use chocolate milk in Nashville if that took it up,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:03]

but they are virtual virtually equal.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:06]

But I if I had to choose one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:09]

Nashville milkshake would go up on top. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:13]

Well, that, that does spark my interest. I look forward to someday

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:17]

trying

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:19]

this milkshake in beautiful Iowa.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:23]

Interestingly enough, I managed back at Wileypalooza,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:26]

again, which is my

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:28]

milkshake place of choice right now. I actually took my son, Hank.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

It was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:34]

the girls were going out for

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:37]

I think I think they were going to the ballet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:39]

And so it was just him and I kinda broing it out, and we went down,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:44]

got a milkshake, and got Taco Bell.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:46]

Nice. Requested.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:48]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:49]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:50]

the milkshake, he requested a mint chocolate chip. Him and I discussed it the whole way up, like, you know, we because we go to this place a lot. We get ice cream normally, and we were trying to ascertain what the best

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:02]

ice cream would be where we wouldn't, you know, experience a lot of chunks. And so he debated for a bit on going Superman.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:10]

Right. And then he determined quickly that that would not make a good milkshake. I think that was probably a wise choice. I I'm I'm intrigued now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:18]

Yeah. It's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:19]

I don't know, man. Like, I I feel like that's not the direction of of the, like, flavor profile that I I I wanna head toward. Right. But yeah. I don't know. He he probably would have loved it. He got me in chocolate chip. I decided to go with This Just Got Serious, which if you remember is salted caramel with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:40]

it's like streaks of I think it's it's fudge.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:43]

Right. I think it's streaks of fudge. And then candied,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:48]

what are they called, cashews? Yeah. Candy cashews. Interesting. And it's it's delicious, but I was worried about the chunkiness. I just couldn't Right. Couldn't decide anything else. And I didn't wanna go with just salted caramel ice cream, although that probably would have been fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:02]

And I and I will say that for the most part, I had they have huge straws at Wile E Palooza. Uh-huh. And I was able to get all of the cashews up the straw

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:13]

without clogging.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:14]

Now, there was some debris in the bottom of the vessel. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

But not a lot. Like, was not like, the whole bottom wasn't filled. It was just, like, you know, kinda what had settled down as I was slurping up ice cream. I imagine if I had not been driving, I had been stirring a little more with the straw. I would've gotten that Right. As I went.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

All in all, fantastic milkshake.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:37]

I did have an interesting

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

experience around

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:40]

the whipped cream.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:42]

K. They asked me they asked me if I wanted whipped cream, and I my response was,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:47]

what kind of question was that? Say no. Oh. Yeah. Exactly. Like, do people actually say no? And and the guy looked at me like, oh, man. You wouldn't believe the kind of jokers that we get walking through the store. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:58]

you know, I appreciated I appreciated that he was as appalled at the question as I was, but he still asked it. Right. So but I did get the whipped cream. Whipped cream is fantastic.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:09]

You know, all in all, it's a good milkshake. That's my go to now, I think. Nice.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:14]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:16]

Cool. It's an exciting week in milkshakes, John. Exciting week. Also, in other news, this weekend, I bought a grill.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:22]

Oh, what'd you get? I got the Weber Spirit two. I was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:27]

looking at the Genesis,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:29]

and then I remembered, you know, most of my life, I have grilled on a $200

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:34]

Walmart grill that my parents got. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:37]

this was definitely a step up. I have used it twice,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:41]

both time for chicken,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:44]

and then I also grilled broccoli and potatoes and stuff like that. So I have not

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

done steaks yet or any kind of beef because I'm waiting for my next shipment of meat rubs by Finker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:58]

You hear that, Finker?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:00]

John wants to christen his grill with your rubs.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:05]

That's that's exciting, man. I mean, that's, that's I'm impressed that you've grilled twice. So did you just it was like chicken breasts kinda

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:13]

Yeah. So we got some marinated chicken breasts.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:17]

I've done this garlic butter marinade and lemon pepper marinade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:22]

Garlic butter was better.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:25]

Lemon pepper might just be more of a summer flavor profile for me. But yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

Good deal. Good deal. I mean, twice in one week, that's, that's pretty good. So well, that's great. I mean, it sounds like you're

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:38]

turn turning your house into a home. Right? Yes. And if I you probably haven't been on social media this evening before we recorded,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:46]

but I posted the picture you've been waiting for, Stan.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:50]

Are you piping? There is a picture of me smoking a pipe on my deck. I didn't even have to leave the property or anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:58]

Well, now you've you've reached all of your homeownership goals. My homeownership goals.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:04]

Alright, man. I'm glad, is it is it warm there or something? Like, you're doing a lot of outdoor stuff. So it it has it

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:11]

has been warm.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:13]

Today, it was up over 50 degrees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:16]

When I was out there, it was probably more like 45.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:20]

Alright. That I mean, it's a nice fall day as far as I'm concerned. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:24]

Alright. Good deal. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:27]

also exciting this week,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:30]

Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:31]

Endgame.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

Did you see the the trailer? I did. Like, I had no idea it came out until Patrick,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:39]

our good buddy down in Houston, Texas,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

tagged us on social media,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:43]

and I got a notification. I said, what the heck is past Patrick doing on social media?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:49]

And there it was, endgame.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:53]

So what was your initial reaction

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:55]

when you watched it?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:57]

Like, why can't this come out tomorrow?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

Yeah. That's about what I had. So it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:03]

was fascinating. Right? Like, it took me a second to register,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:08]

what was happening in that first scene that they show. Right? Stark

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:11]

is on what I am almost confident

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:14]

is the Guardian's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:16]

ship.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

Right? At least that's what it looks like.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:19]

And he appears to be completely alone, which makes sense because I think everyone that was on Titan,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:25]

disappeared in the snapping. I believe so. Don't think anybody survives. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

Very sad Spider Man. So We should stop. Yeah. Listener,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:34]

if you have not watched the trailer yet and you care,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:38]

pause.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:39]

Go watch the trailer. It will take you two minutes, then come back. And if you haven't seen Infinity Wars, you're gonna be really disappointed. Right. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

total total sidebar here. I don't remember why I read this, but I was reading that the reason you you know, it's kinda weird when,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:52]

Spider Man vanishes at the end of Infinity Wars. It's like it It sucks. It just takes longer. Like, he's fighting it. Right? Yep. And, I read an explanation that he's, you know, he's got that, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:02]

super strength. Right? Right. He's just that's why he can kinda face off with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

Captain America and all that. And so the the explanation that I read was that he's literally, like, fighting the snappy, and that's why it takes longer for him to, like, disappear, which I thought was interesting. That doesn't make

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

You know? It it it seems a little more intentional and less awkward knowing that, but anyhow, I digress.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:26]

So Stark opens up in this trailer. He is all alone. He's making a recording for Pepper Potts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:32]

Presumably,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:33]

she survives. We don't actually know, but that's at least his assumption. Yeah. And we're left thinking that he's gonna die. Right? Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:42]

Which, I mean, we know he's not. Right? Like, he's he's gonna get picked up. He has to. Hopefully.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:47]

I mean, how many times has he died and come back?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:50]

Like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

I mean, he he hasn't actually died. He's come close to death. I guess so.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:57]

Yeah. He's he's not actually died. He was pretty much dead at the end of the first Avengers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

Are you talking about when the Hulk, like, scares him?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:10]

Does the Hulk scare him? Like, he dies as he's fallen back to Earth. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:15]

Out of the wormhole? And and then the Hulk, like, comes up to him and, like, shouts, and he wakes up. I don't think he was dead. Alright. If you say so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:24]

I think you need to go watch Avengers again. Probably. I need to watch everything again.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:29]

Yeah. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:32]

you know, Endgame, the whole the whole name I don't even do we know the name of Avengers? We didn't. I didn't, at least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:38]

Okay. I don't I don't think that was shared.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:41]

And Endgame is a reference to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:43]

right before everybody squares off with Thanos on Titan. Right? You've got doctor Strange

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

after he or actually, it's after they square off because he's given

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:55]

the time stone

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:56]

to Thanos,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:58]

and Stark is like, what what are doing? And and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:01]

you know, doctor Strange says something like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:03]

we're we're in the endgame now, and that's where the title comes from. And do you know what that's a reference to, Stan?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:10]

No.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

Should I? Chess.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:13]

Oh. You move into the phase called the endgame. Yeah. Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

Thank you, John.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

That that's a good tie in. I should have known that. That's, football on my part there. But, we've gone off topic because we we need to talk about Tony Stark here

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:29]

From Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:31]

The first Iron Man movie to this trailer,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:35]

the amount of character development

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:38]

is

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:39]

stunning,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:40]

extremely well crafted,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:42]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

Robert Downey junior pulls it off. I don't know if I like Robert Downey junior as a person, but he has been an excellent iron man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

Yeah. I think I think he really reshaped this character in his image, so to speak.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:00]

He's he's definitely like, I I think

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

there will be generations, not just ours, but the next,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

that will think of Iron Man and think of Robert Downey junior. And I I I'm okay with that. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:13]

So he's he starts off as just a guy you love to hate in Iron Man one. Right? Like, he is just an awful human being,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:23]

and he's got this journey where he discovers empathy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:27]

and,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:28]

like, care, and concern, and love,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:31]

as well as purpose. It's just think it's a it's a fascinating journey, and I I remember when Iron Man three came out, I was really frustrated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:38]

Do you remember Iron Man three?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:40]

Somewhat.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

It's like that movie is purely

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:46]

the evolution of his story. Like, it's so centered on him. It's got, like, I think relatively low action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:53]

Right. It was it was hard. Like, I didn't like it the first time I saw it, because it compared to Iron Man one and two,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:59]

which, you know, there's there's good story there, but the depth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:02]

is not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:04]

explored as much as it is in Iron Man three.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:07]

And I think I think that's that's, you know, comes out after Avengers. So you've got just a lot for Tony

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:13]

to dwell on, to think on.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:15]

And,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:16]

you know,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:17]

I think you get the very end of contemplative Tony there in the trailer. And we might be reading too much in the trailer, but I think you're right. Like, this is a this is a really deep evolution of his character.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:29]

Like, he thinks he's gonna die.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:33]

It's like Yeah. Oxygen runs out tomorrow. His last thing is to contact

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:38]

Pepper.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:39]

Like, I'm sure that he's doing a bunch of stuff to try to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

innovate his way out of this situation before that, and I think this happens when he's kind of lost all hope in that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:51]

It'll be interesting to see if they give us, like, where the movie starts and how much we see before he boards this ship. I kind of hope that they just start with him on the ship, but I I I don't think that'll happen. We'll see. Yeah. I mean, could go either way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

Then we transition

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:09]

back to Earth. Right? And we've got

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:13]

Captain America and Scarlet Witch, I think. Black Widow. That's kinda the next key scene. Black Widow. Gosh. Yep. I'm sorry. Because Scarlet Witch is gone. Right. Black Widow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:22]

And they're

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:24]

they're coming up with a plan, presumably. Right? That's that's what we're led to believe.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:28]

But I kinda wonder, do you think this Well, she's like,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

I think so because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:34]

Black Widow has this line,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:36]

where she's saying

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:38]

Thanos did exactly what he said he would do and destroyed 50%

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:42]

of all living creatures.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:46]

Yeah. And we don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:48]

so

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:50]

presumably, some time has passed. Did you notice that Captain America, like, shaved? Yes. Got a haircut? I did. So I I think there's gonna be a significant chunk of time.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:01]

They're up at the Avengers Avengers

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:03]

hub, you know, kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

figuring that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:07]

The I think what what happens after that? Then is it, is that the Hawkeye scene? Yep. So Hawkeye flashes in there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:18]

But it's Hawkeye looks different. He's got a sword.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:22]

Right? Right. And I don't know if you catch it because it's really short, but there's, like there are a bunch of bodies on the ground, and it's almost like Black Widow doesn't know who it is until he turns around. Right. And again, could be clever editing, hard to say.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:35]

I was really,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:37]

really happy that Hawkeye is back. Right. Hawkeye

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:42]

hung up his bow

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:44]

out of protection for his family. Right? He left. Right. Yep. As part of the Sokovia Accords, he took the deal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:52]

which supposedly also Ant Man took too. Right. And we find out what that looks like in Ant Man and the Wasp. Right? Because he's under house arrest at the beginning of the movie. Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:03]

And he's actually he's the final scene Yeah. Which in good comic form, right, he's knocking on the door

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:10]

of the Avengers headquarters

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:12]

there.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:13]

And and the only other time he's been there, right, was the whole Tic Tac

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:17]

scene from the first Ant Man Right. Where he faces off with,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:21]

Falcon. Yep. Right? Now Falcon is I think Falcon's gone. If you remember, he's he's disappeared in the snapping.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

So what's interesting about this is the only time that Ant Man has met the individuals who are still alive for the Avengers He was fighting against is at the end of civil war. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:39]

Yep.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:40]

So there's, like, there's this awkward introduction set of emotions that maybe we're getting a little bit out of, Captain America's face. All all this to say, I'm so stoked.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:51]

I cannot possibly wait

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:53]

for this movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:54]

I I'm I'm just excited. I'm a little sad because I don't know what comes after this. You know? Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

Maybe Daredevil moves to his own movie.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:04]

Oof.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:06]

You know, so I'm not I'm not through the show yet. I'm only, like, four episodes in, but, man, this this latest season is good. It is really well done. It only gets better, Stan. It only gets better,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

and it comes back down to

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:20]

having a good villain.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:23]

Oh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:24]

so don't spoil it. But if you're referring to Fisk,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:28]

I think as annoying as I find his acting at times, he is a really solid villain. Yes. I think actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

he's the villain that gives hope

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:37]

to the other Marvel Netflix movies, but none of them capitalize on the villain quite like the, you know, the first season of Daredevil did. Right. Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:47]

Now you you were telling me that they canceled Daredevil? They canceled Daredevil.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:51]

Oof. But there's been they

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:54]

canceled it in such a way that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:56]

the daredevil character

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:58]

will live on in other ways or something like that, but Netflix daredevil

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:03]

got canned.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:05]

I wonder I wonder if they'll use the same actors

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:10]

if they pick it up on Disney's new streaming service. You know? Right. Because I kinda like that to me is what I suspect that they're playing to. I I just I don't Hard to believe that Daredevil is completely dead. I can't believe that they are canceling these shows.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:24]

Like, you're just starting to watch now.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:27]

How can they make that

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:31]

in this age of

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

streaming

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:33]

where, you know, people can watch things whenever they want? How do they make that call

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:39]

as far as providing value? Because if people don't watch in the first week, it's obviously not worth it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:45]

It's not good content or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:48]

I mean, it could be a cumulative look at, you know, all of the Marvel Netflix

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:53]

franchises.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:54]

I mean Ma'am. They're gonna have stats out the wazoo. I mean, stats, like, you can't even fathom just because they can, you know, they can see every time you pause. They can see how much you watch,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:03]

all that stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:04]

I'd be intrigued as a data guy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:08]

Yeah. I I think it would be neat to to find out kinda

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:11]

what

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:12]

what led into these decisions. My suspicion though too is that there's also a contracting phase to it. Yeah. That is is probably a pretty big deal because, again, you know, Disney's gonna pull all their stuff. They're do their own streaming service. That that's gotta play into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:26]

Netflix's, like, long term plans as well. Right? If if you figure each season

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:31]

gets more expensive to make Right. Right,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:34]

do you wanna do that next season when you know the franchise is gonna get pulled out from underneath you? Mhmm. Is it worth,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:41]

you know, kinda writing the last final season if you will?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:45]

I don't know. I think it's a tough tough call to make. I just hope it like, in my ideal,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:50]

Disney would pick up the same actors.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:53]

Yeah. I just don't see that happening.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:56]

I it's it's probably a little too violent for what I suspect Netflix will do or Disney rather will do, but who knows? Yeah. Who knows?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:04]

So Anyway.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:06]

So do you Well, John. We talk through the whole trailer?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:09]

I think so. We did, man. I I think so. Yeah. Because it ends with Ant Man. Right? And this it just the overall

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:16]

feel of the trailer

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:19]

kind of encapsulates

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:21]

what has made

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

Marvel explode

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:24]

into this big

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

cinematic universe that things like the Batman trilogy

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:30]

didn't have.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:32]

It has Absolutely. The weightiness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:34]

of seriousness

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:36]

stuff, like with Tony at the beginning of this trailer ending with the comic fun

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:42]

sorta light mood that you

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:45]

get in the comic books.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:48]

Yeah. And and I think you hit on something really important. Right? They have spent a lot of time on character development. Yep. A lot more than I think, you know, some of these other,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:59]

comic book type franchises have have spent time on, quite frankly. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:05]

Excuse me. So one last thing. I I don't know if you noticed it. At the beginning of the movie, right, you've got the,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:10]

or the trailer rather. You've got the, like, everything flaking apart Yep. On the logo.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:16]

At the end, did you notice what was happening? It was all coming back together. Interesting. I'll have to go check that out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:22]

Yeah. It it took me it was, like, the third third watch through that I really jumped out at me and stood out what was happening there. But at the end, it's coming back together to form the Avengers endgame

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:33]

thing. So So I don't know. I'm excited. Another thing we need to mention is end of Ant Man wasp.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:40]

Ant Man was stuck in the quantum lair. Right?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:44]

The quantum realm. Quantum realm. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:47]

Yeah. And we don't know how he got out of there, but presumably, he did. He's he's gotten out of there before.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:52]

I think at the end of Ant Man and the Wasp, we are left to think that he's stuck.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:58]

But the more I think about that, the less that makes sense. K.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:02]

It just seems like they would have probably loaded him up with some kind of plan b. I don't know. We'll see. I I need to go back and and watch that again. But, yeah, you know, somehow he gets out. We know that.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:14]

Okay. So Avengers, April.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:17]

Before that, Captain Marvel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:19]

I don't think Captain Marvel's gonna give anything away.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:21]

Maybe in a post credit scene,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

but

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:24]

I think it takes place in a different time period.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:28]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

man,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:30]

I I've gotta think that at least the I here's my suspicion. It'll be like the original Captain America. Yeah. Right? We'll have a bunch of historical context and then a tee up into

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:41]

current times.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:42]

Like, I I fully suspect that the last scene of the movie will be her getting a call from Nick Fury.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:48]

I I'm almost confident that that'll be the last scene of the movie. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:52]

It will be interesting to see.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:55]

Need to go back and watch stuff

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:57]

anyway. Yeah. I've got Guardians of the Galaxy as next on my list because I wanna revisit,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:03]

that first Infinity Stone. So Interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:06]

Nice. Hey. Real quick update. Right? We are,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:10]

a $150

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:11]

away from our goal for raising funds for pastor Fritzsche. So that means that you still have time. You do not have to donate $50. You can donate any amount, and I will match it. But if you donate $50, I will send you a life with a twist of lemon sticker.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:26]

John,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:27]

did you get your stickers yet? I did. They came in the mail yesterday.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:30]

Are they all over your laptop now? They are not yet.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:34]

They're currently sitting on the table, but yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

Well, you'll have to work on that. So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:40]

not too late. Please consider donating. Twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

There's a link in the top right, I believe, that says support Fritzy. You can learn more there. All you gotta do is let us know you donated,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:52]

and we will hook you up.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:35:55]

Alright. Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:57]

Johnny,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:58]

if I don't talk to you before,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:00]

the next time, Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas, Dan.
