---
title: Raising the Roof?
episode: 127
date: '2021-03-25T14:17:50.000Z'
slug: raising-the-roof/transcript
type: transcript
---
**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:00]

Dramas, please.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:13]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:20]

This is life

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:22]

a of lemon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:24]

So, John, this is life with a twist of lemon. I'm Stan Lemon. You're John Kolmeyer, and this is our podcast about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:32]

stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:33]

Stuff.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:00:34]

Friendship ultimately.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:36]

There you go. And you can find us on iTunes, on Twitter. Apple

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:41]

Podcasts. It's not yeah. Okay. Thank you. Apple Podcasts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:46]

Probably other podcast apps too, I would imagine, at this point. Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:00:51]

K. You should leave a five star review On Apple Podcasts. On Apple Podcasts. Yeah. They always tell me that I don't I just I cold start, and so I've I warmed it up today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:02]

And Is it better? Website?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:05]

Twistoflemonpod.com.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:07]

Is that is that right? That's correct. And if I continue to have a bunch of free time, we might have a new design for that in the coming weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:15]

Oh, it's exciting. Have we actually have you shared your

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:19]

your free like, why you have free time or no? I have not, because we have had guests on for the past two weeks.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:26]

It's been it's been kinda weird, actually. The last two episodes have been incredibly long, comparatively.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:31]

We've we've had guests. We've had technical challenges. We've we've overcome all of them. We are not an interview show though.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:39]

We're not gonna become an interview show. Correct? Correct. Especially with how awful some of the audio has been to edit. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:47]

Well,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:01:48]

suffice to say, here we are, and we're going to do a normal episode with normal stuff or relatively normal stuff. And you have a lot of free time on your hands because?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:57]

Because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:01:58]

COVID supply lines basically tanked the business I was working for, and I was laid off along with the rest of the employees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:06]

Whether that's permanent or long term remains to be seen, but I am currently job hunting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:13]

So if you need someone with technical skills and great people skills,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:18]

whether those,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:19]

people be near or far or that technology be podcasts or websites,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:24]

John Kollmeier is a CRM. There you go. John Colmire is available

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:28]

for you.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:30]

And how how would they get a hold of you, John, if they have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:02:33]

needs which you could fulfill?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:36]

They can

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:37]

contact us through the contact form twist of love and pod dot com, and it will come directly to me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:43]

Alright. Because I don't think I even get those emails, do I? You do. We just never get any since I put the spam filtering on. So Okay. Well,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:02:51]

there you go. If if you know of a job for John Need a new website, you're on WordPress and you need your WordPress updated and maintained, talk to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:00]

Your your Salesforce install configured? There's Salesforce,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:03]

Zoho CRM,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:06]

HubSpot automations,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:08]

Zapier automations,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:09]

anything.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:10]

Alright. Well, there you go. I hope that shakes out. Now, that's not particularly good news, but you did have good news

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:17]

this week. Didn't you, John? So this was last week. Last week, I got an email from my roofing contact, the project manager for my roof project

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:26]

that said, hey. Materials will be delivered later this week. This was last week. They showed up on Thursday of last week in my driveway and are currently sitting there. The roof is scheduled for tomorrow, Wednesday, when we are recording this.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:40]

Hopefully, I will have a new roof by the time it airs,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:44]

but it is weather dependent and there is rain in the forecast.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:48]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:49]

Alright. How many days has it been since Derecho?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:53]

So if it happens on Wednesday,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:03:56]

it will have been two hundred and twenty nine days.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:03:59]

Okay. That you have had a massive hole in your roof. Multiple holes. Yes.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:05]

Yeah. And and you're I'm on tarp number two, at least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:10]

And and you have a room that's non occupiable?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:12]

Correct.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:14]

You made it through warm days. You made it through cold days. Rainy days. Windy days. Windy days. Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:22]

Well, how how excited were you? I mean, that that's pretty good news. I was pretty excited. I'm pretty sure that you were my first text message, and I think you could tell the excitement in my text.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:33]

I yes. Yes. I could. And your the picture was also very enjoyable

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:39]

of seeing the supply Actually, in the driveway. Place. Yeah. It makes it real, doesn't it? Have you gone out and just like touched them? They have. They got like this cool new

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:48]

what are they called? Like vent cap thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:51]

So so that will be nice because mine's all bent up and so that was cool.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:04:55]

Are you worried at all about someone stealing

**SPEAKER_1** [00:04:58]

these goods? I am not. So they're placed pretty far back in my driveway

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:03]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:04]

there's some in at least five houses

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:07]

on the street. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:10]

Okay. So so if someone wants

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:12]

building supplies And, you know we just have pallets of shingles are kinda heavy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:17]

Yeah. Well, I didn't know if, like I mean, who knows, man? Where there's a will, there's a way. Right? I don't know. I guess some people are bored.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:26]

Yeah. I don't know. I mean, if they're bored, they should listen to the podcast. Right. But well, that's that's good news. That's good news. So I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:33]

I'm curious

**SPEAKER_0** [00:05:35]

with all this time on your hands, have you checked anything out about baseball?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:39]

I checked the Cubs record in the Cactus League a couple of times. Last I looked, they were half a game out of first place.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:05:48]

Okay. Does does that matter to you? Not particularly. Spring training doesn't mean a whole lot in the grand scheme of things, which is good news for you, Stan Lemon, as your Pirates are very middling.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:00]

They're very middling. But you know what? As a Pirates fan, a middling spring training is the best spring training we've had in a very long time. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:08]

maybe maybe it's a sign of good things to come. I You know, back before the world

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:13]

shut down,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:14]

like, completely,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:15]

we talked about going to spring training,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:06:18]

and you were all about going to the grapefruit league because that's where your pirates are down in Florida. Yep. So maybe that will happen one of these years.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:27]

The would

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:28]

I would love for that to be something

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:32]

I do, or maybe with friends every spring,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:35]

is to go and just tour a league. And it doesn't have to be the grapefruit league every year. I'd be perfectly fine checking out the Cactus League too, but just getting, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:44]

you know, to see baseball

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:46]

every day for a week, different teams at different stadiums.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:06:50]

I've seen some spring training games in the past, and they're just a ton of fun, because the stadium is smaller. It's it's just more intimate. It's like minor league baseball

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:00]

with talent. With with talent. That's exactly what it is. That's exactly what it is. And at least the last time I was there,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:07]

beer was more affordable. Right? Like, was it was not Right. Totally gouged.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:11]

Don't have to pay for naming rights or anything there. Yeah. Like, all that stuff. And so I just I think it would be a ton of fun, and I'd love to love to do it. But I'd not gonna happen this year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:22]

Maybe next year. We'll see. A guy can hope.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:07:25]

But do you do you have the MLB app installed on your phone or anything like I do not. Now, you used to subscribe. Do you still subscribe to MLB TV?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:35]

So I did last year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:37]

and then the and then the league canceled the season, so I got a refund. And I did not resubscribe

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:43]

at the tail end of the year,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:45]

for for a variety of reasons. I mean, the Pirates were so profoundly bad

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:49]

last year. They were it was just oh, it was so painful. I did watch some of the World Series,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:07:57]

but this year, have not made a decision whether or not I will subscribe. I generally don't subscribe to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:03]

spring training because they don't they don't actually, like, broadcast enough games for that that make sense. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:09]

like like you said, like, those those games aren't really that great to watch.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:13]

Now, if I remember right, you really like watching baseball, but you don't care to listen to it on the radio. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:20]

I yeah. I've I've never gotten into it. I don't know I don't know why that is. I don't know if I lose focus, but yeah. When we lived in Pittsburgh, I mean, every night, the pirates were on. We we had it on the TV, and I would do other things while while doing it, but I was totally glued in. Part of the problem where I'm at is I am in market

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:39]

for

**SPEAKER_1** [00:08:40]

The majority of the Central.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:08:43]

Right. And and so so what that means is that those games are blacked out, and now you're gonna get me started on my rant about sports and streaming TV and how broken it all is. Yep. But if if I if if the Pirates would just or MLB, whoever, would just give me the ability to stream every Pirates game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:01]

every game,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:02]

I would do it. I would pay for that. Right. That is a service I would I would buy. But I can't get most Cardinals games, can't get any of the Reds games, can't get most of the Cubs games. I can get probably a half of the Milwaukee Brewers games. So So that's better than me. So there are

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:20]

six teams

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:21]

that are blacked out here in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, which has no professional baseball team.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:27]

So we got two Chicago teams, Milwaukee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:30]

Kansas City, Minnesota,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:32]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:09:33]

Saint Louis.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:09:35]

Oh, that's terrible. Yeah. That's that's such a huge blackout area. Like, it doesn't even make sense. Yep. You know? Like, are you gonna drive down to Saint Louis for a baseball game just for the the heck of it? Like So I don't know. It's I would because I like going to baseball games. I have been to Saint Louis though, and I have a goal of making it to more than just the three fields that I've been to. Four, I guess. Well, but but like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:03]

I'm with you. Right? Like, I I've gone to Saint Louis for a a game that the Pirates are playing. What I'm what I'm saying is, like, you're gonna do that, what, maybe once a season. Right? If your team is the Cardinals, maybe twice. Yep. Right? So I could go for Cubs games, furious games, or if you're coming with Pirates games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:20]

Right. You're yeah. You're you're not gonna do that for 80 games of a season, right, when they're when they're home there or whatever. Like and that's, I think, where this whole thing breaks down, because the the MLB is making an assumption about the average attendee.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:35]

It's just not true. Right? Like, I am not gonna I'm even me, I am not gonna haul my way down to Cincinnati

**SPEAKER_0** [00:10:42]

for more than a handful of games a year. Right. Right? And we play we play multiple series throughout the year, and and they're just they're just totally missing out on money. Right? So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:53]

when I was in Milwaukee,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:10:55]

there was one season, I think the most games I have ever been to in a season

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:00]

was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:01]

18.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:11:02]

And that was a busy year going to baseball games. Friends had season tickets and things like that. So That's that's a lot of baseball. Our first year in Pittsburgh,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:13]

I think we probably made it to 12 ish games. Yes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:18]

They were like, the pirates were so bad when we first moved to Pittsburgh

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:22]

that they would give away awesome seats for for practically nothing. Right? And we would we would drop, like, I don't know, $10 max per seat to go and sit four rows from the field behind the dugout. Right. Right? Which is Crazy. A fantastic place to watch a game. Yep. In fact, the only the only other time I've sat that close to what was going on was at a spring training game.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:43]

But,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:44]

you know, that made it really accessible, and parking was relatively reasonable. In fact, sometimes I bought tickets and I got free parking passes with them Wow. Which is nuts.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:52]

You know, but that's the only time I've gone to that many games in a season.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:11:56]

Otherwise, it's a big production, especially with kids, you know. So I'm I'm willing to do it, but not necessarily,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:03]

you know A lot. 12 games or or more than that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:07]

I don't know. I I just think this is such a huge it's such a colossal

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:11]

misfire on the part of

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:14]

Major League Baseball. There's an opportunity for out of market teams

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:19]

to to make some additional revenue through through these services. And it's not just MLB. Right? The NFL also has a completely broken

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:26]

system

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:27]

for streaming television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:30]

And I would think I would think with all that's going on in the world, this year especially, right, like,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:35]

maybe this is an opportunity to change it up and and give me what I want. Especially since the model has been proven with things that aren't as popular as sports.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:12:45]

Yeah. Definitely. Definitely. Well, I mean, think of, like, how many subscription services the average person has right now on the TV front alone. Right. If you cut the cord, odds are you're sporting at least three of these things. Right? And and which is crazy

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:00]

because they're not cheap anymore. Right. Right? Like the days of the April Hulu, I think those are behind us.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:06]

And, you know, you're you're gonna be spending $30.40

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:10]

bucks, maybe even getting some

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:13]

of your sports television.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:16]

Right? But but in reality, you've gotta go up to, like, the $70 mark, even if you're a cord cutter, to get sports TV now. And and all I'm saying is, like Cable territory.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:25]

Exactly.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:26]

You're back in cable territory. And all I'm saying is, you know, the Hulu TVs, the YouTube TVs of the world are getting money that I am paying them for Hallmark and Lifetime, and, like, all these other garbage channels I don't watch, and I would gladly give all of that money to Major League Baseball. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:13:42]

Because that will always be interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:44]

It will yeah. Yeah. I mean, like man.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:48]

And the thing about the thing about

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:51]

the MLB app is because of the accessibility,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:13:54]

you can watch other teams too. Right? Like, get a sense of what else is going on. And and there are other interesting games going on in different parts of the league. I just don't do that enough to, like, by itself to warrant the subscription. Right. Especially if the team that you wanna watch, you can't watch most of the time. So. Exactly. I'm first and foremost a Pirates fan and accidentally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:14]

a fan of baseball. The Tigers are in there somewhere.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:18]

Yeah. They are. They are. I mean, before we moved to Pittsburgh, that's who I would put on. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:22]

In fact, the only the first year

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:25]

before we started going to games, the only time I turned on the television was to watch the Tigers.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:30]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:14:31]

Anyway. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:33]

I didn't plan to go on that rant. You you just open that can of worms. Nothing gets me riled up like streaming television, man. I tell you, it's it's just like it gets my goat without fail. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:46]

So have you have you been tracking this rebranding of CBS All Access at all? Is that the Paramount Plus or whatever?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:14:53]

Yeah. They I don't know why they changed the name. I don't like, there was apparently a reason for it. Who who knows the same thing.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:01]

It's as far as I can tell, nothing has changed but the name. So I was under the impression that all of the Star Trek series got moved to some different streaming channel.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:15:10]

But No. They're Okay. They're they're all there. I can still watch Paramount Plus. I'd like I I really only care for when Picard comes back, which will probably be this fall.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:21]

Yeah. Well and that's where it'll be.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:25]

They've been hardcore

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:27]

on the ads front, and so I've been seeing Paramount plus ads everywhere. Yeah. And I do normally pay for CBS All Access for about five months out of the year to watch NFL games.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:38]

And there was a discount on c on on Paramount Plus, excuse me, a year, which normally be a $100 for commercial free for $50 with promo code year.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:49]

And I thought, well, that's I I actually, like, that's what I would spend, and this would get me through all football season. So I did pull the trigger. I have yet another streaming service.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:15:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:00]

this is the one that I pay for though, because the other ones I don't. I mean, they're Okay. I do, but they're bundled with other things.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:06]

So I don't know, man. It it's like, it's so frustrating the amount of different

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:11]

channels. I don't I don't even know what you call them that I have now on the Roku TV,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:15]

and how disparate all my content is. Yep. Kind of annoying, isn't it?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:20]

It is. I like, there's I I think Apple TV was trying to do, like, their in app channels. Right? Like, were doing that with CBS All Access before it got rebranded. Right. But but even that was kinda cludgy.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:34]

You know, Roku will sniff what you're watching and tell you what other apps it's on in a creepy way.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:16:39]

I turned that feature off.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:43]

Yep. So right now, I think I pay for Netflix.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:47]

I have an Amazon Prime subscription

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:50]

mostly for the shipping aspect, but we have been making use of that watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:56]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:16:57]

I got in on the promo for Disney plus, so I think I have another year left on that at least.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:02]

Oh, at least. Yeah. We did the three year on Disney plus.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:06]

And and I think I think I will probably renew that when the time comes. I will also probably look at their bundle that they're doing with Hulu and and ESPN, because I think that's kind of interesting.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:16]

But that's that's another one. ESPN could get my money if they would just stream the NFL. I would I would pay for that. I'd pay for that for a whole year, for the like three games that I actually care about on ESPN.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:28]

Interesting. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:30]

So really our problem is TV and sports and we should just give them all up and do something productive with our lives?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:37]

Well, it's kind of what you've done with sports, haven't you? Kind of. I have not paid any attention to sports

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:43]

for several years now.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:45]

What what is it that made you stop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:17:48]

tuning in?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:50]

So I don't really know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:53]

because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:54]

I watched the Cubs

**SPEAKER_1** [00:17:56]

the year they won the World Series. I'm pretty sure I watched the season after,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:00]

but, like, it's difficult for me to actually watch the Cubs on a regular basis.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:06]

NBA, haven't watched for many, many years.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:10]

Football, I've never really watched in that piece because I was surrounded by Packer fans.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:16]

But They're special breed, aren't watch

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:18]

a lot of golf

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:20]

this most recent time that Tiger Woods came back.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:25]

But Yeah. Well, that's over for a while. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:29]

So,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:31]

like, as long as I've known you, you've been a a Cubs fan. You you're always supporting a Cubs hat except when we record.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:18:37]

I I guess I actually don't know if I have a Cubs hat that's in wearable condition. I have the Oh, my. World Series championship hat, but I don't wear that now that it's Yeah. You can. Five years later. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:50]

I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:51]

so there's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:52]

something about baseball,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:18:54]

I think, that when you're not in a competitive market like I am, that it is really easy to become disenfranchised

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:00]

right around the break. That's I I I knew if I could make it through the break and I was still interested,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:06]

like, that was a good season. Right? Right. It's just so it's so easy to peter out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:10]

But you guys have at least been competitive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:14]

you know, in recent years. I can't say that for the for the pirates.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:18]

And I mean, I will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:20]

kind of keep an eye on it, but it's not like a weekly thing. Check-in every once in a while.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:25]

And you don't mind listening to it on the radio, do you? I don't. I actually have subscribed to the MLB

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:31]

game day audio

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:33]

Yeah. For a couple years, and I actually really enjoy that. I would prefer to listen on the radio than watch on TV.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:41]

Really? That that shocks me. Okay. Of course, I've always been surrounded by

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:46]

good announcers with the Cubs and the Brewers,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:19:48]

so I'm sure that helps.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:51]

Yeah. We've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:52]

we've got some good announcers and then some that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:56]

should retire.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:57]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:58]

yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:19:59]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:00]

in other news, are have you been interested in this Xbox wireless headset at all? I am interested. But since I currently have no

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:09]

real gainful employment,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:11]

I haven't pulled the trigger on it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:13]

Okay. That's fair. That's totally fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:17]

What what about these interest you?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:19]

Mostly that they are wireless.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:21]

Secondly,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:22]

the headset that I bought was like a $30 one off Amazon.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:28]

And the game that we have been frequenting

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:30]

is has lots of sound cues

**SPEAKER_1** [00:20:33]

that are important.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:35]

Tons of sound cues. Yeah. And that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:37]

my game leveled up when I got the headphones that I got. I can actually hear what's going on around.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:43]

I though have yanked the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:45]

plug

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:46]

out of my controller

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:48]

multiple times while playing, and that is very frustrating,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:20:51]

especially because the Xbox does not do a very good job of picking them back up when they're plugged back in. Right. I've noticed, I have to go to the menu and and reset them. So this is the headset that Microsoft made. It apparently does not connect to the controller,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:07]

but connects to the device,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:09]

and thus is more responsive,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:11]

whereas most audio, other implementations route through the controller.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:14]

But the thing about this headset,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:17]

it's the same stupid problem

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:19]

that Microsoft and Sony have with their freaking consoles and trying to find one. So it's like you log on to the website and it goes down, or it's out of stock immediately. Yep. I don't get it, John. I don't get it. Why is it so hard to buy these things? I don't know. I don't know if it's always like this or if it's just the supply chain stuff,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:38]

but on the plus side, you only have to worry about a new console like once a decade.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:44]

Headphones,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:21:45]

who knows?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:46]

I mean, I hope. I hope so. Gosh.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:49]

I I don't think I could do this more frequently than that. I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:21:53]

so I ordered one. It took me a while to find a place that had it. I didn't get it the first day, but I did find one

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:00]

the day after, which I think was the seventeenth

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:03]

on bestbuy.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:05]

But it was in store pickup.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:06]

And I I swear to you, John, that when I looked at that listing on that site, it said same day pickup, I could go get it today. Yep. And so I paid for it, and I waited, and I didn't get the text message, and I checked it after I got home from church on on Wednesday night,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:22]

and it said pick it up on the twenty fourth.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:26]

So I still have not gotten it. I haven't had a chance to try it out.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:30]

I'm just so irritated by the whole thing, and I think I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:34]

I I should be used to not getting the things that I want right away after 2020.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:39]

You know? Yep. You had quite the delivery

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:44]

hiccups in 2020.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:46]

Oh, yeah. Well, in in I I sent you the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:49]

they continue. They continue. You saw the the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:22:53]

tracking history on Back control. They ordered a box. Back and forth between It was a

**SPEAKER_1** [00:22:58]

between Indianapolis Yeah. And wherever in Ohio.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:02]

Yeah. Multiple times. It actually went to Cincinnati, back to Indianapolis, back to Cincinnati, and then finally back to Indianapolis before it made it to me. Yeah. Like, somebody was confused.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:11]

And all it was, John, was an empty box. It was a box that I could use to ship my old laptop

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:16]

to macmeanoffer.com.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:18]

Wow.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:19]

That's all it was.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:21]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:22]

Crazy.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:23]

Yeah. That's this is gonna be a rant episode. That's what this is gonna be, isn't it? I guess so. We haven't forgotten names of anything, have we? Because then Dan Trez will get angry with us. Yeah. Just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:33]

what's what's that movie

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:36]

never mind.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:40]

I gotta ask you, am I supposed to be putting down this fertilizer yet?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:44]

I haven't looked at your soil temperatures, but you are probably getting close. My guess is gonna be the April

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:50]

is go time for you. April.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:52]

Alright. And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:23:53]

I should put them both down at the same time? Is that The same time, but two separate applications.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:23:59]

You don't wanna mix them in your hopper.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:02]

Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I I put one in that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:06]

I'll probably do the starter first, spread that out, and then I'll put was it per per dieza? Per dieza. Right? Your pre emergent. Dianna.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:14]

The the pre emergent

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:17]

I see this I don't understand. Why is it pre emergent? It basically kills crabgrass, doesn't it? It stops crabgrass

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:22]

from

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:24]

emerging,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:26]

from germinating. So that's why it's called pre emergent. Okay. Yeah. So there's a pre emergent herbicide and post emergent herbicide.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:33]

So the one stops it from actually growing. The other one, you attack after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:38]

it has already been there, like dandelions you would spray or whatever.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:42]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:43]

So my my current soil temperature is 57 degrees. My twenty four hour average

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:48]

is 52.7.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:50]

However, my five day average has gone down to 46.4

**SPEAKER_0** [00:24:54]

degrees.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:56]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:57]

So,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:58]

basically,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:24:59]

you're probably safe whenever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:01]

I would wait until that five day average

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:03]

is up above 50 degrees headed towards 55.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:08]

It had been above 50 if you remember, and it has gotten it got cold again. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:12]

So it just keeps oscillating on me.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:15]

But Yeah. So I wouldn't pay any attention until after

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:19]

March 21 in future years when

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:22]

hopefully, winter's actually behind us. But, really, you put it down now, and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:28]

it's not gonna make a difference.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:31]

Now do I need to water either of these in? Yeah. You should probably water both of them in.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:37]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:38]

So I really need to time them around Rain. Rain because I don't have an irrigation system yet. Right.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:43]

Yeah. So the prodiamine

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:45]

will

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:47]

it turns into, like, a barrier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:51]

and

**SPEAKER_1** [00:25:52]

the fertilizer will just kick your grass into gear when it gets some water.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:57]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:25:58]

Now I have I I can't remember what I'm I'm trying to think what's called that rake thing, that that mechanized rake that I use to sweep up the grass.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:08]

You know what I'm talking about? That's a sweeper. Oh, just the wand sweeper?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:12]

Yeah. But it's got a it's got a brush, and it will actually brush the grass. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:18]

Should I use that over the because you were talking about raking, and it's not quite a power rake, but, like, it's it's close ish. Don't you just have, like, a normal

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:27]

aluminum

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:29]

rake?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:31]

Yeah. But I got a I got a big yard, John. You don't have to rake the whole yard. It's just the spots that are looking slow to green up. It just to promote airflow. So you could take your power rake out there now or send Lucy to do it whenever the grass is

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:44]

dry ish. How much do you think I should pay Lucy to go over the whole yard with the power rake? Less than mowing.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:26:51]

Okay. Lucy, did you hear that?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:56]

Maybe I should start lawn mowing business.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:26:59]

I mean, what do you got to lose at this point? Right? I have to throw the the push mower in the back of Anna's CRV.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:05]

But other than that Do you do you have a tow hitch on the CRV? I don't believe so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:11]

Okay. You gotta get one of those. And that might not make sense.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:16]

Well, I mean, that that's how you do it. Right? Like, you get the whole rig. Need some startup costs.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:27:21]

And I'm in Iowa, so short lawn season. But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:28]

Well, but, I mean, you could you could spend some time helping people fertilize and things of that sort. There you go. Come up with my own care plan, personalized.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:36]

Yeah. You know, I mean, that's like I'll be your guinea pig. Right? You just tell me what to put down.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:42]

You want me to take pictures before and after and send them to you? Absolutely.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:45]

Oh, boy. Alright. I'll try and remember that.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:49]

Well, John, will

**SPEAKER_0** [00:27:51]

I will get on so should I should I put this down before the next time we record or wait till two recordings out?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:01]

If you are gonna get an inch of rain

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:04]

sometime before next time we record, go ahead and throw it down.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:08]

But Okay. Like, really, if you throw it down before April 15, you'll be fine.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:14]

Okay. April 15, tax day or formerly tax day. Yeah. Got moved again. Only known as tax day. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:19]

Alright, my friend. I think I will I'll plug that in the calendar and we will strategize for that. As always, it has been a pleasure. Indeed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:28]

Alright.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:29]

This is Stan Lemon reminding you to help control the spread of COVID nineteen. Wash your hands and wear a mask.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:50]

So you sent me some big news today.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:52]

I did. And Patrick, which who hasn't responded yet.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:28:56]

Yeah. So what's what's the tldr here?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:28:59]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:00]

Black Widow

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:02]

has a July release date,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:04]

which is up from I think they were saying September. Right? I don't remember what the previous I think that's right. It was late. It was late. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:11]

But they are now going to release in July on 07/09/2021

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:17]

in theaters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:18]

and on Disney plus with premier access,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:21]

which previously they said they would not do.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:29:24]

So they finally wanna take my money.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:27]

So this is gonna basically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:29]

the what? $7.99 a month for Disney plus. That's a thing. And then this is gonna be $29.95,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:35]

I believe, to rent the movie. Yeah. That's what the other ones have been. Once you rent it, like, you've got it. Right. Right? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:42]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:43]

I to me, this is a no brainer. Right? Like, I'm I'm definitely gonna do this.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:48]

I'm really excited they changed their mind on this, because they were not gonna do the premier access originally. Right? Correct. Like, they were adamantly against it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:29:57]

I wonder if the if they've just hit, like, a critical mass. Because, you know, they got stats on, like, everybody that watched WandaVision

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:04]

and the first episode of Falcon and the Winter Soldier, which we'll get to in a minute.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:08]

Maybe they just think, like, there's enough interest in Marvel that they could actually make some scratch on it. Yeah. And I don't know how

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:15]

what was the Disney animation one that they just did? Reya and something?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:19]

The the dragon or yeah. I didn't watch it. So I I didn't watch it either, but I wonder if that did better than live action Mulan did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:27]

Yeah. They never actually I don't think they said, like, how well Mulan

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:30]

did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:32]

The thing is Mulan didn't do great

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:36]

the animated version time.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:38]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:39]

I I don't remember seeing Mulan in theaters. I don't know

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:44]

I've seen Mulan end to end ever.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:30:46]

Well, you need to watch that with your kids.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:49]

You can sing the song.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:51]

I know the songs. I know the songs. So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:55]

that's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:30:56]

I I would love I would love for them to keep doing this. I hope it's successful. If you made it through the podcast and you're a devout listener,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:04]

we don't take any ads. We don't take any revenue for this podcast. Just please, for the love of God, rent Black Widow on Disney plus so that Disney gets some revenue and this is a thing. That's that's the thing is so this is $30. If I go see this in theaters

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:19]

at night,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:20]

it's gonna cost me

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:22]

probably

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:23]

at least 24 just to get in the door. Then if I want popcorn or drink or candy or anything like that, that's gonna put me over this $30 mark.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:32]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:35]

at home, I can watch it with generally

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:39]

better in focus picture.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:41]

My sound isn't great. I'd probably get better sound in the theater still.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:45]

And I get to sit in my own chair that I know

**SPEAKER_1** [00:31:49]

who's been sitting in it

**SPEAKER_0** [00:31:51]

and stuff like that. You get to pause when you gotta go potty. Right. Which you do. Yeah. I do a lot. I do a lot. Yeah. And my dog can come.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:01]

There you go. Perfect. So you you dog could come to a theater in Portland probably, but yeah. Maybe. Okay. So I'm excited about this, but this is not what I wanna belabor. I wanted to to talk about Falcon and the Winter Soldier. You you've watched it. Right? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:14]

Alright. And, I mean, what did you think, John? I I got weird feels on this one.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:23]

It was a Marvel show.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:26]

What did what did I actually say after I watched it? So I don't know was I let let me cut let me cut to to the chase. Better or worse than,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:35]

an episode of The Mandalorian?

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:38]

I would say probably worse.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:41]

Woah. Really? I did not see that coming. I didn't see that coming at all. So, I mean, like, The Mandalorian is beautiful.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:49]

Whereas Falcon and the Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:32:51]

it's like they don't know what they wanna do in any aspect of it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:57]

Cinemographically,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:32:58]

I I definitely think it's not up to snuff there. I I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:01]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:02]

faster paced though. It is. Like, you're you're progressing much faster. Know Yeah. But you're progressing to Self

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:10]

contained in episode one,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:13]

you're progressing to nowhere.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:33:15]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:18]

I gotta think I gotta think that this is a

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:21]

my take in general, right, is I think Marvel with WandaVision had a hard time figuring out where to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:28]

delineate the episodes. Right? Like, they I I almost wonder if they wrote the whole thing out as a single script. Right? And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:36]

then tried to figure out how to cut it up, and then made editorial decisions after the fact, which I don't know that you can do with episodic TV. I that's what it felt like to me. Right? There were just some weird editorial choices on WandaVision.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:48]

Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

Mandalorian

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:49]

was like

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:51]

six individual things that somehow played together into a theme that closed out in the last two or whatever. Right. Very different.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:33:59]

This, we have two parallel tracks. We've got the Falcon track, which I think is the weaker of the two, and then we've got the Winter Soldier in the other. And they spent more time on the Falcon track too.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:08]

They did. Well, I I honestly I think he's the star. Like, it's it's Falcon and the Winter Soldier, not Winter Soldier and Falcon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:14]

But also, quite frankly, like, that's who Cap gave the mantle to. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:21]

I expect this

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:23]

show to revolve around him, his persona, and somebody else taking on the mantle. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:29]

he gives up the mantle

**SPEAKER_1** [00:34:30]

right away, right out the gate. Yeah. And we start Without a lot of, like, backstory or thought process to why. Like, it's just it felt like somebody else's.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:34:40]

Right. Right. Like, there's where's the emotional struggle on? Is this mine or is it not? And and I think I think we got shortchanged on that. There you know, and and maybe maybe expectations were set too high with WandaVision because the emotional depth of that show from episode to episode was was huge. Right? Yep. And I don't know that Anthony Mackie's character is one that we look to

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:01]

for for emotional depth. Right? Like, he's he's a he's a jokester. He's along for the ride. There's some emotional depth when we first meet him because of the context of him being a veteran and all of that. But Right. They they move past that actually pretty quick in in the movies.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:15]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:17]

we we find out though,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:19]

he's from the South. He's from Louisiana.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:21]

It looks like his family was in, I'm guessing, the shrimping business or fishing business or or some boating business.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:28]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:29]

he's got a sister who he's got a, we'll say,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:33]

difficult relationship with or or strained relationship with. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:38]

We find out finally that these guys don't get paid a lot Right. Which

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:43]

they

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:44]

that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:45]

I don't know. Maybe that's more significant than

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:48]

than it needs to be. I'm not sure. Maybe maybe Tony took care of everything beforehand.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:35:54]

Yeah. And now he's gone. Right? And they're at the at the will of Pepper Potts, and maybe she's not as generous. I I don't know. I don't know.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:02]

But tries to get out of bank loan to save their family house and boat, and doesn't get it.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:09]

And I think I think the thing

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:12]

he's just struggling to find his place

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:14]

post Avengers,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:17]

and he I don't think he can decide whether or he wants to be done with the hero thing or not. Like, I think that's what we get in episode one.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:22]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:36:23]

That's not really screaming.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:26]

But Well, I mean, think about it. He does have this. The the the whole episode opens up, right, with the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:32]

the plane and the Libya thing and a a lot of action.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:37]

Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:38]

He he hands the mantle, and all we see him is in the South, but he's really trying to, like, become domestic. And I I I think that those are

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:47]

laid out the way they are to to juxtapose this emotional

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:50]

struggle that he has. I just don't think it was well done. It was not well formulated.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:54]

Now, on the flip side, we got the Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:36:58]

and I thought this is actually pretty awesome, like, his his

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:01]

whole shtick. Was

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:03]

this more appealing to you? It was. So this definitely has some of,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:09]

the

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:10]

Captain America out of time

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:14]

stuff to it.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:15]

And

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:16]

but it's somebody who has sins to atone for as well.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:22]

So I think that that really appealed to me, and it provided some more emotional depth than, say, the Falcon line did.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:28]

And it seemed more

**SPEAKER_1** [00:37:31]

steadily paced or congruent or something like that. It just seemed like it was more thought out and flowed better.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:40]

Yeah. And so we have we have him

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:44]

crossing names off in a book, which harkens back to his life as the winter soldier, but now he's trying to make amends. Yep. We have him catching government corrupt government officials in in one scene. We have him

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:57]

befriending and helping

**SPEAKER_0** [00:37:59]

the elderly father of somebody that he murdered.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:03]

And and, yeah, there's a lot going on there. He tries to date this young lady sort of at one point in this episode, and that was genuinely awkward, I think. Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:14]

But the

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:16]

the psychologist too, the therapist that he visits, I I enjoyed that scene and not just because

**SPEAKER_1** [00:38:22]

Harkens back to Sopranos.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:24]

Well, there is that there's that dimension to it. Right?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:27]

Which which I I mean, think about what The Sopranos did. Right? They took this hardened persona,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:33]

the strong silent type. Right? Like like Tony is constantly quoting, and it gives you a glimpse kinda behind the curtain on this this personality

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:42]

in a way that you simply cannot do when he's doing actual mob stuff.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:46]

And I think similarly with the Winter Soldier,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:49]

right, you have this superhero that's got a lot going on in his brain,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:54]

but you're not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:55]

from from the fourth wall, you're not gonna get much of that

**SPEAKER_0** [00:38:58]

just normally in the way that he conducts himself. Because not everybody is Tony Soprano who builds,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:03]

you know, a multi billion dollar AI system to psychoanalyze Tony

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:07]

Soprano.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:08]

I'm

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:11]

referring to Barf from Civil War Great. The the system.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:14]

So

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:15]

I I I like that. I'm I'm excited to see where that goes. The

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:20]

the therapist is an actress from

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:23]

a TV show called Bosch, is on Amazon Prime, which I love. I've watched. I don't think you've seen it that I've

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:28]

heard you talk about it. I haven't seen lots of TV shows that you've seen. Bosch is worth your time. That that's some good writing right there. But so it's nice to see her in this new this new role,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:40]

because I honestly haven't seen her anything else.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:42]

And I I the the thing I picked up on I don't know if you didn't catch this. She looks at his phone and sees a missed call

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:49]

from the Falcon, from Anthony Mackie. Did you catch that? I did.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:53]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:55]

So somehow, he's gonna go from this distant,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:57]

socially

**SPEAKER_0** [00:39:58]

or excuse me, emotionally distraught character to connecting up with Falcon.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:03]

And somehow, that's gonna tie in with Baron Zemo, who we know is out there. And we only have

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:08]

five more episodes to go.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:12]

So basically, if the next one doesn't go anywhere,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:15]

I should just stop watching.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:18]

Oh, you wouldn't actually do that, would you? No. Because I gotta have something to talk about on the podcast.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:23]

Well, that's yeah. It's not it's not on the podcast. This is this is after the credits.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:29]

Alright,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:30]

man. The episode ends

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:31]

with the introduction of US Agent,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:40:34]

which is another villain that was introduced in the episode, probably.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:39]

Pseudo

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:40]

it's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:42]

hard to call him a villain. So Okay. In in the comics

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:46]

Patty alluded to this when we talked to him. Right? Like, in the comics, there's this struggle about who owns

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:51]

Captain America. Right. Right? Is that is that Steve Rogers or does the government own Captain America?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:57]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:40:58]

US agent takes on that mantle. Right? Takes on that responsibility, that authority becomes a superhero in the stead of Captain America.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:05]

But

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:06]

he's he's just

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:09]

not

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:11]

aligned with the rest of the Avengers in the same way. Like, motivation seems to be a little different. He answers to the government, and there's always this tension between the Avengers and the government. Right? Right. We've seen that in the MCU already.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:23]

And so I

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:24]

I think they're gonna try and play on that. Like, this whole show clearly to me is, like, who what what is Captain America? Who is Captain America?

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:32]

What defines the person? Is it the shield? Because right now, episode one really is about the shield defining Captain America. Right. Right? You hand it off to US agents, suddenly he's Captain America. That's that's how it ends.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:43]

But I think it's it's bigger than that. Right? I think, actually,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:47]

if you look back, Infinity Wars actually showed us that it's bigger than just the shield, because the shield was not in Infinity War. Right.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:53]

And

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:54]

I think that's that's gonna be part of the part of the thing that happens here. Now,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:41:58]

I think I I I am I'm so irritated by their casting choice for US agent.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:05]

Because in all of the comics, there's definitive jawline

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:08]

for US agent. Like, he is he he just he's got us to look to himself,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:12]

and they didn't match the jawline.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:15]

That's fair.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:16]

It bothers me so much. I also it could've been the angle, but US agent is a beefy character,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:23]

and the the guy they presented kinda looked a little scrawny to me.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:27]

So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:28]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:42:30]

I don't know. I wasn't overly impressed, but we will see where we go in the next five episodes.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:36]

There's there's a lot there's a lot to unpack here. I think there's a lot opportunity to,

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:42]

you know, go down different avenues. It's it's gonna be tricky. There's

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:47]

I don't know. There's a lot there's a lot they could mess up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:42:52]

So so of all the stuff you've seen on Disney plus TV show wise, is this the worst of it in your mind? I mean, we're only one episode in, so I can't

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:00]

make the call there. But

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:02]

I think between

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:05]

I mean, it's Marvel, so they're probably setting up the story somehow.

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:09]

But between the story and, like, the ADHD

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:13]

as far as the look and feel of the cinematography

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:16]

goes,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:18]

yeah, I I just wasn't overly impressed.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:22]

Okay.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:24]

Do you remember the movie Up? I do. Remember the old dude? Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:29]

Yeah.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:30]

Go find a picture of US Agent from the end of that show and tell me if that's not a guy from Up.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:37]

I didn't see it. See Captain America's costume. So

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:40]

Tangentially,

**SPEAKER_1** [00:43:41]

I think my dad and sisters are going to see the Up house

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:45]

this week. There's a there's a real house? I guess so.

**SPEAKER_0** [00:43:49]

Alright. Well, you're gonna have to you're gonna have to give me more info on that for next time. Alright? Alright. Sounds good. Alright. We'll talk to you later, John. Later.

